[{"Movie":"Gattaca","Title":"take care of yourself","Author":"lookattheflowers","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10204108","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Author's note: I was forced to watch Gattaca in biology and ended up falling in love with it, only I was left devastated with the way it ended. So like most of the shows/movies I watch, I decided to completely ignore canon and write what I think should have happened. '…And when you finally get your chance to leave, you find a reason to stay' It was better this way. Leaving the past in the past. After all, one man's failure is another man's success. You'd done your part, fulfilled your purpose so that somebody else could fulfill theirs. You weren't needed now. Vincent made a greater Jerome than you could ever be and in a way, you're grateful to him. He became everything you should have been and more. Guess that leaves you second place on the podium again, Eugene. Couldn't even succeed at being yourself. Isn't that a disappointing thought? I'm proud of you Vincent. And really, you were. Maybe even a bit jealous. Of all people, a degenerate worked his way from the ground and up. All the way to the stars. He was living his dream while you were left prisoner in your own home. I'm traveling too. The words sounded so simple. Only you knew the actual meaning behind them. You were sure Vincent was none the wiser when he walked out. If he knew you were going to kill yourself he never would have left. That was the difference between the two of you. \"Always so damn noble.\" A smile tugs at your lips. You wheel yourself to the incinerator where Vincent would burn every trace of himself to become you. The genetically superior Jerome Eugene Marrow. Someone that people would respect and look up to; not look down on with unwanted sympathy, seeing only a waste of potential. Because that's all you were now and you hated yourself for it. You were never supposed to get this way. You were born a winner, a champion. Now look how far you've strayed from that. Your hands lingers on the door latch, the metal chilling your skin like cruel irony of what's to come. But you're ready to die. You have been for a long time. When you finally open it you're more than eager to climb in. And you would have if it weren't for a piece of paper taped to the inside. Odd . You think, reaching for it. The writing is all too familiar. Identical to yours, but not quite. Eugene, Drinks are on me when I get back. I look forward to telling you all about my trip. Take care of yourself, Vincent \"You bastard.\" He knew. All along he knew you were struggling. You don't remember that night the both of you went for a drink, when you told him about the accident, he never stopped thinking about it. If at first you don't succeed...Try, try again. But the only person you've been competing with was yourself. How could you hate someone so much, but admire them all the same. How dare Vincent take your identity but at the same time you can't thank him enough for saving you from yourself. This was his subtle way of asking you to stay. Because your realize for the first time that for some reason he needs you just as much as you need him. The man would be completely lost without me, wouldn't he? It's an exaggeration, but a damn well earned one. You re-read the letter over and over again in your head, carefully folding it and tucking it away in your suit pocket. The paper crumbles against something and all at once you remember, nearly forgot it was there. Unsteady hands dig through the material until you feel the heavy weight of metal, pulling out the old silver medallion. The burden you've carried with you all this time, feeling the tonnage that once symbolized your downfall, now a mere piece of scrap metal. It's funny, really. Somehow it feels lighter. You clutch it in your hand until your knuckles turn white, take one last look at it, then toss it into the furnace and press the button. The flames engulf it but you don't take the time to watch it burn. The only thing left on your mind is what you're going to do for the next year. ","Summary":" Author's note: I was forced to watch Gattaca in biology and ended up falling in love with it, only "},{"Movie":"Gattaca","Title":"Playing With Knives","Author":"Convenient Alias","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11890741","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Apparently Vincent thought he could tell Eugene what to do. \"Eugene,\" he said, one Saturday afternoon. \"We need to talk.\" Eugene rolled his eyes and rolled his wheelchair over to the reclining chair where Vincent was sprawled out with a cigarette. What was it about this time? He had been getting Vincent plenty of nice, clean samples—more than Vincent would need in the next year were stored up already, although Vincent didn't know about all of those. He hadn't been drinking. Well, he hadn't been drinking except when Vincent was drinking too, and he didn't think even Vincent could complain about that. He thought he'd been especially industrious and polite for the past week. There was no reason for Vincent to want to \"talk\". And it was going to be one of those talks, he knew. He knew by the look on Vincent's face. For an invalid, Vincent was extraordinarily good at condescension. \"What is it this time?\" Eugene asked, leaning back as casually as he could manage in his wheelchair. Vincent took a deep breath, lowered his gaze to the floor and said, \"You need to get a life.\" Eugene was confused. \"Isn't that the point of having you around, Jerome?\" When Vincent looked slightly confused he added, \"You do the whole living thing and I can just kind of…\" He waved at the basement around them, full of supplies for extracting genetic material with a couple bottles of whiskey and boxes of crackers scattered around as well. \"That's exactly the problem,\" Vincent said. \"Eugene, you don't do anything.\" \"Rude,\" Eugene said with a frown. \"I mean, I appreciate all the work you do for me,\" Vincent said. \"But that's all you do. You take blood, scrape skin cells off your body, pluck hair, and drink.\" He crossed his arms. \"It's not healthy.\" \"I do other things.\" \"Great. What?\" \"I manage the bills. I do the laundry.\" The laundry machines had been moved to the basement to facilitate Eugene being able to help out with that. \"If you want me to go shopping, I'm sorry, but we're supposed to limit the number of people who see me. And I can't casually drive down to the department store either.\" They didn't have a car built to accommodate someone paralyzed from the waist down. Vincent was always the one who drove. \"If you want me to do the cooking, clearly you've never tasted my cooking…\" \"I've tasted it.\" Vincent grimaced. \"Anyways, that's not what I'm talking about. Not chores. I mean, you don't do anything fun.\" \"Drinking is fun,\" Eugene said. Vincent gave him a look. \"I'm joking,\" Eugene said. Half. \"I do other things. I read.\" \"You read,\" Vincent said flatly. Eugene did read. He had a medium sized collection of books in his room, some of which were even new ones he had ordered lately. He also had subscriptions to a few different magazines, mostly scientific ones for Vincent and a few ones about current events and odds and ends for himself. He nodded. Vincent still didn't look impressed. \"Well, what do you do that's so great then, Mr. Astronaut?\" Eugene said, crossing his arms. \"I interact with other people all day,\" Vincent said. \"I do read, but I also go out with friends. Parties. Bowling. Concerts. Talking to other humans, not over the phone. Eugene, you're going to go stir crazy.\" \"I have plenty to keep me busy,\" Eugene protested. \"I have to take plenty of samples for you, remember? And…do the laundry. And make calls, and do the taxes.\" Vincent shook his head. \"I've been thinking about this for a while. And there's only one thing to do. You're going to get a hobby.\" Eugene grimaced. \"What a disgusting word. Hobby. Do you think I'm five?\" Or possibly seventy-five. Hobbies were for three kinds of people: the very young, the very old, and the rich and idle. Reluctantly, Eugene admitted he might qualify as the last of these. But only just barely. \"I think you've been overworking yourself,\" Vincent countered. \"Look at yourself. You have black circles under your eyes.\" \"They're still prettier than yours,\" Eugene said. \"You've been drawing too much blood again.\" \"I have not.\" \"Yes, you have. Drawing too much blood and scraping off too much skin. You look raw.\" \"So do you,\" Eugene said. Vincent, with his two hour long grooming process every morning, was hardly one to talk. Eugene didn't like needles enough that he relished drawing blood constantly, or the deadly dull process of taking samples, but he didn't envy Vincent his lot either. He exfoliated to add to Vincent's store of samples, while Vincent did nothing but get rid of dead cells that would accumulate again to equal levels within a day. Vincent ignored his utterly valid protest to say, \"Get yourself a hobby.\" \"I will not.\" \"I will throw your samples in the trash,\" Vincent said. Eugene narrowed his eyes. \"You wouldn't.\" \"I would. You have enough stored up to last another few weeks at least.\" Two years, more like, Eugene pointedly did not say. \"So you're going to take a break,\" Vincent said. \"And you're going to get a hobby. And if I find any new samples in the freezer before you've found one, they will be going in the bin.\" He stood up. \"Oh, come on,\" Eugene said. \"This is unreasonable.\" Vincent walked towards the stairs. Retreating to a place Eugene couldn't follow. Real mature. \"I'm not getting a hobby,\" Eugene said. Vincent was already disappearing onto the main floor. Eugene scowled and yelled after him, \"Fine.\" He could be like that for all Eugene carried. Nothing was going to force Eugene to get a hobby. /…/…/ Four days later, Eugene was bored. He hadn't done any blood drawing or exfoliating in the past three days. Partly because he knew Vincent was serious—he would, in fact, throw out any samples Eugene gathered, and Eugene refused to waste his time like that. Partly also because apparently the idiot thought Eugene couldn't deal without gathering samples, and Eugene was determined to prove him wrong. Only apparently he was proving him right instead. He had worked on bills and taxes and done the laundry even though there wasn't all that much to do, and reread one of his favorite books and the most recent edition of National Geographic. But it had been four days, and Eugene was bored. He didn't want to read. He didn't want to talk on the phone with idiots or work on the accounting in illegible cursive. And if he got drunk, Vincent would take it as a sign that he was right, as nice as that would be. Doing nothing made him itch. Exfoliating was a useful remedy for it that way. It was both a physical action and physical sensation, and while not exactly pleasant it was very distracting and always felt productive at the time. He leaned back in his wheelchair (generally he stayed in his wheelchair when Vincent wasn't around to help him in and out of it, as was most convenient) and closed his eyes. What did he used to do when he was bored? When had things ended up like this? Before he got himself hit by a car, he remembered, he hadn't really been all that good at avoiding boredom and escaping his own racing thoughts. Drinking had helped. Sometimes he had even drunk in company, although most often alone in his own room, shunning anyone who would see him in such a state and realize just how imperfect he was. And before that, before the end of the Olympics had left him grim and tired, back when he had still tried to ignore the pressing of boredom, expectations, loneliness and his own fallacies…Back when he had still thought he could get a gold medal for swimming in the Olympics and prove that he could succeed, that he could be the best, that he could live up to what his parents and friends expected, that he could still be the golden boy, worthy of his own genes… Even then, when he had thought winning the Olympics would solve everything, he had still often needed to get out of his own head. Back then, though, it had been simple. What else would he do but swim? He would head down to the gym where he had a membership (and the gym owner was pleased to have such a great athlete attend his gym, even proud), change into a bathing suit and stay in the pool for hours on end, doing laps up and down the length of the pool, slow and steady, over and over again. He didn't need to do anything fancy; often he wouldn't even do more than one kind of stroke. But the motions would calm him and work off the energy he had built up, and by the time he climbed out he would be exhausted and hungry but the world would somehow seem a better place. After the Olympics, it had no longer been so effective. While he was in the water things would seem better but every time he climbed out he would feel a pang of guilt, a whisper in the back of his mind reminding him that he wasn't good enough. Sometimes his laps would become frenzied and sometimes he would find himself lethargic, unmotivated to do more than the dead man's float. At some point, alcohol had become a more effective way to seek oblivion. And then, when that wasn't enough, he had thought perhaps a more permanent solution would be best… Sitting up in his wheelchair, he shook off the memories. He couldn't go swimming now. Even without his paralyzed legs (and he imagined he would struggle to do more than float or a very basic stroke with only his arms) there was the issue of his identity. If he got a membership to a gym with a pool, he would have to use his own name, and word of his paralysis would be sure to get out sooner or later. Besides, Vincent had told him to take up a hobby. Swimming hadn't been a hobby. It had been his life. /…/…/ By the end of the week, Vincent still didn't appear any closer to relenting on the subject of a hobby. Eugene, being the patient and yielding man he was (and also bored out of his mind) decided at last that perhaps he might as well give it a try. Just to humor Vincent, of course. He could give it up after a couple weeks when Vincent was satisfied and go back to exfoliating and drawing blood. Lately his skin had been actually growing back with no disturbance, and after the past few months of gathering samples constantly it was just odd. Hobbies. Eugene had never really bothered with hobbies. Call him a man with a one track mind, but swimming had been it for him. No time for anything else. Honestly, other than stamp collecting and fishing, he had no idea what they were. Putting away his pride, he asked Vincent that evening after dinner, \"What did you mean by hobbies?\" Vincent looked surprised by the change of subject—he had been in the middle of describing his day and Eugene never interrupted, never really having anything to add to the subject except occasionally a few words of advice or a question. He took it with grace, however, and said, \"Something that you can do comfortably at home, for fun. Something apart from, you know. Business.\" He shrugged. \"I mean, taking care of me can't be your whole life.\" It could. But Eugene didn't make that argument. Letting a plume of cigarette smoke out of his mouth, he said, \"I don't want to collect coins.\" \"No one said you had to.\" \"Well, what's a hobby?\" he said peevishly. \"People like you and I don't have hobbies. We have passions.\" Vincent opened his mouth, then frowned and was silent. Clearly he knew Eugene was right but wasn't willing to admit it. Finally, after puffing on his own cigarette for a few minutes, he said, \"Perhaps you need to find a new passion.\" Eugene didn't say, \"You are my new passion\" because even if it was true, it sounded wrong. And although Vincent would understand (somehow he always understood, Eugene knew, even when he didn't want to be understood) Eugene knew it wouldn't be enough for him. Vincent didn't want Eugene to be the pathetic parasite he was. He might understand that Eugene was too weak to find a new passion for himself and loved to hear Vincent talk about the stars, but he would still want Eugene to find some stars of his own. Instead, he said, \"Jerome, passion isn't something you find lying like a penny on the street. I'm not going to be able to produce one on demand.\" \"Well then, you'll just have to find an amusement for now,\" Vincent said. Stubborn idiot. \"It turns out we have even more genetic samples lying around than I thought. I can wait as long as it takes.\" He took another long drag on his cigarette, smiling. Smirking at Eugene's misery. The jerk. Eugene wheeled himself off to his bedroom and got out a notebook to brainstorm. A hobby. He needed a convincing hobby or Vincent was going to continue this idiocy indefinitely. When he set his mind to it, he could be a serious nuisance. With a sigh, Eugene brought out his pencil and began to list ideas for hobbies that could be enjoyed within the house (more like a mansion, honestly—Jerome Morrow was not a poor man whichever version you looked at) and without any expenses too great to justify as measures to pacify Vincent. Passions. Vincent would probably appreciate some sort of poetic hobby. Painting? Writing poetry? With a sardonic smile, Eugene added origami, embroidery and flower arrangement to the list. The sad thing was Vincent would probably go for any of them if Eugene seemed into them enough. Out of all of them, only painting was remotely acceptable. Eugene had quite enjoyed art classes in high school. But still. When he thought about sitting in the basement with a canvas and paints for hours on end, trying to create some sort of image out of a white plane, all he could think about was the itch on his skin. Heck, white was a good enough color for a canvas, wasn't it? He couldn't think of anything he'd rather put onto it. Creativity had never been his forte; exactitude was more his speed. Exactitude and repetition, repeating something over and over again, each lap a little more efficient, each repetition bringing him a little closer to perfection. He squeezed his eyes shut. The itch was only growing stronger. But he couldn't swim. Not ever again, maybe, or at least not just now. A substitute. He let his imagination wander one way and another. Something physical would be good. Perhaps something a little violent even. He didn't need intellectual stimulation, more something to stop himself from thinking. As for the violence, if he didn't find something to take his anger out on soon, he would probably end up poisoning Vincent's food one of these days from sheer frustration. /…/…/ The set arrived in the mail a week later. It had taken him a while to decide on an option but he had paid for fast shipping, and gotten what he asked for. Vincent brought it in from the post office (they had a box there instead of having mail delivered to the mansion, where the postman might see Eugene) and asked if it was for him or Eugene. After all, the name on it was Jerome Eugene Morrow, and while that generally meant Vincent these days it could technically mean either. And he didn't remember ordering it. Eugene snatched it from Vincent's hands and said, \"It's mine.\" He had been bored all week, though less so in the last couple days, when he had started rearranging one of the emptier rooms in the basement to suit his purposes. Vincent eyed the package. \"Well?\" \"Well what?\" \"Are you going to open it?\" \"Yes,\" Eugene said, and he wheeled away from their common area, package in hand. Vincent watched him go but did not follow. He respected Eugene's privacy most of the time. Eugene unwrapped the package slowly, half regretting his purchase. He had done his research carefully—he didn't regret the brand or the expense. He only regretted that sooner or later Vincent was going to find out what exactly it was, and at that point it would become obvious that his scheme of getting Eugene a hobby had at least partially succeeded. Eugene had given up. He wouldn't necessarily enjoy this, but he would at least give it a try. If there was any consolation, it came in the fact that at least he was pretty sure Vincent had been expecting him to take up something fairly innocuous. He probably hadn't been expecting Eugene to buy throwing knives. It was a kit of twelve. No particular reason that Eugene could see for that number except that things always came in dozens—they were probably supposed to be lucky. Maybe he'd be lucky enough not to accidentally gouge an eye out with any of them. Anyway, it was good that there were a lot. He'd set up a nice room with targets made with layers of cardboard (and hadn't those taken time to put up) but he couldn't guarantee none of his knives would go skittering under the heater, and honestly he was not that inclined to go groping underneath it. From the wheelchair it would be quite a stretch. He took out the knives one by one and laid them out on his bed. They were nice. Sharp, polished. They would bite into cardboard for certain. Probably they would end up scratching up the floor of the room he had prepared and even the walls when he inevitably missed. If Vincent complained, though, Eugene had an answer for all his complaints—the house belonged to Jerome Eugene Morrow, which was technically both of them, but the basement belonged to Eugene. /…/…/ He tried out the throwing knives the next day, when Vincent had gone to work and the house was empty. No one to come down and check on him if they heard strange noises of clanging in the basement. With an air of anticipation (for the first time in a week he actually had something to do) he wheeled himself to the room he had set up with his set of knives. It was a room about twice as big as his bedroom, with targets set up on the far wall. He had constructed them out of the remains of various cardboard boxes and packing material, left lying around from shipments of such things as hair dye, clothes, and (to Vincent's displeasure, of course) expensive wines. They had red circles drawn on them rather optimistically, as Eugene suspected it would be a while before he would be able to stick a knife in them at all. He was, genetically, a good athlete, but this required motor skills he had not developed yet. Not an issue. He was sure he would be good in time. Very good. Just like he was at everything he set his hand to, though never quite good enough. He positioned himself three meters away from the target closest to the center of the far wall. That, according to the instructions that had come with the knives, was the correct initial distance for trying to get a knife to stick in something, since the knife would naturally rotate in the air and it was necessary to have it hit the target with the tip, not the handle. He would have to adjust after he had figured out what distance was best for him, but this was supposed to be good for a start. He selected a knife from the box, which he had positioned in his lap. Slowly, methodically, he drew his arm back over his shoulder, over his head, and in slow motion tested out the movement he was supposed to make in order to throw it. He grasped the knife by the hilt, although the instructions said that advanced throwers might even hold it by the blade—certainly he was nowhere near that point, and he suspected he might end up cutting himself by accident. The motion was not all that complicated. Time to give it a try, he supposed. With a sigh, he drew the knife back over his shoulder again and brought his arm forward, this time fast, releasing the knife at the moment when his hand was pointing at the center target and allowing his arm to follow through with the motion down to his side. The knife twirled out of his hand, spinning in a circle to clang against the wall a couple feet from his cardboard target, not embedding itself in the wall (the angle was off after all) but slightly scratching it. It ricocheted back towards Eugene but at an angle, and ended up landing a few feet behind him and to the left. It had missed him by as much as it had missed the target, but its speed whizzing past still made him freeze for a moment. Okay. He'd known he might have to dodge ricochets. Time to get his head in the game. He rolled his wheelchair back a little further, hoping it would be a better distance from the target this time. Cocked his arm back, eyed the target. Threw. Completely missed again, and flinched when the ricochet came a bit closer than before. Another throw, and another, and another. Soon he had run out of knives (he hadn't thought he had tried so many times yet, but then it didn't take long to throw a knife, did it?) and had to gather them all up off the floor, which from the wheelchair was torture. All the bending. Perhaps he ought to call it quits and go back to his room and… …Do what? Reread The Picture of Dorian Gray for the seventieth time? Cursing Vincent, he readjusted his grip on the first knife out of the dozen and took aim. After a while, when he had figured out the correct distance and gotten over jumping at the clanging when the knives hit the wall and their ricochet back—and actually learned how to dodge fast enough to miss the few knives that almost did hit him, leaning away or scooting the wheelchair back—it became somewhat mindless. He got the motion down fast enough, even if his aim was still off, and his sense of timing was not bad, nor was his hand-eye coordination. It was not as satisfying as he had imagined to pretend the center of the target was Vincent's head, because he never actually managed to hit it and he had to imagine Vincent smirking condescendingly every time he missed. So much for getting out his frustration. Heck, he was barely even managing to make dents and scratches in the wall. It was satisfying in one way though. He loved the moment of releasing the knife, watching it spiral through the air, effortlessly flying. His own arm ended up beside his chair after the follow through, but a part of him felt like he flew with the knife, which before throwing it was something of an extension of his body. He hadn't felt weightless since a few days prior to the accident (if that was what he was calling it these days), the last time he had gone swimming. The only annoying thing was that he kept on having to pick all the knives up off the floor, and it was beginning to hurt his back. He could have chosen a hobby less frustrating, perhaps. But then, this wasn't supposed to be easy. It was supposed to keep him busy, and it managed that well enough. It had already kept him busy for two hours, and his arm was a bit tired. Resigning himself to taking a break (which really wasn't his style but he had gotten out of shape since losing the use of his legs and his athletic ambitions in one stroke)he raised his arm one more time to throw the last of his dozen knives, the weight of it now comfortable in his hand, the curves of its shape familiar. He brought his arm forward and threw. The knife lodged in the target. Well that was different. There were eleven throwing knives scattered around the floor and Eugene was going to have to pick them all up before taking his break, but first he wheeled over to the target and carefully removed the one knife that had stuck, remembering to wiggle it vertically as he pulled it out rather than horizontally. The target was left with a single mark, the only knife to hit it and stick while the wallpaper was scratched to pieces. Eugene gently touched the cardboard. Satisfying, he supposed. He hadn't expected to get it right so fast. /…/…/ He waited a few days before showing Vincent. Partly because he kind of worried about one of the knives ricocheting and hitting Vincent, who might not be able to dodge on time. Partly because he wanted to show Vincent once he could do it well, when he wasn't making so many mistakes, to show off. He had never been able to show Vincent how he could swim, and he wondered if Vincent really had gotten it through his head that Eugene was an Olympic level athlete. And then of course there was the fact that showing Vincent his new \"hobby\" was admitting that Vincent was right—he did need something more interesting to do with his time. Ultimately he relented and showed Vincent for three reasons. First, Vincent was clearly curious. A few times Eugene had been practicing while he was home and while he hadn't entered the room he had asked Eugene at dinner what exactly all the noise was. When Eugene had told him about the throwing knives, he had asked, actually asked, if he might see. Eugene had frowned and said he would have to think about it. Odd because Vincent rarely asked anything about Eugene. Generally they both just accepted that Eugene was the one who faded into the background, who lived through hearing about Vincent's life but did little of his own, had little of his own worth hearing about. Having Vincent ask about him was odd. Not exactly unpleasant, either. Second, Eugene was actually fairly good by now. His knives didn't always lodge, and they didn't always hit the target. But they nearly always did, and he was even beginning to get them to hit closer to the center of the target rather than the outer edge. So Eugene would probably look at least a bit impressive (even if knife throwing came nowhere near being an astronaut in accomplishments) and there was a lower chance of accidentally stabbing Vincent in the gut with a ricochet. Third, Vincent still refused to accept Eugene collecting any more samples, which at this point was getting ridiculous. So the next day, when Vincent came home in a fairly good mood because apparently he had talked to some woman named Irene who usually somewhat ignored him, Eugene waited until after dinner and then brought him into what he was now calling \"the knife room\". Vincent was hesitant at first. He stepped into the room as if he expected there to already be knives flying through it, even though Eugene wheeled in behind him and still had said knives in their box. He frowned at the utterly destroyed wallpaper (Eugene had stopped hitting it quite as much after the first two days, but sometimes threw his knife into the wall instead of the targets just for fun) and examined the targets close up, bringing his face within an inch of some of the gouges but not touching them. Eugene gave him permission to touch—it wasn't like Vincent's fingers could damage the cardboard beyond what the knives had already done—but he shook his head. \"Do you want to see me throw?\" Eugene said. Vincent nodded. He walked over to stand next to Eugene, and Eugene said, \"Be warned. Sometimes they ricochet.\" \"I'll be careful,\" Vincent said. He stepped even closer to Eugene's wheelchair. Eugene rolled his eyes and pulled out the first knife. He held it over his lap for a minute, letting his hand remember its weight. He hadn't thrown knives for long today, reading a magazine that had come in the mail instead of training without ceasing. In front of Vincent, though, he knew he wouldn't mess up. He wanted this to be perfect. \"Well, here I go.\" The first knife lodged itself in the edge of the target. Eugene glanced up to see Vincent watching him intently as he reached for the second knife. He smiled as he threw. This one came a little closer to the center. Vincent's eyes were now fixed on the target, and never once left it as Eugene rapidly threw the other ten knives. They all stuck (he knew the right distance now, no more ricochets to scare Vincent off) but two ended up embedded in the wall near the target rather than on the target itself. One of those two was the last one he threw. With a sigh, he said, \"I suppose I won't be winning any competitions.\" Vincent laughed. \"Do you want me to help you get them out?\" he said. But he was already walking over to the target and reaching for the knives. Eugene shrugged—it was easy enough to pick up the knives as long as they stuck, but as long as Vincent wiggled them vertically and didn't damage either the target or the knives, he didn't really care. And Vincent seemed to be doing okay. He demonstrated another round of throwing when Vincent reclaimed his position at his side, and this time all the knives embedded themselves in the target. He had redeemed himself. Vincent insisted on helping take out the knives again, and this time when he handed them to Eugene, Eugene pressed one of them back into his hand. He looked at it in confusion. \"Go on. Give it a try,\" Eugene said. Vincent laughed. \"I wouldn't even know how to hold it.\" \"Oh, come on.\" Eugene took Vincent's hand and wrapped it around the hilt of the knife in the correct position. \"Easy enough.\" \"Sure.\" \"Now throw.\" With a deep breath, Vincent drew his arm back over his head and did just that. The knife bounced against the wall, having hit by the handle, and came ricocheting back at them, landing on the other side of Eugene after missing him by about a foot. Vincent, who had jerked Eugene's wheelchair to the side when he saw it coming, even though Eugene could tell it wasn't too near, now released both the wheelchair and his breath. \"Sorry,\" he said. Eugene shrugged. \"It's scary the first time you do it.\" He didn't appreciate having his wheelchair manhandled like that but he could deal with it. \"I almost impaled you!\" Vincent said. Eugene laughed. \"I've come closer to impaling myself. Here.\" He pressed another knife, by the hilt of course, into Vincent's hand. \"Give it another go.\" Vincent shook his head. Eugene gave his wrist a squeeze and nodded encouragingly. Vincent sighed. \"Fine.\" With encouragement from Eugene, he threw a solid dozen, all of which ricocheted, making him wince. He missed by more than Eugene had initially, and he freaked out a bit more too, but honestly Eugene thought he was doing pretty well. After he had gathered the dozen back up, though, he didn't want to try again. \"Seriously,\" Vincent said. \"I'm going to end up hitting one of us.\" \"You'll be fine. Mine originally bounced off too.\" Vincent shrugged. \"It's not really my thing. I'm not sure I have an eye for it.\" \"You're Jerome Morrow. Of course you have an eye for it.\" \"Eugene, your logic doesn't work.\" \"You're wearing contacts so you still have my eyes.\" \"You're ridiculous,\" Vincent said. But he was grinning. \"Fine, I'll give it another go.\" Eugene managed to keep him at it for another hour, although Vincent needed to take occasional breaks. It was fun, he supposed. He and Vincent really didn't do all that much together, when he thought about it. They worked on equipping Vincent for his job, ate meals, got drunk and once in a while even played chess or cards (when they were really and truly bored) but they never did anything terribly fun. It was nice. He liked coaching Vincent on what he was doing wrong—entirely apart from his aim, he didn't move his arm right and his distance was off—and demonstrating how to do it right. Vincent took his advice seriously, although he didn't manage to follow it. It was nice. Over the next few days he returned to gathering samples for Vincent, who had capitulated and said Eugene seemed to be doing fine, but he still continued to practice with the knives. Now he never missed the target anymore. He didn't always hit the center, but he never missed the target unless it was on purpose. He needed to replace the cardboard, so gouged that chunks were sprinkled on the floor in front of it and the knives could barely stick in the mutilated area near the center anymore. But there was still plenty of cardboard lying around the house and it was no particular bother. Vincent did agree to practice throwing knives with him once or twice, but he was still terrible. Eugene kept on telling him he would improve, but it was beginning to look like a doubtful prospect. Eugene himself had begun to work on throwing knives while holding them by the blade. It required a different distance from the target in order to stick, but he found it did indeed make for a quicker draw, and it was a novelty. He also began to throw the knives at angles, to the side as well as straight in front of him. Anything for a challenge. Perhaps the fact that he now held the knives by the blade creeped Vincent out. He flinched sometimes when Eugene threw them, but he was beginning to adjust to the fact that Eugene's knives stuck to the target, went where he wanted them to. They weren't going to ricochet and hit Vincent in the face. One day the next week, when Vincent had given up on throwing knives and was now sitting in a corner of the knife room reading a book while Eugene pulled his knives out of the target, Vincent looked up from his book for a moment and said, \"Did you really first start doing this a week ago?\" Eugene made some mental calculations. \"Yes.\" Vincent whistled and returned to his reading. \"What?\" Eugene said. \"Nothing,\" Vincent said. \"Just an impressive learning curve.\" He awkwardly gave a thumbs up without looking away from his book. \"I put a lot of time in,\" Eugene said. \"Hours every day. Because someone wouldn't let me do my actual work.\" Vincent finally did look up now, if only to roll his eyes. \"Sure. Lots of work. Over the course of a week.\" \"It's not like I'm not still learning,\" Eugene insisted. \"Besides, I'm only using basic knives. You can also use knives of different weights, knives with two blades, throwing needles, throwing stars…\" He trailed off. \"They do cost money, but not all that much. I've already ordered the needles. They seemed the most different.\" \"Cool,\" Vincent said. \"I didn't learn that quickly,\" Eugene said. \"My knives were constantly missing and ricocheting too. For a while.\" Vincent nodded but it was plain Eugene had lost his attention. /…/…/ Needle throwing was harder than knife throwing, and less satisfying because the needles were lighter. It took Eugene another week to master it, while he improved his accuracy with the knives. He could hit any target he set up in the room with any of his knives (and he had gotten a few heavier knives in the mail) and any of the needles. Any point on the target, even the smallest line drawn in pen. Easy. He didn't tell Vincent about the achievement. Vincent didn't ask. He had stopped visiting the knife room, content that Eugene was amusing himself. Perhaps he would have been impressed that Eugene could now throw the knives while barely looking, eyes half closed, far too familiar with the targets, with the layout of the room. Perhaps not. Maybe Vincent was right and it was odd, the way Eugene had grown accustomed to the knives so quickly. They felt like they were part of his body now, extensions of his arm. Familiar to him, now, and in their familiarity… Boring. It was still a workout, he supposed. More interesting than doing pushups or sit-ups to keep in shape, or lifting weights. There was a bit of a burn if he threw for long enough. And the exactitude was satisfying in a way. He tried to forget how much more interesting it had been when he had flinched at every ricochet. One day when Vincent wasn't home yet, and wouldn't be for another hour or so, he stopped throwing his knives to rest. He was getting a bit tired, perhaps, though the slowly approaching fatigue had not yet affected his accuracy. He wanted a cool drink, but he had forgotten his water bottle. Foolish. He wheeled out to the basement kitchen—yes, there was a separate kitchen in the basement, though after realizing that Vincent was a lot better than him at cooking Eugene had mostly stopped using it except for the refridgerator—getting himself a glass and heading towards the sink. He filled his glass with water and took a sip. It had been a boring day. Vincent was right; his life really was very monotonous, and the knife throwing was hardly helping anymore. Get up, breakfast, wish Vincent a good day at work, exfoliate, draw blood if it was the right day for it, brush as much hair out as possible, lunch, knife throwing, knife throwing, knife throwing… And now a glass of bland water. Eugene sighed. He poured the rest of the water out in the sink and headed to the refrigerator. If nothing else was going to spice up his day, it would have to be vodka. He had no particular desire to continue throwing knives right now anyway. Vincent would get annoyed at him for drinking so early in the day, but so what? Vincent was a navigator at Gattaca. Vincent didn't have to spend all day in this dull, sterile basement, chipping off skin and making new scratches in the walls of the knife room. The vodka burned going down, but that was familiar too, as was the sensation, two glasses later, of his mind beginning to loosen up, perhaps fizzle a bit at the edges. He sighed. Perhaps that was what was wrong with him—he hadn't had a good drink in days, only a small amount of wine at dinner with Vincent. Sometimes he forgot. Drinking was fun. He took the bottle of vodka back with him to the knife room and picked up the knives. They looked a bit more amusing now that he had had a little to drink. He tossed one straight up and caught it coming down. Tossed it, caught it. Repeat. Repeat. He caught it by the blade and sent it hurtling towards the target. It hit dead center. He threw again, and again, and again, and again, and again, until he had run out of knives. They hadn't all hit dead center, but only because he had been aiming at different places—didn't want to get the bull's-eye too crowded. They had all stuck where he wanted them to. He took a swig of the vodka. Collected the knives. Again. He didn't miss. He threw all by the blade, unwilling to make it easier on himself. He didn't miss. He took two gulps of vodka this time. Again. He didn't miss. It felt like fate, the knowledge that no matter how little attention he paid to the throw, no matter how much alcohol he had just ingested or how little he even tried, those knives would always end up where he wanted them to. He was their god. He was perfection. He lifted the bottle of vodka and discovered it was empty. It figured. He had collected the knives for maybe the twelfth time (fifteenth time, hundredth time, millionth time, what difference did it make?) when the door to the knife room opened and Vincent walked in. \"Hi, Eugene.\" \"Hello, Jerome.\" His voice came out breathy and he realized he was laughing, unsure when he had started. He took a deep breath and let the laughter die. \"Been throwing for a while?\" Vincent said. His voice was too even, trying not to show emotion. As if Eugene couldn't already feel his judgment, hadn't felt it from the moment he walked into the room. \"Years.\" Vincent picked up the bottle of vodka that Eugene had left lying on the ground next to the wall on his right. \"You're drunk.\" \"Only a little.\" \"You shouldn't be throwing knives when you're drunk.\" Lazily, Eugene drew his arm back and hurled another one at the center target. It hit the edge on the far left. \"Your aim is off,\" Vincent said. \"No,\" Eugene said. \"I meant to do that.\" He sighed. \"What you don't understand, Jerome, is that I am a god.\" \"Mhm,\" Vincent said. \"Maybe you should put the knives down.\" \"It's been a dull day.\" \"So you needed to drink.\" Eugene glared at Vincent. \"Stop acting like I'm an alcoholic. I'm perfectly capable of making my own choices. I was bored.\" \"Put the knives down,\" Vincent repeated. \"We can talk about this outside.\" Eugene rolled his eyes, lifted a knife and hurled it at the wall to his right. It lodged two inches to the left of Vincent's head. Vincent froze. Then, shaking himself, he stalked over to Eugene and grabbed his hand, cocked to throw another knife. \"Eugene.\" \"Don't get hissy. I meant to miss.\" The knife had hit the exact notch in the wall Eugene had been aiming for. \"Drop the knife.\" \"Fine.\" Eugene let the knife fall with a clatter to the ground and leaned back in his chair while Vincent grabbed the rest of the knives off his lap. Vincent always overreacted, but this had gotten boring anyway. There was no point in starting a fight. \"We need to talk.\" \"Hm. No.\" \"You can't be throwing knives while drunk!\" \"I think the point is that I can,\" Eugene said. But then, Vincent never did get the point. Eugene was willing to explain it to him. \"I could do it drunk, blind, probably in my sleep. It's been only two weeks. Why is everything so easy?\" Vincent had put the knives back in their box. \"Fine. We can talk later.\" He never listened. /…/…/ They did, in fact, talk later. Eugene said, the next morning, \"I think I'm done with throwing knives.\" \"I think that's a good idea,\" Vincent said. \"Maybe something less dangerous.\" Eugene laughed. \"Come on. They weren't dangerous. Just boring.\" \"You threw a knife at my head.\" Eugene ignored him. \"They aren't satisfying anymore. They're just dull.\" At least collecting samples gave him some sort of satisfaction—he knew it helped Vincent. And he had gotten some marginal level of satisfaction from throwing knives initially, when his skills had slowly improved. Satisfaction, he thought, came from progress, came from getting better, came from your effort meaning something at the end of the day. It was a rare bird. He felt it regularly in helping Vincent, but before the \"accident\" it had been rather lacking from his life. He was meant to be an athlete, genetically, not take up some intellectual job like Vincent was trying for now, whatever Gattaca might think. Physical activity, what his body was meant for, should have been satisfying. It hadn't been, except for swimming. Sometimes he wondered why swimming used to be different, used to fill in his gaps and give him purpose and thrill him with its challenge. Sometimes he wondered why that had changed. Pointless ponderings. The practical fact was, throwing knives was not thrilling. There was no point in continuing anymore. \"Whatever you say,\" Vincent said with his typical awkward laugh. \"As long as you don't try to murder me again, I'm fine.\" \"Seriously. It came nowhere near you.\" \"It came within an inch.\" \"It was never going to hit.\" \"We'll agree to disagree,\" Vincent said. He cleared his throat. \"So what are you going to do now?\" \"Collect samples. Pay bills. Do the laundry. If you'd let me cook…\" \"You know what I mean. Just because knife throwing doesn't do it for you doesn't mean nothing will. A new hobby,\" Vincent said firmly. \"I'm sure there's something.\" Eugene rolled his eyes. \"Perhaps I'll take up knitting.\" Vincent raised an eyebrow. \"Are you judging me for how I choose to spend my time?\" Eugene said haughtily. \"At the very least, you can't say it's dangerous.\" \"No, no. Whatever you want,\" Vincent said. \"Maybe you can make me a hat.\" Vincent was an idiot. Still, perhaps it was best to continue trying to find some sort of pastime that would keep him distracted for a while. Knitting would do for a while—it looked hard enough and it would be a good way to mess with Vincent. And perhaps one day he would be able to swim again, even if he would not be able to do it so well without his legs. Someday he would get up the courage to make Vincent get a gym membership somewhere they didn't check your identity genetically, somewhere he could swim with no one knowing who he was. And perhaps he would be able to recover the peace and satisfaction he knew he had once felt. /.../.../ /.../.../ AN: So this story has a bit of a backstory. Having watched Gattaca with a few friends, we were discussing fanfiction ideas. My girl friends suggested a fic where Eugene learned how to knit; my guy friend looked skeptical. I said, \"Fine, what would you rather have a fanfic about?\" He said, \"Eugene throwing knives.\" I'm pretty sure he meant it as a joke. Like 99% sure. Oh well though. You should be careful what you wish for. Anyways, reviews are always appreciated and happy writing! ","Summary":" Apparently Vincent thought he could tell Eugene what to do. \"Eugene,\" he said, one Saturday after"},{"Movie":"Gattaca","Title":"Metronome","Author":"Collie Parkillo","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10950102","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Ba-bump. Ba-bump. Ba-bump. Vincent stirs, the bedsheets rustling around his legs. They cover the scars on his calves. He remembers the first night he slept with these legs and had stared at his feet, which now reached end of the bed, feeling something was just off. Jerome's-Eugene's. Oh, who is he kidding? At night Vincent can shed Jerome Morrow and return him to his rightful owner.-tanner, thicker legs lie beside his own. The same size right down to a millimeter. Ba-bump. Ba-bump. Ba-bump. The bright red numbers on the digital clock beside the bed read 2:30. Vincent's mind is hazy and sleep-filled. Jerome's chest is warm beneath his head. His breaths are even, but they're heavy enough to constitute snores. If Vincent squints he can make out slits of light purple dusk between the blinds. Ba-bump. Ba-bump. Ba-bump It's like a drum. A metronome. A ticking clock. But it isn't any of those things. It's Jerome. Not the golden boy Jerome Morrow the space station knows, but a crippled man whose heart did not become crippled with the rest of him. Ba-bump. Ba-bump. Ba-bump. Vincent can feel his own heartbeat in his ears; a broken, irregular thing without the recording the exercise machines know so well to replace it. You gave me your heart, Eugene, he thinks, a strange two in the morning smile making its way onto his features, and drifts back to sleep. ","Summary":" Ba-bump. Ba-bump. Ba-bump. Vincent stirs, the bedsheets rustling around his legs. They cover the sc"},{"Movie":"Gattaca","Title":"gemes","Author":"crashmypartyhard","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10365415","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \"You know, I wasn't drunk,\" he says, softly, tilting his head to the other man, whose face is morphed into a close replica of his own. He establishes eye contact and doesn't break it. The other man, calling himself Jerome, though not really Jerome, shifts the other farther up the bed, pulling drunken, lethargic weight coupled with dead legs. \"What d'you mean you weren't drunk?\" he asks, curious. He's dressed in a sharp suit, wrinkled slightly from the night's events. He feels stiff, tired. Eugene, the real Jerome, though calling himself by his middle name, keeps eye contact through half-lidded, tired eyes. \"When I walked in front of that car.\" There's a matter-of-fact, oh-you-should-know-this tone to his voice. It worries Jerome, even though he knows that tone is present nearly all of the time, and his eyebrows point hesitantly downwards, unprepared for the reply. His hands smooth out Eugene's clothing, a suit similar to his own. \"What car?\" he asks. \"I stepped right out in front of it…\" Eugene trails off, eyes flickering to the ceiling, and then back to Jerome's as he says, slower and quieter, now, \"Never been more sober in my life.\" There's a pause, filled with tension and realization. The replica's breath is caught in his throat, and he forces a reply, breaking the silence. \"Go to sleep,\" He commands. \"Couldn't even get that right, could I?\" Eugene asks, more to himself. Bitterness laces his voice like salt on a martini glass. He sees the disinterest and annoyance start to creep into Jerome's movements and expression and reaches out with his right arm and pulls him closer by the collar. \"If at first you don't succeed…try, try again.\" It could've been a hiss, but instead Eugene's voice decrescendos to a whisper. His hand slackens and it falls across his chest as Jerome commands, yet again, \"Go to sleep.\" Instead of doing what is asked, Eugene locks his fingers around the knot of Jerome's tie and pulls him close—closer this time, and Jerome flinches in surprise, suddenly avoiding eye contact. Eugene looks him over with his eyes, silent for a few select seconds. He's vying for his attention, staring at his eyes and hoping they'll glance up and meet his. Finally, they do. \"I'm proud of you, Vincent.\" He slackens again and lays his head back on the pillow beneath his head. His arm splays across his chest. He called him by his birth name. His God-Child name. The one he abandoned in pursuit of the stars. Jerome replies with a remark similar of the kind Eugene would make: \"You must be drunk to call me Vincent.\" A small smile tugs at the left side of his mouth. Eugene doesn't smirk as he normally would, but instead stares intently into the eyes less prettier than his. He reaches up towards them and his hand is suddenly cupping Vincent's— Jerome's —face. He runs his thumb across his eyelashes. Eyes dilate. Breath hitches. Jerome- Vincent? —doesn't break eye contact. He freezes, undecided. Eugene's hand floats away from his face and slowly hovers down to the other man's tie. His face is pulled closer, and Eugene lifts his head from his pillow, their lips brushing. His breath is trapped in his throat, and he allows some to escape when he closes his eyes and presses his lips to Vincent's. It's Vincent this time. He hasn't fallen in love with himself . God, no. He hates his own image because it's the image of failure. Of a silver medal. Of a broken back. Eugene pulls away and holds in his breath. Their lips are slightly parted and he's afraid to make eye contact. But after what feels like a millennia, his eyes lift to Vincent's like a rocketship to the stars. My eyes are still prettier. Both their eyes close and they seal it with another kiss. Instead of wrapped around the knot of Vincent's tie, Eugene's hands are clutching the back of his neck. Soon the other joins, slipping down to frame his face and clutch his jawline, pulling him closer. Vincent's hands are on either side of Eugene's head, slowly intertwining into his hair. Eugene doesn't know how much he needs love other than what can be bought. He's desperate, wanting to be closer and closer to Vincent. The heel of his hands rests on Vincent's neck, and he feels the pulse ten-thousand beats overdue arc high. When Vincent's hands curl in his hair, each and every follicle stands on end, electrically charged. He feels lovely. He feels as close to happy as he's ever been. For once, he can feel something. And he can feel it even through a haze of booze and cigarettes. Vincent doesn't know what to think or do, but he knows he can feel his pulse pounding, blood growing hot, coursing through his veins. Flashes of Eugene's face appear, the fascination from when he asked what Titan was like this time of year and he got an answer less than expected; the long gaze they shared when Eugene engulfed a whole glass of wine like you would a can of beer. Small things. Unnoticeable to others, but pure gold to him. Eugene—no, Jerome —is gold . The silver medal he keeps in his inner jacket pocket is only a piece of metal—no matter what he will try to say to make you think otherwise, it has no effect on Vincent. He can feel Jerome, Jerome, the metronome's heartbeat against his own, wrists against neck. He feels alive, he knows he's alive, even after ten-thousand overdue heartbeats. After they pull away from each other, Jerome wraps his arms around Vincent, brow furrowed and head tucked underneath the other man's chin. He opens his eyes when he feels Vincent's hand on his face. He lifts his head to make eye contact, worry shining in his eyes. \"I don't want you to leave,\" he whispers. \"I know.\" Vincent says. His fingertips brush the side of Jerome's face. \"You're golden, you know that?\" he whispers, allowing a small smile to spread across his face. Jerome closes his eyes, laughing softly and shaking his head. ","Summary":" \"You know, I wasn't drunk,\" he says, softly, tilting his head to the other man, whose face is mor"},{"Movie":"Gattaca","Title":"Il avait un Rêve","Author":"J.H.Laivel","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9901180","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hello! Voici ma première fanfiction sur ce magnifique film que j'ai vu il n'y a pas longtemps. J'ai eu des réflexions sur ce que j'ai vu, et voilà ce qu'il en est sorti. C'est du point de vue du vrai Jérôme, veuillez d'ailleurs m'excuser s'il est un peu OOC! Gattaca et ses personnages ne m'appartiennent pas! Je vous souhaite une bonne lecture (: Gattaca, une ville magnifique et plus évoluée qu'aucune autre ville ne l'était. Aucune ville ne l'égalait. Gattaca, une ville prison pour la plupart, une ville de rêve et d'avancements pour la majorité restante. Mais l'avancement, dans cette ville à l'aspect peu enclin à la joie et à l'amusement, ne s'obtenait pas par de bonnes qualités. Sous ses airs de belle ville sérieuse abritant les travailleurs les plus qualifiés, Gattaca cachait un secret. Ce n'était même pas un secret, d'ailleurs. Tout sauf un secret. Le monde entier savait, et le monde entier approuvait. Jérôme, du bas de sa fenêtre, assis avec lassitude sur son éternel fauteuil roulant, se faisait des réflexions sur l'évolution de la vie dans un monde aussi hostile. Il en venait surtout à penser aux personnes qui n'avaient pas la chance d'avoir ce qu'il avait, ce que d'autres avaient. On appelait ces personnes des 'non-valides' parce qu'ils n'étaient pas nés selon les convenances de cette nouvelle époque. Ici, dans ce nouveau monde rempli de technologies nouvelles, les enfants naissaient avec des gênes prédéterminés. Ils ne devaient pas s'éloigner de leur destinée sous peine de perdre tout ce qu'ils avaient. Jérôme était l'un de ces enfants chanceux qui avaient le droit d'accéder à tous les métiers de la société, mais il s'était éloigné de son but. En fait, il ne s'en était pas éloigné. Il avait provoqué cette dislocation avec son destin déjà tout tracé. Il avait été destiné à être champion de natation, et à aller très loin dans son métier sportif, mais l'observation de la vie lui avait appris qu'il pouvait aussi changer son futur. Et voilà que désormais, son futur était bien changé. D'autres l'auraient plaint de ne plus pouvoir marcher, mais lui, lui, il ne se plaignait pas. Il aimait même cette sensation d'être normal, d'être faible. Et il n'était pas seul à être soulagé d'avoir des différences, même si la méthode de sa naissance n'était pas celle de celui avec qui il partageait désormais sa vie. Il s'appelait Vincent, ce jeune invalide. Et il avait un rêve que Jérôme ne pourrait pas réaliser pour lui-même, mais qu'il pouvait réaliser pour ce petit employé de ménage. Et il lui avait cédé son identité, son sang, tout. Et aujourd'hui, Jérôme, renommé Eugène, s'entendait parfaitement avec sa doublure qui, il devait bien l'avouer, était bien mieux que lui. Plus déterminé, plus fort, ce n'était même pas une question de sang ou de naissance naturelle ou non. Vincent était sa copie parfaite. Il n'était même plus une copie, il était l'œuvre ultime qui, malgré son 'handicap', avait réussi à graveler tous les échelons. Jérôme, le vrai, était fier de lui, tout simplement. Sa lassitude disparut rapidement lorsqu'il vit une nouvelle fusée décoller. Voilà le rêve de Vincent : aller dans l'Espace. Et Jérôme le regarderait faire avec joie avant de lui laisser définitivement sa place. Au diable Gattaca et toutes ces règles de naissance génétiquement modifiée, génétiquement sélectionnée. Très court, mais j'espère qu'il vous aura plu! ","Summary":" Hello! Voici ma première fanfiction sur ce magnifique film que j'ai vu il n'y a pas longtemps. J'ai"},{"Movie":"Gattaca","Title":"Drunk on Moonlight","Author":"Derasio","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9373666","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Drunk on Moonlight Silver light filtered through a bottle of clear liquor, covering the table and wall with refracted light. It swirled on the ceiling when a dark-haired man picked it up and took a swig. He looked up through a thin window where the light oozed through, and wrote something else down on his paper. Taking another swig of vodka, he watched as the light illuminated part of the dark spiral stairs, writing something else down. His writing was gentle, so unlike his usual personality, more as if he were writing poetry for a lover. Bringing the bottled moonlight with, the turned around and stared the moonlight straight in the face. He squinted. Normally no one was supposed to do that, but he was defiant by nature and perfect by science. Nothing, especially moonlight, should be able to beat him; make him less able to excel at life. ","Summary":" Drunk on Moonlight Silver light filtered through a bottle of clear liquor, covering the table and w"},{"Movie":"Gattaca","Title":"make me into gold","Author":"Exceeds Expectations","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9577799","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: Haven't seen the film in a while, but I couldn't get this out of my head. Sorry for any mistakes! You are Jerome – Eugene , you're Eugene because he, he is Jerome Morrow now, isn't he? (No, no, he's Vincent, he's – ) \"Jerome,\" you whisper, and it's never felt right, has it? To say your own name, to see someone trying to hold it up like validation, like a key to somewhere far, far from here. But he wears your name around his neck like a badge of honour, and you slick your hands across thin wheels and want to kick him for it but can't. So you move the only limbs you have left and you raise that bottle to your lips and you drink and drink and drink until you forget who you are and who you're not and the world brightens as it darkens now, doesn't it? Jerome speaks. He says stop and why are you doing this and you're killing yourself and I need samples, Eugene and you're a disaster, did you know that ? You look into those eyes that look like yours even though they shouldn't, that face that passes for yours even though it isn't, and you spit some dry remark or some witty comeback and he sighs in frustration. You're killing yourself. You know this. And he's there, the new Jerome, with his perfect smile and his fucking dedication and that drive that you never really had. He works his fingers to the bone, works his bones down to ash, works that ash into smoke that twists in the wind all the way up to the sky he's so desperate to reach. What do you do, Eugene? You sit there. You turn your blood into vodka and your tears into laughter. The bottle fits in your hands the way trophies should, but you're secretly just as proud of this. You're an escapee; you're no perfect genetic specimen with the perfect life and the perfect everything. You're a fucking disaster, everything your genes say you couldn't be, and that doesn't even hurt coming from the new (fake) Jerome. He wears grey suits and white smiles, and he belongs in this world so much more than you do. You see that now. Success never did suit you. It looks heavenly on the new (real) Jerome. ( Fucking disaster. ) So go on, then. Do it. Climb up into that furnace, haul your broken body into the flames and burn, you miserable little shit. And when your blood begins to boil, when your skin starts to bubble and melt, when you're screaming in pain and praying for death...will you finally admit it then? That you love him? That you need him and you'd miss him and you love him, for fuck's sake, and you know he doesn't need you, nobody needs you, the world doesn't need you and why should Eugene stay around when Jerome is already reaching the stars? Why should he get to go out in a blaze of glory without you? You were always second best - silver medalist, the golden boy gone wrong - but you never thought you'd be second best at being you. And you never thought you would love the man who made you into something more - and, at the same time, made you into nothing. You never thought you'd burn like this - from the inside out. ","Summary":" A/N: Haven't seen the film in a while, but I couldn't get this out of my head. Sorry for any mistak"},{"Movie":"Gattaca","Title":"A Reason To Stay","Author":"TreasureHunterGirl","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12676123","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A Reason To Stay Vincent's hand hovered over the finger pad of one of the Gattaca entry points. He considered lowering it for quite some time, but he didn't. There was something bothering him. It was something about the look Eugene had given him in that last lingering gaze... That's it! It hit him hard; the realisation. What had been a \"see you again\" for Vincent had been a \"good bye\" for Eugene. That look had indeed been the last they would share and not because Eugene was planning on travelling but because he was planning something much more. Something much more final. The vomit came quickly, and Vincent retreated from the turnstile, not making it very far before throwing up all over the floor. He had a strange thought that once upon a time it would have been him who would have to clean it up. But that was not the case anymore, and he had Eugene to thank for that. He hesitated as his shallow breaths deepened. Should he go or stay? He was closer than he'd ever been to living his dream and now that it was within his grasp he didn't want to take hold of it. Things had changed, he'd changed. The reason he'd wanted to go was not to prove he was good enough but because he had no reason to stay. He was alone in the world or at least, had been, now he had someone and that someone was Eugene... Eugene was just lowering his silver medal over his head when the door burst open. His bitter last moment reflections of being second best interrupted by the noise of shallow panicked breathing and the sight of Vincent's incredibly blue eyes. Those eyes forged not by a carefully chosen genetic sequence but by fate, and they were perfect. \"What are you doing here?\" he asked, half annoyed and half glad that Vincent had stopped him from finally succeeding. \"I couldn't go,\" gasped Vincent. \"I couldn't leave you.\" The words although not undesired were unexpected. Eugene had undoubtedly grown to love Vincent, his only friend and companion, but it was strange to hear the words from Vincent's mouth. An indication that perhaps Eugene hadn't been second best to Vincent's space mission, or even to Irene. He brushed the thoughts aside, God knows he spent too much time with his thoughts. xxx Twenty four hours later the tension in the air between the two Jerome's was heavy. It had seemed the right thing to do when Vincent had abandoned his dream and stopped Eugene only moments before he ignited himself. Now, reality was setting in and Vincent guiltily wondered if he had done the right thing. Eugene was one of those unhappy souls that didn't fit anywhere and never would. He'd spent too long being resentful and bitter; the damage to himself was done. Or was it? He'd definitely changed in the time between when Vincent first met him and now. He'd gained a sort of purpose in the lending of his ladder, or perhaps giving it, to Vincent, and seemed to have thrived on it. Maybe he'd really believed in the dream as much as Vincent had. Vincent was sitting in a chair opposite Eugene at the table, his fork lingered over his barely touched meal. He glanced up to find Eugene staring at him, a hateful look upon his countenance but the emotion fell short of his eyes. \"Why'd you stop me?\" asked Eugene, abandoning his efforts to look bitter. Vincent didn't answer for a moment. \"I couldn't let you,\" he finally uttered. \"I wasn't ready to say good bye.\" \"You weren't ready?\" spat Eugene indignantly. \"You were flying to the bloody moon and you weren't ready to say good bye?\" \"Well I didn't fly anywhere, did I?\" returned Vincent defensively. \"No,\" agreed Eugene bitterly. \"You didn't.\" xxx Eugene had fallen into one of his depressions that caused him to drink more than usual. He kept to himself and caused Vincent to question his decision more than ever but the question wasn't if he should have gone to Titan, it was if he should have let Eugene succeed. Having no answer to this question, Vincent resorted to what had always provided a refuge for him; science. He decided to study, anything and everything he could get his hands on and it was through this that he made an unexpected discovery. A paper written by a professor of medicine had made several breakthroughs on the path to spinal injury treatment. As Vincent read through the professor's theory his imagination was ignited with thoughts of Eugene. It all seemed too good to be true. A process to engineer a synthetic spinal cord to be fused to where the broken or damaged one was within the patient which would then mimic the genetic code it was attached to and produce new growth, effectively growing a new section of spine within the patient themselves, was in the very early stages of development with a few failed tests the only result. The ground work however seemed sound to Vincent. He hit the back button on his internet browser, looking for the source and hopefully contact details of the author. His heart sank however when he found what he was looking for. The paper had been published posthumously. The professor was dead and so was the project with him. All funding and personnel had been pulled with the citation that the research was entirely theoretical and a successful result could not be achieved in reality. At this point, Vincent heard the familiar sound of Eugene's wheelchair and snapping the laptop shut he spun around in his chair to face the direction of his friend. \"What are you doing?\" asked Eugene moodily. \"Research,\" replied Vincent simply. \"Why?\" questioned Eugene. \"Shouldn't you be getting back to Gattaca? I'm sure they are wondering where you are by now.\" \"I can't go back there,\" said Vincent. xxx It went on like that for months. It was like when they first started the process of lending Eugene's ladder to Vincent. Eugene would sulk around the house throwing Vincent disgusted, condescending looks and drink a lot. Vincent understood that it was just Eugene's way of dealing with the disappointment of not having realised his dream, their dream, Jerome's dream. But couldn't Eugene see that Vincent had a new dream; a dream that could truly belong to both of them, and could be realised. Naturally Vincent turned to his research for comfort. It had always been the one thing he could rely on. This time however it was more important than ever that he succeed. xxx \"Are you still playing with those silly little rodents?\" asked Eugene moodily as he wheeled into Vincent's lab. It had been six months since Vincent didn't fly to Titan. Eugene's disdain was weakened and his curiosity strengthening. His spite was fully in tact. Vincent had not revealed what he was working on. He wanted to make sure he could actually pull it off before giving his friend any hope of walking again. \"They're the best company around here,\" replied Vincent, a small smile appearing on his face. \"You're hilarious,\" said Eugene. \"What are you doing with them?\" \"Experiments.\" \"What sort of experiments?\" \"Science ones.\" Vincent was being deliberately annoying. It worked; Eugene huffed, threw him a dirty look, and wheeled away. xxx Despite the fact that every evening the atmosphere at dinner was icy to say the least, Vincent and Eugene both insisted on sitting together at the table to eat it. Both too stubborn to let the other enjoy the time by themselves. \"What are you working on?\" Eugene demanded sulkily. \"What has you locked away all day and night in that lab?\" Vincent couldn't take it anymore. \"You,\" he answered without looking up. \"Me?\" asked Eugene viciously. \"Yes, you!\" Vincent fired back, raising his voice. \"I'm working on a cure!\" \"A cure? For what?\" He wheeled his chair backwards a couple of feet. \"Not pigheadedness unfortunately!\" \"How dare you! You can't cure me! There is no cure.\" \"There will be!\" \"No there won't Jerome! Why are you still here?\" \"Oh again with the Jerome crap! Jerome may as well have flown to Titan for all I care! I'm done with him and that part of my life!\" \"Well I'm not! It was your dream... It was our dream!\" Eugene swung his chair around and wheeled away. \"Don't come near me!\" he called as he stormed away. \"I wouldn't dream of it,\" muttered Vincent. xxx Three months to the day since their last meal together Vincent dotted the last \"i\" and crossed the last \"t\" on his complete paper. He gazed at the white rat, whose spinal cord he'd damaged and successfully repaired, run past in its transparent plastic tubing. A serenity he'd not felt before fell upon him. \"It was successful,\" he said quietly. Eugene was outside, looking up into the sky, his back to Vincent. He didn't react. Vincent walked up beside him, and put his hand on his shoulder. \"Once the procedure is performed it will take time, therapy and hard work but you will walk again.\" Eugene's hand reached up and rested on Vincent's. When he looked up to his friend his eyes were calm and glassy. xxx When the time came for Eugene's operation he was strangely calm. He saw the outcome as a win no matter what. If the procedure was successful, he would walk again. If it failed he'd finally be at peace. Vincent never would have suspected that Eugene was quietly doubting the former and hoping for the latter. \"Are you ready?\" asked Vincent as he stood over Eugene in his blue scrubs, mask, gloves and glasses in place. Eugene fixed him with an intense gaze and nodded, taking in his final look at the only person in the world who loved him. \"You'll just feel a slight sting,\" said Vincent as he administered the anaesthetic. Eugene closed his eyes. xxx \"Eugene, you're just waking up, can you hear me, take it easy, everything went fine, we did it...\" Eugene opened his eyes what felt like a split second after he'd closed them. He could hear Vincent's voice. His vision took a moment to focus but he soon saw two blue eyes only inches from his own. \"Don't move yet,\" instructed Vincent straightening up and injecting something into the IV tube. \"You need to stay as still as possible for the next few hours.\" A sudden feeling of something hot on the back of his hand indicated that the substance was entering his body, and he at once felt light as a feather. xxx Weeks of intensively physical therapy followed which was unpleasant to the say the least for both parties. Eugene was stubborn and moody. Vincent was strict and relentless. Presently, Eugene clutched the parallel bars and inched his foot forward. Sweat poured from every part of his body and his shook with exertion. \"That's perfect, keep going,\" Vincent's encouragement only annoyed him. Why was he praising such slow and tedious progress. When he finally made it to the other end Vincent help him back into his chair, and handed him a towel. \"That's enough,\" gasped Eugene. \"No, we still have the pool to go today, then you can rest,\" countered Vincent. Eugene shot him a filthy look. \"Why are you still here?\" he asked again. \"You'd be on Titan by now...\" Vincent sighed. \"If you don't know by now, you never will.\" Eugene glared but the spite was finally wavering. Vincent took a breath, and knelt down next to Eugene. \"Don't you get it? You gave me everything I ever thought I wanted when you lent me your ladder...\" He paused. \"And you also gave me everything I actually wanted but didn't know about; everything I ever needed. Eugene, you were my reason to stay.\" Eugene's expression faltered. His usual sneer disappeared. Vincent stood, and looked away as time lapsed. The familiar creak of the wheelchair speeding off didn't reach his ears as he expected. \"And you were mine,\" was the reply that finally did. ","Summary":" A Reason To Stay Vincent's hand hovered over the finger pad of one of the Gattaca entry points. He "},{"Movie":"Gattaca","Title":"Aftermath","Author":"Terrandefender","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9862451","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Ok, this is a creative thingy I wrote back in year 9 for a certain assessment task after watching Gattaca. It is not perfect(even though my English teacher enjoyed it), and although I have made small changes and fixed many small mistakes I guarantee you there are still flaws. Reviews are welcome... Aftermath Police report, 28th of November This morning at 0800 hours, several officers find evidence at the house of Jerome Eugene Morrow(see attached file for profile) that a man has been killed within the incinerator. According to the fire department, the incinerator had not shut off for a prolonged period of time, thus triggering the fire alarm. Eugene is currently on a manned flight to Titan, and cannot be contacted at this point. At the present time, suicide is the only explanation, as the house security system has been shut down since Eugene's departure, although it is strangely odd as to why somebody would stage their suicide at another person's home. Further investigation pending. ***************************** I looked cautiously at the man sitting next to me, as if expecting him to pull out a knife. Of course, he won't actually do that. We have, after all, being friends for quite a while. By quite a while, I mean since the far off childhood days, those days that tend to spark up countless embarrassing memories. Yes, those days. Of course, there is a small difference between friend and good friend. I've known him since the final days of primary school, up till now, where we work as detectives, tackling various cases together. A month or so ago, there was this murder at Gattaca. After the two of us homed in on some in-valid who was the primary suspect, Anton told me that this was a personal matter, and told me to just let him handle it alone. We eventually claimed credit for the case through sheer luck, a sort of long story. Of course, after the case there were big arguments between us, about how we should listen more to each other than our instincts, that sort of crap. That argument may as well have undone 20 years of friendly relations between Anton and I. Now? Now Anton wants to investigate this incident at the house of some astronaut flying to the other end of the solar system. Something to do with an incinerator, even as I protested that we should take a break. Seriously, Anton has been in a furious state since his last case at Gattaca. I wonder what happened? *********************** Gattaca Solar observation post URGENT REPORT Time:0605 hours, 30th November A gigantic solar flare occurred this morning. Functional GOES have observed it to be a class B solar flare(see more here) 2056 probes in need of urgent repair Communication with ISS ceased for repair work Recommend cancelling of upcoming Moon flight due to lack of functional deep space communication Communications with Titan mission interrupted There wasn't much of a 'case' with the incinerator. The man who (presumably) committed suicide cannot be identified, as he is just a pile of ashes now. A small glob of recently melted silver has been found, but it's as useless as a fart in an elevator. That did not improve Anton's mood. I thought about asking him what happened, but, obviously, he would have none of my questions. Perhaps I should investigate that in-valid myself... ************************* Vincent Freeman... That was his name. A godchild(interesting), worked briefly at Gattaca as a... janitor? Fell of the grid shortly after. No further records. Strange. This invalid was basically a ghost. I might interview some people who previously knew him. Not sure if Anton would approve, but anyway... ********************** It was a massive solar flare. Truly one of the largest ever seen, definitely the largest in the decade, perhaps even the century. For the next 2 weeks, people at Gattaca would be driven to the point of insanity trying to restore order to not only their crippled communication and satellite system, but also the world's communication and electronic connectivity. This was no time to be worrying about some distant spaceship flying to a moon hundreds of million kilometres away. 15th December I figures that this 'Vincent' must of been good friends with Jerome. Not only were there hundreds of visits Vincent payed to Jerome, but there were also thousands of phone calls between them. Naturally, as a godchild, Vincent must've admired a successful person like Jerome. Perhaps Vincent wanted to be like him... Maybe that man who died in the incinerator was Vincent. Perhaps he killed himself in grief after knowing he might not be able to see Jerome again, as his expected lifetime was only 30 years, Jerome was on a half-decade mission, and Vincent's 'expiry date' was already long overdue. Classified For the eyes of the director of Gattaca only 15th of December Communications with the Titan mission was re-established this morning at 6a.m EST for a brief 5 minutes. It is with the greatest regret that I inform you that our dear comrade and friend Jerome Eugene Morrow has likely perished. Information is sketchy at the present time, but we do know that the solar flare has damaged a number of electronics aboard the ship. Jerome had recommended repairs and immediate return to Earth. During outside repair work, an incident occurred, causing Jerome to be propelled uncontrolled away from the ship at 4km/second. As the ship was in the asteroid belt, it is possible, though unlikely that Jerome's drift was stopped by an asteroid/debris, provided that he survives the impact. Rescue attempts are already underway, the president has been fully supportive in our attempts, promising any resource his department can spare. However, given that it will take at least 2 weeks for our rescue crew to reach the belt, we must prepare for the worst. The crew of the Titan mission, who managed to start the ship an hour later, are currently using spare propellant in looking for Jerome. For now, to prevent panic and grief after 2 weeks of chaos, I recommend we keep this affair a secret. I am also concerned that several detectives looking into Jerome's profile may discover this tragedy. I suggest contacting the police again to pull the detectives away from whatever their case maybe before this secret is leaked. End message Press ENTER to erase document 22nd December With each passing day, I find more totally unrelated information on this 'Vincent' guy. With each passing day, Anton becomes more withdrawn, yet calmer for some reason(gee, when did I last talk to him?). Finally, with each passing day, the police department become more pissed at our refusal to back down from the case. They have been convinced that a suicide had occurred. So was I, two weeks ago. Unfortunately, it seems the police has been in touch with Gattaca today, because the department threatened us to abandon the case in a manner they have never used against anybody. Perhaps today's visit to Jerome's house will be my last. I looked again and again at the pile of ashes in the incinerator, like a gambler unwilling to admit that he lost a life altering gamble. I was so...lost in thoughts I didn't notice Anton and two other people arrive. Unlike the past two weeks, Anton was smiling for once. He energetically introduced me to the two other individuals, both of whom worked at Gattaca, a man called Dr. Lamar and a lady called Irene. They patiently took turns in telling their sides of the story. New Year Day Today, I am officially retiring as a detective, the job I was born for. Vincent had died a hero, and his sacrifices, including the one that brought his end, had allowed the rest of the Titan mission to live, to fulfil their dream another day. His story was revealed to Gattaca and the world a week after I learnt the truth about Vincent. He had eventually given up his own dream for the sake of others. The act had managed to help Anton work his way past his grief, and as far as I can tell he is at some home for disabled people, telling the story of his brother. Dr. Lamar has also retired from Gattaca, and now devotes all his time in ensuring his 'defective' son can achieve his dreams, which Lamar believed was possible after witnessing the actions of Vincent. Irene continues to work in her current position with high hopes for being part of something special. As for me... Well... I might try to be an engineer. Sure, I wasn't born for the job, but heck, Vincent wasn't born for anything. As long as I believed it was possible... ","Summary":" Ok, this is a creative thingy I wrote back in year 9 for a certain assessment task after watching G"},{"Movie":"Gattaca","Title":"Commitment and Vodka","Author":"Convenient Alias","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11874574","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The fact was, that even after Eugene was well convinced of Vincent's commitment and had even started calling him Jerome instead of his real name, Vincent was not so convinced of Eugene's commitment. Well, it was obvious that their working relationship was unequal. Vincent would be the one bearing all the risk of it. He would be the one going off to work at Gattaca every day (if he could get the job, if he could only get the job), using Eugene's blood to get past checkpoints and lying every minute he was in public for at least the next few years, possibly the rest of his life. He was the one who had to change his name, the one who had to dye his hair, cover his fingerprints, stretch his legs to make himself taller, and wear contacts that changed his eye color. If they got caught he would most likely take the worse rap too. Courts would go harder on an invalid cheating the system than on a poor, misused valid, in a wheelchair no less. Vincent wanted to ignore it. He wanted to believe that, even if Eugene wasn't taking the same risks as Vincent, he was just as invested. But there were certain…things…that Eugene kept on doing that Vincent just couldn't ignore. Mostly, it was the drinking. So it was when Vincent came upon Eugene nursing a vodka (and clearly not his first) at only three in the afternoon that they had their first real argument. \"Thought you'd get an early start?\" Eugene looked up from the glass, which he had placed on the table in front of him but was staring at. He smiled, eyes hazy. \"Evening, Jerome. You're looking very valid. Cut the glasses, though.\" Vincent had been practicing how to move like the valids did, since they had a particular kind of arrogance in their posture, and he was half tempted to thank Eugene for the compliment. Instead, he frowned and snatched the glass away, setting it out of Eugene's reach. \"It isn't evening. What are you doing?\" \"It's five o'clock somewhere,\" Eugene said. \"I'd like my drink back. You have my blood, my hair, my eye color, even my piss. I don't think you need my vodka.\" He was still smiling, and Vincent wasn't sure whether or not to take offense. \"We were supposed to talk about plans for the interview today,\" Vincent said. \"That's not for a week and a half.\" \"Only nine days now,\" Vincent said pointedly. Nine days. In nine days he would be another person. And apparently the only person who would have his back was a drunkard. \"Of course,\" Eugene said. He wheeled his chair back slightly and then over to where Vincent had placed the drink. When he reached for it, Vincent placed it further away again. He looked Eugene in the eyes. The eyes that were supposed to be his eyes, were his eyes when he had his contacts in. Hazy eyes, hazy with alcohol and perhaps just a tinge of resentment. Vincent preferred his own. \"We can talk about the interview later,\" Eugene said. \"You said we'd talk about it tonight.\" \"Haven't we talked enough already?\" Eugene said. \"You know my details by heart. You can tell my anecdotes as well as I can.\" He shrugged. \"You're Jerome Morrow. You'll be fine. Give me my drink back.\" He began to wheel himself back from the table again and Vincent picked up the glass and held it to his chest. \"It's starting in nine days,\" Vincent said. \"You need to get your head in the game.\" Eugene laughed. \"You don't need my head. You just need my hair.\" He squinted. \"And my blood, and, you know…\" It didn't look like Eugene was going to sober up anytime soon, or get more serious. Vincent supposed it wasn't entirely his fault that he was so off when he was intoxicated, but the fact that he was drunk was his fault to begin with. A week and two days before the interview. A week and two days before (if all went smoothly) they would be stuck living under the same name indefinitely. And Vincent had been committed from the moment he met Eugene, had sealed his commitment with his aching legs, but it seemed Eugene still hadn't committed at all. \"You're right,\" he said, sitting down at the table but still holding the glass of vodka out of Eugene's reach. \"The interview isn't that important. I can handle it without any more help from you.\" Eugene nodded but warily. Even drunk, he could tell that Vincent wasn't in a good mood no matter what he was saying. \"Still,\" Vincent said, gesturing at Eugene. \"This is not okay.\" \"What? Don't like vodka?\" \"We're embarking on a dangerous enterprise,\" Vincent said. \"If we get caught, we're going to jail. Both of us. I'll probably do more time than you, but you'll have to live with the shame of 'lending your ladder'. I won't be able to stay at Gattaca, assuming I even get in. I won't be able to bring in money for the bills, which is what I assume you care about.\" \"Of course,\" Eugene said, crossing his arms. \"And you aren't taking this seriously,\" Vincent said. \"I don't know if you've realized this yet, Eugene, but I'm staking my life on this. I gave up my identity. I gave up everything. This is my dream.\" He looked Eugene in the eyes. Hazy hazel stared back. Eugene lifted his hand. \"Give me my vodka.\" Vincent's hand tightened on the glass. Eugene snorted. \"Fine then. Pour it out in the sink, drink it yourself. You've taken my house, my clothes, my blood…Might as well drink it. Go ahead.\" He wheeled himself back from the table, and then away from it, and away from Vincent, heading down the hall towards his bedroom, a small room which clearly was never meant for sleeping. Because his original bedroom had been a floor up and was where Vincent was sleeping now. He paused briefly and, turning his head back towards Vincent, said, \"I told you to call me Eugene, didn't I?\" \"And I have,\" Vincent said. \"Don't tell me about giving up your life,\" Eugene said. \"Or your name.\" He slammed the door behind him. /…/…/ By dinnertime he was mostly sober, which meant he couldn't have been as drunk as Vincent had initially assumed. He barely spoke to Vincent as Vincent set the table and put the dinner out, wouldn't even meet his eyes. Only, when Vincent was pouring them both drinks, water, did he finally speak up. \"What if I asked for wine?\" Vincent said, \"Is that what you want?\" He wasn't sure what he would do if it were the case. When he'd met Eugene, when they'd first sealed the deal, he hadn't thought he'd be dealing with an alcoholic. Which, fine, Eugene wasn't that bad but he wasn't exactly moderate either, and someone more stable would have been…nice. Though perhaps stable people didn't sell their identities and genetic material to invalids they had just met. People who were both valid and sane perhaps never knew desperation. If Eugene asked for wine tonight, Vincent wasn't sure he could bring himself to pour it for him. But Vincent wouldn't be home all the time. Soon (if all worked out, as he prayed to God every night it would, uncertain if there was even a God to hear him) he would be working at Gattaca for most of the day, every day, perhaps (if he dared to think so far) even managing a social life in Jerome Morrow's name. He wouldn't be at home to watch Eugene and keep him away from the bottle. Eugene said, \"Answer me first.\" Vincent said, \"If we're going to do this, you need to be on board. The drug tests aren't entirely fake. They catch me with alcohol in my system, we're just as sunk.\" \"If we're going to do this,\" Eugene said. \"Then we need to be equal partners. I'm enabling you to do something very illegal, remember? So I need to trust you. And you need to trust me.\" \"Give me something to work with, then,\" Vincent said. \"Give me a glass of wine,\" Eugene countered. \"Then we'll talk.\" Vincent clenched his fists. But Eugene was refusing to meet his eyes, and he was clearly done talking. The man could get his own booze perfectly well out of the cupboard in the kitchen—wheelchair or no, it was easily within reach, as Vincent had no doubt Eugene had arranged it on purpose. It was more readily available than the breadbox. This was a challenge. A power play. Time to play, then. He got the wine out of the cupboard and poured Eugene a glass. Not all the way full, even though it was a wineglass, and no doubt Eugene could handle it. Halfway. If Eugene insisted on drinking all of it before they started hashing things out Vincent didn't want him too tipsy to talk. Eugene picked up the glass and turned it in a slow rotation in his fingers, his grip on it light. \"Thank you for the wine, Jerome.\" He raised the glass to his lips briefly, pressing it there for a moment but neither tilting the glass nor opening his mouth. Then, in one deliberate motion, he jolted the glass outwards and upwards, sending the wine straight at Vincent's face. Vincent spluttered. A little wine had gotten in his mouth, and it didn't taste all that bad. But he had barely avoided it getting it in his eyes (and he had been trying on the contacts and would have needed to clean them), and some had gotten in his hair and all over his face, stinking and sticky. And the shirt, white and rather expensive, was clearly ruined. \"Don't worry about the shirt,\" Eugene said, noticing where Vincent's gaze had travelled. \"I'll buy you a new one.\" Vincent took two steps to cross the distance between himself and Eugene and grabbed Eugene by the shirt, almost but not quite pulling him off the chair. \"What the hell?\" \"Careful, careful,\" Eugene said. His eyes were wide, and his mouth twitched. A smile. The idiot was having to try not to smile. \"Don't hurt the cripple, remember?\" Vincent shoved him back into his seat. \"Yeah. Explain.\" Eugene shrugged. \"You were asking for it.\" \"I got you your wine!\" \"It's my house and my wine and my vodka, for that matter. I ask for a drink, you don't give me the third degree,\" Eugene said. He paused. \"Incidentally, did you end up drinking the vodka or not?\" \"I poured it down the sink.\" \"A waste.\" There was a brief silence. Wine dripped off Vincent's shirt and hair onto the floor. Eugene leaned back in his seat. \"I was going to apologize.\" \"You were going to what.\" \"Apologize,\" Eugene said. \"Don't look so shocked. I'm not a complete degenerate.\" He smirked at the use of the slang that would soon apply to Vincent himself, but the smile quickly faded and he stared at the table. \"I can drink what I want, but I'll hold back for the next week. You're under a lot of stress. I'll be available for whatever you need.\" \"I can't do this alone,\" Vincent said. For the moment he would take advantage of Eugene's rare sincerity and forget the wine drying on his face, as itchy as it was. \"Forget this week. I need someone I can rely on to pull this off, and you know it. You'll have to be sober.\" Eugene said, \"I can try.\" A smile danced on his lips, the same smile, perhaps, that had threatened to burst onto them earlier. \"It's been getting a bit easier lately.\" \"Well, good.\" Vincent hadn't been seeing the results of that. Eugene got drunk far too often. \"I think Eugene doesn't drink as much as Jerome Morrow,\" Eugene said. \"It's the only conclusion I can draw.\" \"Are you sure you aren't drunk right now?\" The words made no sense. But even when sober, there was always something a bit off about Eugene, a bit wild. \"Oh, no. When I'm drunk I'm tame,\" Eugene said. \"It's when I'm sober that you'll be getting wine thrown at your face.\" He winked. \"I do think Jerome Morrow drinks more than Eugene. You'll have to watch out for it.\" Vincent rolled his eyes. Sighing, he sat down at the table. His shirt was a lost cause—he would change it later. For now it was probably best to just drink. \"I'll be sober,\" Eugene said, when he saw that Vincent wasn't going to say anything. \"I'll be what you need. We have a deal, after all.\" He shrugged, finally setting the glass on the table. \"I guess…I'm sorry. I'm trying to make this work.\" He met Vincent's eyes. \"Be patient?\" The problem was, when those hazel eyes weren't glazed over, they were painfully bright. Vincent sighed. \"If you could try not to throw things at my face either, I'd appreciate it.\" \"No promises. Keep acting like that, and the impulse may overwhelm me.\" \"I'm just trying to act like Jerome Morrow,\" Vincent said lightly. In charge, responsible, perhaps a bit controlling but mostly determined and focused. He had no doubt Eugene had once been all of those things. \"It's not my fault he's a jerk.\" \"He is a bit, isn't he?\" Eugene snorted. He raised his now empty glass. \"To Jerome Morrow.\" With a grin, he raised the empty glass to his lips and tipped his head back, straining for a final drop. \"To Jerome Morrow,\" Vincent said. He took a gulp of water. Eugene muttered, \"May you hate him less than me.\" /.../.../ /.../.../ AN: Rewatched Gattaca lately. So many feelings. So. Many. Feelings. And this fandom doesn't have a whole lot of fics, so I'll be doing what I can to contribute. Also my friend was able to predict half of this fic, including the fact that I wrote about Vincent and Eugene fighting over Eugene's drinking, before she read any of it. Apparently I'm predictable? Oh well. Also, please review. ","Summary":" The fact was, that even after Eugene was well convinced of Vincent's commitment and had even starte"},{"Movie":"Gattaca","Title":"Incinerated Heartbeats","Author":"KatBoots","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9135893","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: We watched GATTACA in English class, and I could not stand the ending. So I changed it. A Vincent/Eugene AU. Incinerated Heartbeats Eugene, for that was who he was now, waited until he knew Vincent was gone before heading towards the incinerator. Vincent. To conquer. Well, he certainly conquered my heart, he mused, with a sad smile. He makes a better Jerome than I did or ever will. He opened the incinerator and hauled himself inside it, having difficulty getting the dead weight of his legs up and through the opening. Pulling out the silver medal, he thought, I even made a second-rate Jerome. Fingering it, he partially closed the grate, and reached for the switch—only to find a note, in his own handwriting, taped to the inside of the incinerator. No, not his handwriting, Jerome's. It did not belong solely to him anymore. I'm proud of you, Vincent . Sighing, he read the note. Eugene— Don't you dare. Don't do this to me, Eugene. I need you. Not your body, you. I need your snarky attitude and passion, your vanity and pride. That gentle caring that you hate to show, the way you subtly point out and help me fix my mistakes. I need it all, and I want it all. I guess it took being you to realize I love you. I love your looks of exasperation, of fondness and concern, of passionate anger or sorrow. I love you, Jerome Eugene Morrow. So wait for me. Wait for me, because I don't think my weak heart, thousands of beats overdue, could handle it if I came back to find you lost to me forever. It is sheer determination and passion that has kept me living this long, Eugene, but if you left me, if you did this to yourself, what would I have left to live for? What reason would I have to keep pushing my heart along? So live for me, please. Wait for me, I promise I'll be back. I'll be back, and we can be together, you and me. I'll be back, and we can move away from GATTACA, we can go somewhere else, anywhere you want. While you have given me the universe, Eugene, I would be happy living in a hut as long as you were alive and there with me. I love you, Eugene, so live for me. You don't have to love me back, just keep living, and don't leave me alone in this world. I love you, Vincent Eugene tried to stifle his tears. He was a man, and he would not cry. Damn you, Vincent. I'm supposed to be the one who's good at guilt-trips. He sighed again, and turned his gaze skyward, saying, \"Alright, you prat, I'll live for you. And I love you too, you moron.\" Tucking the note into his inner jacket pocket, Eugene opened the grate again and scowled at his wheelchair, a mere four feet away, but a distance that seemed insurmountable from his perch in the incinerator. Well this is going to be as difficult as hell. Days passed. Every morning, and every time he felt like crawling back into the incinerator, Eugene would pull out the note and read it, to remind himself of why he had to keep living. He had to, if not for himself, then for Vincent. Every day he put a mark on the old-fashioned wall calendar he'd bought, counting down until Vincent's return. He found himself drawn towards the cigarettes and alcohol he had given up ( for Vincent , a part of his mind reminded him), but refused to give into temptation. He read more, and took up the violin through online courses. Days turned into weeks, and Eugene became restless. At times he longed to go back to the incinerator, but he did not. For Vincent, he reminded himself, to keep Vincent's heart beating. He will not die, not because of me. At times he dreamed about Vincent's return. Will he be the same, will he still love me? How could he? I'm useless, stuck in this damned wheelchair. For the first time in his life, Eugene had ambition: he would become useful. He would prove his worth, to himself, and to Vincent. First, he went back to his hidden medical records and found out more about his condition. He had not before, because, to him, he was paralyzed, his life as a star swimmer was over, and that was it. Why would the specifics have mattered, if he was damned anyway? But now it mattered. Was this as permanent as he had been told? Could he do more than sit around and pine for someone not even on the planet? It turned out he could. While there was a 99% chance his state would never improve, that meant there was still that one percent, and he clung to that. There was a 99% chance that Vincent would die two years ago, but his heart still beats. Eugene's own heart clenched. At least, I hope it does. Two months, one week, and three days after Vincent left the earth ( not for forever, he reminded himself) Eugene finally got back in the water. It took a while to get used to swimming without the use of his legs, but he did it. Sometimes, while he was swimming in their endless pool, he thought he could feel his legs. It was only every now and then, as a brief flash of sensation, but it gave him hope. Weeks turned into months, and soon Vincent's journey was half-way over. Only six more months to go, he thought bitterly. He still needed to read the note every day, and he still occasionally craved for everything to end, but he resisted. He would make Vincent as proud of him as he was of Vincent. Soon the date of Vincent's return was fast approaching, and Eugene felt disappointed in his own progress. While he regained feeling in his legs more frequently and for longer stretches of time, he wanted to walk, no, run, and greet Vincent when he entered their door. It was the day at last. Eugene crawled up the stairs ( if I can do it once for him, I can do it again ) in a desperate attempt to see Vincent that much sooner. He wished he could have gone to the base and met him on the landing pad, but he knew that it would be far too suspicious. He hauled himself onto a chair; to where he could see anyone entering before they turned and saw him. And then the door opened, and his beautiful, weary astronaut was home at last. Eugene examined him critically. He looked tired, exhausted, really, as if every breath might be his last. Eugene remembered with a pang that it very well could be. Vincent's shoulders were hunched as if he was already preparing himself for disappointment, for finding that his note had not been enough. Unable to stand his friend and love's defeated stance, Eugene drawled out, \"Welcome home, honey. I've made supper.\" Vincent's head shot up, and the grin that Eugene adored so much appeared on his face. He stepped forward, saying, \"Eugene! You're—\" \"Alive, sober, healthy (from the waist up), and stuck in this chair. Help me up, would you? I want to sit on the couch. With you. And then we can talk about why I'm still here, and what we are now. Got it?\" Vincent's grin got wider, if such a thing was possible, and he laughed, a beautiful sound, saying, \"got it.\" They had a bit of an awkward time trying to move Eugene to the couch, since his wheelchair was downstairs and Vincent not at his strongest, but they managed to collapse onto the couch, and Eugene snaked an arm around his astronaut before he tried to move away. \"I've missed you,\" said Eugene as he pretended to absent-mindedly hold Vincent's wrist while actually taking his pulse. Still high, but steady. Good. \"I've missed you too,\" responded Vincent, seemingly not noticing the taking of his pulse. \"Do you love me, still?\" questioned Eugene. \"As I love you?\" \"Yes,\" breathed Vincent, \"I love you as much and more. Every day I woke up wondering if you still lived, and every time my heart beat I wondered if yours still did. I had never wanted to be on the earth more than when I had to leave it, leave you. I no longer longed for the universe; I just wanted to be home, here, with you.\" \"I feel the same. I stayed for you, didn't I? I climbed out of the incinerator. I love you, and I will continue to love you, unless you do something stupid and die on me. Then I'll hate you. Got it?\" \"Got it. As long as you promise not to die on me either.\" said Vincent, grinning. \"Deal,\" said Eugene, and they sealed it with a kiss. ","Summary":" A/N: We watched GATTACA in English class, and I could not stand the ending. So I changed it. A Vinc"},{"Movie":"Gattaca","Title":"Living Together Has No Secrets","Author":"Nephiliam","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8303120","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A tribute to my favorite movie of all time. To Vincent and Jerome. Rated T-M because of boyxboy, nothing graphic. Review, please? *there is a tad bit of spanish in here, translations are at the very bottom if you're curious* \"I got the better end of the deal. I only lent you my body. You lent me your dream. \" That wasn't entirely true. Living together has no secrets Vincent carried Jerome down the steps and set him back in his chair. Jerome smiled. \"I think she likes us.\" Vincent rolled his eyes and sat with his arms crossed and his eyes closed. He knew she was a mistake. She could tell anyone about this and his mission would be ruined. Jerome wheeled forward a bit, nudging Vincent in the leg. Vincent opened his eyes and looked up at the other man. \"What's wrong, then? Aren't you pleased with yourself?\" \"I shouldn't get involved in other people,\" Vincent mumbled his reply. \"It should be just you and me. Like this. Forever.\" Jerome sighed and slumped backwards. \"It won't. You're going up into space, remember? And I'm...anyways. This is what we've been planning for! Why don't you grow a spine, already?\" He turned, ready to leave Vincent slumped and pouty to attend to his other business. \"I don't want to leave you behind.\" Jerome paused. \"You knew this was how it was going to be.\" \"Yeah but I didn't expect these...God, I don't know.\" Jerome turned the chair around. \"These ...what ?\" Vincent's face had gone red and he turned from his roommate. \"Just...I didn't expect we'd become to close.\" \"Yes you did. It was obvious.\" \"For you maybe! I...I didn't expect any of this.\" \"This what , Vincent? Spit it out, would you!\" \"I didn't expect to have these feelings for you!\" he exclaimed angrily. Jerome raised an eyebrow. \"Feelings? As in, hermano de hermano * ?\" \"Like, amante a amante * !\" Jerome's eyes widened. \"Lover to lover? I didn't expect that to come from your mouth, of all people.\" He wheeled his chair closer to Vincent, who's face had turned a dark shade of red. Jerome leaned forward, ready to say something sarcastic when Vincent turned, got on his knees, and pushed his lips against the other man's. They both sat like that for a second, Vincent waiting for Jerome to absorb the kiss. When Jerome finally responded. He opened his lips slightly to Vincent's and poked his tongue out, asking permission. Vincent complied. As they kissed Vincent stood, now leaning over Jerome, his hands in the other man's hair. When the phone rang. Both men pulled hastily apart, Jerome swearing and turning towards the phone. He rolled quickly over to it and picked it up. \"Hello?\" he demanded irritably. Vincent, face still red, walked quickly into the bathroom. Jerome watched him go. \"Hello?\" he demanded once more, quite angrily. Vincent stood in front of the mirror, staring at his red face, thinking about what had just taken place. He bit his lips as he turned on the cool water and splashed it into his burning face. Focus. Stay in control. As Vincent turned on the water Jerome slammed the phone down and turned to look at the closed bathroom door. He sighed and put a hand to his head, trying to think about what he had just done. And what about Irene? The only reason Vincent did that was because Irene had just run from them. It meant nothing. Sighing he went to the lower drawers looking for a smoke. Vincent, turning off the water, tried standing up straighter. It probably meant nothing to him , he thought. Jerome doesn't like men. That's why he's always ordering hookers and prostitutes. Which I pay for... Taking a lovely gulp of air he turned the left the bathroom, in search of Jerome to give an apology. He went into the other room to find Jerome lying on the bed, where he had pulled himself up to after finding the vodka instead of the smokes. He took a swig. Vincent, taking steady breaths, announced, \"I'm sorry.\" \"For what, darling boy?\" Vincent blinked. Was he drunk? How long had Vincent actually been in the bathroom? For god's sake Jerome couldn't even reach the vodka seeing as Vincent had put it above his reach. Vincent came closer and sniffed his breath. Jerome hiccuped. Yes, definitely drunk. Jerome, winking, said, \"I keep my own stash around here for when you annoyingly try to hide my vodka.\" Vincent leaned over the man and reached for the bottle. Jerome, however, put the bottle on the other side of the bed and gripped his white shirt. \"Don't take my vodka,\" he commanded before pulling Vincent on top of him. Vincent, taken by surprise, fell atop of him and Jerome started placing small little kisses around his face. \"What're you doing?\" Vincent demanded. \"Do you know how lonely I am?\" Vincent pulled away to look down at the man who had given him his DNA so that he himself could have a nice life. Vincent put a hand to the side of the other man's head and used his thumb to stroke his cheek. \"You'll never be alone,\" Vincent whispered. \"Because, even if I'm millions of miles away, I'll still be here. Thinking about you. No matter what.\" He leaned forward and set a tender kiss upon his lips. Jerome smiled from underneath him. \"And what if I'm gone?\" \"I hope you'll be thinking about me too.\" Thank you all for reading and I'll hope you'll review. This is a one-shot. *hermano a hermano - brother to brother *amante a amante - lover to lover ","Summary":" A tribute to my favorite movie of all time. To Vincent and Jerome. Rated T-M because of boyxboy, no"},{"Movie":"Gattaca","Title":"Inheritance","Author":"meira16","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7580804","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Inheritance Lamar's words profoundly shock him, echo in his mind long after the shuttle returns to earth. Somehow, he had always thought of this life, his new life, as a temporary measure. After he came back, after he had proved himself, he would tell the truth. People would know that an Invalid could reach the heights, do anything he wanted if he only had the will. It's only now he realizes the cost of this fantasy. Currently, even though the authorities know about the borrowed ladder program, they have no idea of how successful it actually is. They quite regularly arrest de-generates, those who are not sufficiently skilled or careful or lucky. But the ones who are caught are always low-profile cases, not prestigious enough to suggest that such criminals can actually be effective. So the program is not a real threat to the perfection of society; while it is obviously illegal it is not worth much effort to stamp out. But Jerome Morrow is at the top of the pile. He is one of the most successful people in the country's most esteemed program. His existence is an abomination. If anyone finds out about Jerome Morrow, there will be no more borrowed ladders. There will be blood from the vein, searches in the home, international registration. All hope will be gone. Jerome is not naïve enough to think that he would be doing Lamar Jr. or anyone else a favour. All he would gain would be an illusion of honesty, a futile quest for absolution that would never come. Cold comfort to take to a life sentence in jail. And, really, if he is to be honest, does he actually want to be himself again? An image of Vincent, unsophisticated Vincent with his crooked teeth and spiky hair, rises up in his mind. Who wouldn't want to be Jerome Well-born instead, blessed with everything possible? Who would he rather people see when they meet him? What was so special about Vincent anyway? He thinks about Irene, beauty with a mind coiled up on itself desperately. He knows that she lied when she discarded the hair. The truth is that she does not really want to know him. She still wants to think of him as perfect Jerome, and she knows that he is so good a fake that the awareness of his true deficiency will rarely intrude. His dual identity gives her both comfort and a continued sense of superiority. She still calls him Jerome; she says it is to be careful, but he dare not forget that Vincent had little place in their life together. For Irene, everything is composure, appearance. His heart becomes agitated, and he knows that he is dying. Slowly. Maybe not this year, but soon. He will never dye Eugene's hairs grey, never have to worry about his hands shaking with old age over the keyboard. Irene again. Will they marry? Will they have children? And again, Jerome knows that, for all his preaching, he would want his son to have Anton's life and not his own. He will choose the best for his children, would never want them to suffer as he did. Their dreams will be open. Of course, it doesn't really matter. They won't be his children anyway. Vincent Freeman has been registered on national records as dead, drowned in the ocean two nights before the Titan launch, death confirmed by Anton Freeman. There is no way back; Jerome must remain Jerome if he wishes to be anybody at all. The only seed that Irene will carry is carefully stored in the freezer. Jerome doesn't believe in a world after this one. But he feels a growing sadness as his inferior body weakens, takes its natural course, and he wishes he might live on as Eugene does, in another. He has often wondered why, with all the focus on genetic enhancement, there is still such an emphasis on using the parents' genes as a starting point; after all, in some cases, the base fabric will have to be altered beyond all sense. Now he understands the longing for continuity, wishes that he had anything of his own to pass on. He will likely never see his children live to adulthood, and their veins will flow with the blood of a British drunk. Ultimately, he is a vessel, a carrier to move around prime genetic material that was not worth wasting. Several years later, his cardiac disturbance has become too marked to miss. He is sinking into despair, the sight of the lean, strong bodies and blonde hair of his sons a constant irritation. He feels useless, trapped. He so often hears the voice of his other self in his mind, words of a man long dead, talking of pride and dreams and perfection. But the words that come to him as he watches the boys play have never haunted him before. Two lifetimes… And, he thinks, why not? It is possible, no crazier than his whole life is. This could work, he could teach someone. This will be his continuance, long after Irene arranges to have his impure ashes incinerated under a false name. His heart tells him that the day would come soon; he has no time to waste. He reaches for the phone. A few months later, a man applies to work at the Australian Aerospace Academy. His urine reveals him to be Jerome Morrow, a genetic masterpiece. He is accepted instantly. Nobody stops to ponder why Jerome, a man in his forties, is aging so gracefully that he appears to be a boy of eighteen. Who would dare to question such a man? After all, a good genome is ageless, Jerome could live forever. Later that night when Jerome Morrow is alone, Thomas Lamar whispers a prayer of thanks for the soul of Vincent Freeman, hoping he has found peace in the heavens they both love. ","Summary":" Inheritance Lamar's words profoundly shock him, echo in his mind long after the shuttle returns to "},{"Movie":"Gattaca","Title":"Dosakah aku","Author":"sasa-hime","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7541543","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Kau tahu? Aku takkan pernah menyerah. Karena aku yakin, kita memang diciptakan untuk bersama. Percayakan hatimu padaku, dan kau bisa pegang janjiku. Lihatlah bintang yang paling indah di langit malammu, kau akan lihat akulah bintang yang bersinar paling terang. Aku akan pulang Irene.. Membuktikan pada dirimu dan dunia, bahwa Tuhan tak pernah kalah dari manusia. . . GATTACA DISCLAIMER: ANDREW NICCOL WARNING: CANON, TYPO (S), GAJE, etc VINCENT X IRENE . . Irene.. Apakah kau percaya Tuhan? Jika jawabanmu adalah 'ya' aku juga percaya itu. Jika jawabanmu adalah 'tidak' aku rasa itu adalah jawaban yang salah. Kau pikir dari mana asalnya alam semesta ini? Manusia kah yang membuatnya? 'tidak' Irene.. Ada makhluk yang 'lebih' dari kita 'dzat' Yang Maha Kuasa. Aku, Kau dan seluruh semesta ada dibawah kendalinya. Dunia yang saat ini sedang kau lihat hanyalah rekayasa, manusia mencoba untuk merekonstruksi ciptaan-Nya dan kurasa mereka takkan mampu mencapai kesempurnaan-Nya. Dan aku adalah ciptaan-Nya yang tanpa campur tangan manusia lahir sebagaimana mestinya, takdir untukku dari Nya mungkin takkan bisa ku ubah, tapi nasibku pasti bisa kurubah. Bayi-bayi artifisial yang didesain sesempurna mungkin, IQ tinggi, fisik sempurna, tampan nan rupawan pula, mendapatkan masa depan cerah di Gattaca . Sementara \"bayi Tuhan\"—yang lahir alami—hanya jadi pekerja kasar. Ini adalah salah satu isu sosial yang dibahas Gattaca: diskriminasi genetik . Aku tak ingin menjadi kasta terendah. \"Berhenti Vincent! Aku tak bisa. Ini berbahaya untukmu. Mereka akan mengenali dirimu. Kau tahu sehelai rambut saja bisa menjadi sampel yang membuktikan bahwa kau bersalah. Bagi mereka ini kejahatan! Kau… Tetaplah pada kodratmu.\" Kenapa Irene? Kenapa menatapku seperti itu? Tidakkah kau percaya padaku? Aku juga berkemampuan menjadi seperti mereka. Apa hanya karena gen ku bukanlah hasil rekayasa lantas kau tak percaya pada kemampuanku? Aku hanyalah manusia biasa, hasil rekonstruksi buatan Tuhan. Tidakkah aku juga layak berada di tingkat yang sederajat dengan mereka. \"Percayalah Irene. Aku akan kembali, membawakanmu bintang paling terang.\" jawabku sambil mengelus kepalanya. \"Tapi.. Aku..\" air mata gadis itu turun menganak sungai cepat membasahi pipinya sambil menggenggam tangan lawan bicaranya. Si pemuda yang amat ia cintai, meski dengan pertentangan akibat perbedaan (kasta). \"Aku akan meridukanmu\" reflex si gadis memeluk pemuda yang amat dicintainya itu. \"Aku pasti kembali Irene\" jawab si pemuda sambil merengkuh gadis itu kedalam pelukannya. Bisa Ia rasakan tubuh gadis itu bergetar menandakan ketakutannya akan kepergian si pemuda. … . Kau tahu? Gen dalam tubuhmu diwariskan dari kedua orang tuamu, separuh dari Ibumu dan separuh dari Ayahmu. Aku tahu mereka menyesal melahirkanku tanpa sedikitpun rekayasa dari permainan manusia atas gun gene . Tapi aku bangga, menjadi makhluk hasil rekonstruksi asli Sang Maha Kuasa, meskipun menurut mereka aku adalah makhluk invalid dan menyebabkanku masuk kedalam kasta terendah dalam kehidupan sosial manusia. Akan kubuktikan tiada yang sempurna. Takkan ada yang bisa menyamai kesempurnaan-Nya. Setiap makhluk ciptaan-Nya memiliki keunikan. Keunikan tersebut sebagian disebabkan oleh gen, yaitu suatu set instruksi yang tersandi di dalam tubuh kita dan sebagian lainnya disebabkan oleh lingkungan. \"Kau unik Vincent\" gadis itu menggumam sendiri sambil menatap layar dihadapannya yang menyajikan sebuah virtual. Ya, virtual si pemuda kesayangannya. \"Kapan kau pulang?\" tanya gadis itu dalam hati. Tubuhnya yang ringkih semakin merindukan dekapan si pemuda. … . \"Hari ini, akan dilaksanakan hukum mati terhadap, seorang manusia invalid yang bernama Vincent yang telah dilaporkan menyusup ke pesawat dalam ekspedisi ke Titan—salah satu satelit alami Saturnus. Dan mendapat tuduhan membunuh direktur Gattaca. Dengan menggunakan DNA illegal. Demikian sekilas berita langsung dari tempat eksekusi\" 'PRAAAANNG' Mata si gadis membulat, menatap tak percaya layar kaca. Air mata terus membasahi jade nya, rambut blonde nya yang tergerai sebahu menari-nari seiring gerakan angin. Tubuhnya ringan, gemetar terhempas kebawah. Dunianya seperti kehilangan cahaya, redup, membisu. Sedetik ia masih bisa melihat kekasihnya itu dihukum mati dengan sadis didepan matanya walau tak langsung (hanya dalam layar kaca), rasanya dunia membeku. \"Teruntuk Irene. Kau masih percaya Tuhan kan? Aku kembali pada-Nya\" Dunia menjadi gelap, namun ia masih kenal suara itu. Suara Vincent kekasihnya. … . \"Nona, Anda harus makan.\" sahut suster putus asa. Sudah dari kemarin ia tidak makan. Dan sudah sejak sejam yang lalu suster membujuknya. Gadis itu kini terlihat rapuh, tubuhnya yang ringkih terbaring lemah di tempat tidur yang berbau rumah sakit itu. Ia tidak sakit, tidak ada yang salah dengan organ tubuhnya ataupun gennya karena iapun sebenarnya merupakan produk rekayasa. Hanya saja ada yang sakit di dadanya, sakit yang takkan mungkin menyerah makhluk valid seperti dirinya. Ia merasa kosong. Begitu sepi, dan hening. Tuhan, benarkah kasta-kasta itu sebenarnya? Apa yang sedang dilakukan manusia? \"Nona. Ada kiriman untuk anda\" sahut suster itu sambil menyerahkan amplop putih dan sebuah boneka flannel yang berbentuk bintang. Siapa? Bintang? Dan surat apa ini? Dengan gemetar ia membuka amplop itu dan membacanya. ' Dear my lovely Irene' Aku akhirnya bisa mencapai cita-citaku, aku berhasil ikut ekspedisi Titan, kau lihat? Bintang disini indah sekali, tapi sesungguhnya mereka hanya batu-batu tak tak indah bila kau lihat dari dekat, maka aku buatkan boneka flannel ini untukmu semoga kau suka jahitanku memang tidak rapi. Hehe..Sejauh ini aku masih belum ketahuan, tapi tidak tahu jika nanti, aku hanya memiliki firasat buruk saat pulang nanti. Apakah kau sudah dengar? Tentang kematian direktur Gattaca? Kumohon percayalah padaku Irene. Bukan aku pelakunya,aku takkan mampu mengambil nyawa manusia lain meskipun mereka bukan buatan Tuhan, aku tetap tak punya hak untuk menghentikan nafasnya. Pulang nanti bersiaplah untuk menyambutku Irene. Aku ingin kita segera menikah. Biarlah aku dan kau, makhluk invalid dan valid ini bersatu. Kita sama-sama makhluk Tuhan bukan? Tersenyumlah Irene. Tuhan itu 'ada' dosakah aku mencintaimu... mendampingimu...inginkanmu... aku menjadi...diri sendiri... tak peduli...apa kata dunia... ku nanti hari ketika... cinta datang...cinta menang... jadi sayangku...bertahanlah... bila terkadang dunia kejam... peluklah aku...jangan menyerah... mereka bukan hakim kita... bintang yang mempertemukan kita... cinta yang mempertahankan kita... ooh...Tuhan dengarkan doa... dari cinta yang terlarang... rasa yang mempersatukan kita... cinta yang mempertahan kita... ooh...Tuhan dengarkan doa... dari cinta yang terlarang... cinta dan rasa bersatu di doa... berharap cinta kita yang terlarang... berharap cinta kita yang kan menang... Mata jade gadis itu basah, surat itu remuk ditangannya. Hampa dihatinya kini semakin memilukan. Matanya menatap boneka flannel itu, sesaat kemudian dunia serasa berhenti berputar. Awan tampak mendung, langit hitam. Angin membelai rambutnya, tepat saat ia melangkahkan kakinya kejendela rumah sakit yang terbuka itu. Sesaat ia merasa terbang bagai burung, lalu sakit melanda seluruh tubuhnya yang kini telah berada ditanah, bersimbah darah dan tak lagi tubuh indahnya berbentuk. Namun mata jade nya masih saja terus menangis. Percayalah Irene, Tuhan itu ada. . . . Huaaaa…. Endingnya horror kali .. Terharu waktu liat ada fic Gattaca di fandom Movie. Padahal film ini mang gak menembus box office, jadinya gak terkenal. Tapi ada juga yang buat, kebanyakan yang buat fic dalam bahasa Inggris dan Spanyol. Sa buat yang bahasa Indonesianya. yeye.. Menunggu review ","Summary":" Kau tahu? Aku takkan pernah menyerah. Karena aku yakin, kita memang diciptakan untuk bersama. Perca"},{"Movie":"Gattaca","Title":"Hallelujah","Author":"Thegoblinqueen1998","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8959494","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hallelujah By: Thegoblinqueen1998 Authors note: I'm still working on The Fire guys, don't fret. This is a short drabble I came up with in the middle of Health and scratched it down on a piece of paper. It IS A SLASH, so if you don't like it then please don't read it. I don't want hate. First Gattaca fanfic. Jerome always loved the song Hallelujah, preferably the Jeff Buckley version. I never understood his weird fetish with the stupid song. \"What do you see in it, anyways? It's old, Jeff Buckley is long gone.\" I would ask him. \"It's much better than the crap all the fucktards listen to nowadays, now isn't it, Vincent?\" he'd always retort back with confidence. I never understood his love of that song until now… He'd listen to it while he drank, mostly. He'd always be having deep thoughts, and you could tell this by the way his eyes looked off into the distance, as if he were somewhere else. Anywhere but here. And he was running, always. I could also tell by the small grin that plastered upon his face when I'd ask him what he'd been doing. Night after night, I remember, he'd drunkenly sing along with it, his own voice overpowering the blaring song. His voice contributed to the walls vibrating some nights. One night, a few nights before I left for Titan, he wasn't even singing along. I could just hear the music, and I could understand and tolerate it when he sung along; he couldn't help it. He's a drunkard; what more could you expect from a man of the likes of him? Sometimes he'd blare the music just to piss me off. So, acting rash, my patience wore thin that night. I barged into his room, about to throw the radio out of the window when I saw the open windowsill already being occupied by Jerome. He was crying, drinking, and had every intention of falling. \" What are you DOING, MORON!?\" I remember running to his side to pick him up from the lonely windowsill and threw him back onto his bed, hoping I didn't break anything. \" WHY?! You can't leave me NOW! YOU CAN'T!\" I screamed and hollered. Sobs erupted from Jerome. One of the things I hated more than anything in the world, was the sound of Jerome crying; the sound of Jerome's pain, repressed by cigarettes and alcohol. I swiveled over to him and held him tightly in my embrace. He wailed loudly over the music for the first time. Incoherent words of \"DON'T LEAVE ME!\" or, \"I NEED YOU! I LOVE YOU!\" or, my personal favorite, \"I hate you for leaving me!\" I could tell he was drunk, or maybe half drunk. He beat on my chest to make an attempt to make me let him go, but I held my ground. This was a once in a lifetime experience, I couldn't just let him go. Hours and the song on repeat, the sobbing reduced to mere whimpers and tears, and that reduced to hiccups and shallow breaths in a failed attempt to calm himself down. I rubbed his back gently, whispering encouraging words to help get him through this. Every now and then he'd start to hum along with the song, and he whined every time I shifted to get more comfortable, as if he actually thought I'd leave him there. \"I…\" he began. The sound of his shallow voice made my heart jump. \"I'm not entirely drunk… Vincent. Just half, at most. All of the things I said… I meant. I just never had the heart or the balls to tell you before… and…\" he sighed and let it go, nuzzling himself deeper into the crook of my neck. He knew I understood. \"I know, Jerome. I know; you don't get angry drunk to the point you say stuff you don't mean. I'm not leaving for forever, you know… I'll be back.\" Honestly, I couldn't believe I didn't see the sings of suicide… depression… I just didn't think it was in his genes. I guess I was wrong. My crippled best friend just tried to kill himself and I had to save his stupid ass. Why hadn't I noticed it before? Jerome sniffed and nodded into my shoulder, shivering gently to take a long breath. Tears were again starting to stain my shirt as they had done for hours before. I kissed the side of his head in hopes to make him feel comfort… to make him feel at home. Because if anyone's kiss were to make him feel better, it'd be mine. Of course, I always knew he was a homosexual. I knew he wanted me in ways I couldn't describe, and honestly, some nights I'd sit up in bed and wonder if I wanted him, too. Holding him like this made me know my answer. Of course, I didn't realize it first, but Jerome turned into everything I had. Not just because he lent me his body… and his genes and his piss and blood… but because he was my only companion. Literally , my partner in crime. After all, there's no gene to tell you who you're gonna love, now is there? He pulled away and looked straight to the depths of my eyes. \"You'll think of me when you're up there, wont you?\" he managed to whimper out. He sounded like a child almost, but understanding the situation at hand, I guess I'd be afraid, too. \"Well, of course!\" I rasped out in surprise. \"You helped me get there… you're literally my best friend and all I have!\" He scoffed. \"And Irene?\" \"Won't care in a year, will she? YOU will.\" I kissed his forehead this time. \"I can't, and never will be able to, forget you… Jerome Eugene Morrow.\" He held his face close to mine, panting with something between the lines of excitement and exhilaration. \"Say you love me…\" he groaned, begging and pleading. \"Say. You. Love. Me. \" His voice heavy with anticipation and adoration. \"I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you. \" I whispered until his bottom lip quivered and his eyes welled with tears once more. \"I love you too…\" he then kissed me and that was all it took for me to succumb to him for the whole night. I spent the remaining dark hours in his arms and under his allusive spell. I could almost swear, we kissed the whole night. We talked about what we were to do when I left, we talked about why he was on the windowsill ready to die. For some time, we didn't even talk at all. Then, curiously, he asked, \"What's the first thing you're gonna do when you get home?\" he was sitting up and I resting my head on his chest, tracing my finger along the fine lines of the story his skin told. I thought for a moment, then retorted simply, \"I'm going to get drunk with you.\" He just nodded and finally, we both fell asleep. Later that day, I called in sick. That was the first and last time I'd ever kissed Jerome Morrow. Days later, I left for Titan, and as we soared into the sky, I imagined Jerome's face watching me from his window, watching me soar up, up, and away. I thought it was as simple as that; I'd come back and we'd live again. A whole year later, I came home. I barged furiously through the door only to find an empty wheelchair and his ashes in the incinerator. And I knew what he meant by the \"trip\" he was to take. I finally got it. Epiphany. If only it had been sooner. In that moment, I couldn't believe he didn't wait for me to come home… so I listened to Hallelujah one last time… and finally I understood. I was his hallelujah, and I had left. And honestly, what was he to do without me? Without his hope? Or salvation? I poured myself a glass of the finest vodka in the world that I'd brought home for him and proposed my last toast to the world. Tears streaking down my face, I climbed into the incinerator, drank my vodka, STILL crying, and imagined his smiling face one last time. After generations it seemed, I pressed the button and closed my eyes. It felt like years to feel that heat searing my body, when I suddenly reappeared into space. I saw then, in my own personal heaven, Jerome Morrow standing. Maybe this was his heaven, too. He spotted me, and ran, and we embraced for the longest time. I knew then that we had both found our closure, both found our peace. The day I left, he decided to go with me. Second epiphany that day… he decided to follow his hallelujah. He was there the whole time. And now, he had his hallelujah once more. ~fin. ","Summary":" Hallelujah By: Thegoblinqueen1998 Authors note: I'm still working on The Fire guys, don't fret. Thi"},{"Movie":"Gattaca","Title":"Chicken","Author":"GallifreyanPanicMoon","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8988598","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Our favourite game was \"Chicken\". When our parents weren't watching we used to swim as far out as we dared. It was always about who would get scared and turn back first. Our arms chopped through the water creating percussive splashes. The night sky stretched above our heads, an unending body flickering from sight as we ducked under the water and rose frequently for air. We worked harder than we had any other time, our arms no longer branches of skin and tissue but strong, majestic biceps, cutting through the water's surface. I looked around myself whenever my head broke the surface, trying to catch a glimpse of the land and failing each time. We'd gone further out than we ever had before. \"Vincent! Vincent!\" My brother turned to face me in the water. \"Where's the shore? We're too far out.\" \"You want to quit?\" My brother grinned at me. We could surely die, both of us, if we kept going. \"We're too far out!\" I protested. My brother continued to smile \"You want to quit?\" He asked again. His ego astounded me, I couldn't fail mine. \"NO!\" I watched each stroke of his in front of me. It was the first time my brother was actually leading me. I remembered us as children; him, the weak one, the one who would die young, the \"invalid\". I watched him push through the water, parting the waves like Moses; impossibly. Nothing that was determined at his birth allowed any of this to be true. \"How are you doing this Vincent?\" I called out to him. My brother stopped once again and turned to me. I gasped for air, struggling to stay above the surface. Vincent's breath was clam. It couldn't be his heart that was allowing him. \"How are you doing any of this?\" My thoughts strayed back to GATTACA, the place he had dreamed of all our childhood but never had the body to get there. \"You want to know how I did it?\" He asked, his tone more serious than I had ever heard him. \"This is how I did it, Anton. I never saved anything for the swim back.\" I froze in the water and, for the first time, looked up at my brother; an athlete, a champion, a winner at the top of his workforce. He was more a \"valid\" than I had ever been. I thought of all the letters and numbers in my genetic make-up and I thought of what his must have been; all of them defied before my eyes. Then, for the first time, I noticed something about my brother I had never noticed before. There was not a cell in his body that could have allowed any of this to happen. Then, surely, it was something else; something greater that allowed the impossible to be possible. I never believed in the human spirit before that night; that night when my brother proved to me that impossible things can happen. Not miracles; that time when he beat me as a boy was a miracle, what I saw before me was no coincidence. It was spirit; a strong spirit, capable of defying all things necessary to achieve its goal, to overcome all oppression. There is no gene for the human spirit. ","Summary":" Our favourite game was \"Chicken\". When our parents weren't watching we used to swim as far out as"},{"Movie":"Gattaca","Title":"Symphony","Author":"sasa-hime","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8056723","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Manusia takkan pernah menang dari Tuhan. Percayalah Irene, sehebat apapun rancangan manusia takkan mampu mengalahkan kesempurnaan-Nya. . . GATTACA DISCLAIMER: ANDREW NICCOL WARNING: SEMI-CANON, TYPO (S), Out of Character (Maybe), etc. VINCENT X IRENE \" SYMPHONY\" . . Hari ini aku bersamamu Irene, menghabiskan waktu berdua, mendengarkan alunan symphoni yang indah mengalun dari piano hitam itu. Hal yang jarang sekali bisa kita lakukan, bahkan mungkin tidak pernah bisa. Kali ini aku ingin menghabiskan waktu denganmu, bersamamu, mengajarkanmu bagaimana mempercayai Tuhan, bagaimana memaknai kehidupan, bagaimana menghargai sebuah nyawa. . . . . . . . . . . . . . \"Kau yakin Vin? Aku boleh nonton konser ini denganmu?\" tanya gadis manis itu padaku. \"Heheh.. Tentu saja gadis manis. Kau kan kekasihku, aku ingin menonton konsernya denganmu.\" aku sedikit terkekeh mendengar tertanyaan yang meluncur begitu saja dari bibir mungilnya itu. \"Aah.. Terima kasih. Aku ingin sekali pergi bersamamu. Sudah lama aku ingin lihat konsernya. Kudengar pemuda itu piawai sekali dengan pianonya. Dan kurasa, konser kali ini sungguhlah spektakuler\" sahutnya menggebu. \"Hm? Spektakuler bagaimana?\" tanyaku keheranan dengan alis yang sudah menaut di tengah. \"Hehe.. Karena aku bisa mendengar suara piano yang indah dan semua itu kudengarkan bersamamu\" jawabnya polos dengan senyum khasnya itu. 'Hangat' Itulah hal yang sekarang ini kurasakan, kehangatan yang menjalar keseluruh tubuhku setiap kali melihat senyumnya itu. 'Cup' \"Eh? Vin..\" sahutnya kaget. Ya. Aku menciumnya, sekilas. Hanya sebentar. Tapi lihat reaksinya yang manis itu. Membuatku ingin menggodanya lagi. \"Kenapa?\" sahutku innoncens. \"Kenapa tiba-tiba? Akukan kaget\" jawabnya dengan wajah yang memerah bagaikan tomat. \"Hm? Kau mau lagi heh?\" godaku padanya. 'TOK' File-file itu membentur kepalaku dengan mulus. \"Jangan mesum! Aku hanya mengingatkan padamu. Kita masih di kantor!\" sahutnya kesal sambil berlalu dari mejaku. Dan aku tahu, dia masih malu. \"Haha.. Irene. Tunggu dulu jangan marah begitu, aku hanya bercanda\" sahutku sambil menahan tangannya. Gadis manis itu berbalik dan menoleh padaku. \"Nanti malam jemput aku ya, jangan telat. Aku ingin sekali melihat konser piano itu\" sahutnya malu-malu. \"Ok. Princess.\" Jawabku sambil tersenyum padanya. \"Viin…\" sahutnya malu, karena sebutanku padanya. Oh, ingin sekali rasanya kupercepat waktu. Untuk melihat tuan putriku nanti malam. . . . . Sekarang aku tengah berdiri disamping mobilku yang tengah terparkir tepat di depan rumahnya. Aku menjemput tuan putri seperti janjiku padanya tadi pagi. Aku sendiri gugup ingin bertemu dengannya, berkali-kali aku merapikan tuxedoku, melihat kancing-kancing yang mungkin belum rapi. Kurapikan lagi letak dasiku, kulihat lagi sepatuku. Ah, ini kencan pertamaku dengannya. Aku tak ingin ada kesalahan, pikirku. Sementara aku sibuk sendiri, seorang putri telah berdiri tepat dihadapanku. Wajahnya yang manis itu tersenyum melihatku salah tingkah. Ah, sial! Ini memalukan. \"Gugup, he?\" godanya padaku. \"Ayo princess\" sahutku padanya. \"Kau mengalihkanku, Vin\" sahutnya merajuk. \"Hm. Sedikit\" jawabku pasrah. 'Cup' Ciuman itu tepat mendarat dipipiku. \"Eh?\" sahutku kaget. \"Kau manis sekali hari ini\" sahutnya sambil masuk ke dalam mobil. 'Hangat' Perasaan itu lagi yang memenuhi hatiku. . . . . Yah, disinilah kami. Duduk berdampingan sambil mendengarkan symphoni yang indah mengalun memanjakan telinga, dan kau pasti tahu bagian terbaiknya. Kini gadis yang amat kucintai itu tengah duduk disampingku, disini bersamaku. Hal yang sangat jarang kami lakukan, bahkan mungkin tidak pernah. \"Vin..\" panggil gadis itu padaku tanpa mengalihkan pandangannya dari sang pianis handal itu. \"Hm?\" jawabku. \"Aku ingin tahu. Bagaimana mungkin, manusia invalid… Ah, maksudku. Manusia yang tanpa design gen bisa melakukan hal yang indah seperti ini. Lihat pianis itu, bukankah dia seorang polidaktil*? Tapi aku sangat menyukai alunan indah yang dimainkannya. Dari kecil, aku selalu diajari, bahwa manusia invalid selalu berada dalam kasta yang rendah, namun nyatanya banyak juga manusia yang invalid memiliki kemampuan seperti kasta yang paling tinggi bahkan mungkin mengalahkan kasta yang paling tinggi\" Aku tersenyum dan mengeratkan genggaman tanganku padanya. \"Tuhan, Irene. Kita semua ciptaan Tuhan. Jika kita mau berusaha dan berdoa pasti kita bisa, siapapun diri kita Irene. Tuhan tak pernah memilih-milih siapapun yang ingin Dia bahagiakan. Tuhan tak pernah memandang siapa yang valid, siapa yang invalid. Lalu mengapa manusia sendiri begitu sombong mengkasta-kasta kan kelompoknya? Berbahagialah karena sesungguhnya kita semua sama dimata Tuhan, ada cukup banyak keadilan dalam hukum-Nya.\" Jawabku padanya. Gadis itu tersenyum padaku, menggamit erat lenganku dan menyenderkan kepalanya pada bahuku. \"Terima kasih. Mungkin, Tuhan cukup adil juga padaku. Dia memberikanmu untuk membantuku mengerti hidup dalam dunia Gattaca ini.\" Aku membelai rambut blondenya, bisa kurasakan wangi citrus yang menguar dari tubuhnya. Ya, Irene. Tuhan juga cukup adil padaku. Dia memberikanmu untukku. Kini gadis itu terhanyut dalam alunan symphoni yang sedang dimainkan oleh manusia invalid. Melantunkan nada-nada kehidupan yang semakin membuat gadis yang amat kusayangi ini semakin terbuai dalam mimpi indahnya. Tidurlah di pundakku Irene, hilangkanlah semua kebimbangan yang membebanimu. Tuhan itu ada Irene, 'Ada'. Dan aku akan membantumu mengerti. Aku tersenyum, kencan ini berakhir dalam ketenangan. Dan kuharap kami bisa melewati lagi waktu berdua seperti ini. Kudekap lagi kekasihku Irene, agar ia rasakan kehangatan hatiku, yang sedari tadi kurasakan. bintang yang mempertemukan kita... cinta yang mempertahankan kita... ooh...Tuhan dengarkan doa... dari cinta yang terlarang... rasa yang mempersatukan kita... cinta yang mempertahan kita... ooh...Tuhan dengarkan doa... dari cinta yang terlarang... . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .. . . . *Polidaktil : Memiliki jari yang lebih dari 5 dalam satu tangan. . . . . Yeyey… Fic Gattaca yang ke-2. Meski gak ada yang baca, tapi entah kenapa kalau ni ide gak ditumpahkan sayang rasanya. review Please.. ","Summary":" Manusia takkan pernah menang dari Tuhan. Percayalah Irene, sehebat apapun rancangan manusia takkan "},{"Movie":"Gattaca","Title":"Perfect Imperfection","Author":"A-Stretched-Mind","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8840730","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer : Sadly I do not own Gattaca. *sigh* Hope you enjoy! As Jerome handed me the pianist's glove, a thought flashed through my head—I forget it now—something about my heart. I slipped it on, the warm silk engulfing my icy hand—and an extra finger hung off between my pinky and my ring finger. Jerome frowned at it a moment. I laughed and then he smiled. It made me so happy. Fingers, hearts, bald heads, eyes that are two different colors, large waistlines, astigmatism, birthmarks, big feet, everything that seemed wrong was really perfect. Everything that seemed perfect was wrong. As I fiddled with the extra finger, I could feel Jerome watching me. I pretended not to notice. He was saying something but I couldn't hear him. We made eye contact and I saw the handsome sparkle in his eye as he motioned with his head to the door of the concert hall. \"Irene,\" he said. He said it loudly—no, it was simply quiet in the hallway where we stood, especially compared to the roaring audience of the piano concert. It's funny how excited these people were to hear a six-fingered man play the piano. Everyone was dressed in ball gowns and tuxedos. I heard a muffled version of the song the musician played last—an encore—through the heavy doors. I tilted my head up at him and pondered briefly about how utterly beautiful he was. \"Yes, Jerome,\" I said. \"You're gorgeous.\" My heart stopped for a moment as I registered that Jerome had just said this to me- Jerome had just said this. To me . God. I blushed deeply—I am such a child in this way; I can never stop the beet red that flushes my cheeks at the most inopportune times—and smiled. \"Jerome, you flatter me—\" \"No. You are beautiful. Let me kiss you, please ,\" he said with a furrowed brow. And that is when I almost died of happiness. My heart pounded and pounded against my rib cage, as if it were trying to escape. I wanted so badly to melt into his arms and stay there forever. But somehow—somehow I felt I had to resist. It was almost impossible, but something wasn't right. \"Jerome. Why do you want to do this? I'm not trying to be the girl who puts herself down all the time, really I'm not, but…of all the girls in the world, of all the girls in this building …why would you choose the imperfect one? Me?\" \"You simply don't understand, Irene, you beautiful, beautiful woman. I am so much less than I seem to be. Trust me. I'm not perfect. This is. We are, Irene Cassini.\" He took my still gloved hand in his gigantic one and rubbed it with his thumb for a moment. We met eyes and slowly he moved his hands around my waist. My left arm went around his neck as the right touched his chest. Our lips met. . . ","Summary":" Disclaimer : Sadly I do not own Gattaca. *sigh* Hope you enjoy! As Jerome handed me the pianist's g"},{"Movie":"Gattaca","Title":"Straight Up","Author":"Extrapolation","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7661531","Passage":"[Chapter 1] He's got his future laid out in front of him. He's done – he's got the girl, avoided prosecution, fought and clawed and bit and thrashed his way to the top, and now he's about to realize his dreams. He's about to leave. He's about to leave you. There are two Jeromes in this room. One of them has failed only at failing; one of them has failed everything. Guess. Which one are you? Which one isn't he? He's facing his future made tangible in rows of blood, hair and piss, and do you know what he does? He asks about you. \"Where are you going?\" Straight up, you think to yourself. Same as you. Straight up to the heavens – or, rather, the Heaven. You say, \"I'm traveling, too,\" and he eats it up. Only once he's gone do you realize that you never wanted him to believe you. You always were a good liar. ","Summary":" He's got his future laid out in front of him. He's done – he's got the girl, avoided prosecution, f"},{"Movie":"Gattaca","Title":"validation is overrated anyway","Author":"paper streets","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7238932","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I've been on a Gattaca kick lately. I've watched it every night for almost a week now. While watching the last scene for the thousandth time, bits of sentences and phrases kept popping into my head, so I put it all together and this is what I got. It's vague and somewhat disjointed; as I'm sure last thoughts are. Hopefully it's not terrible, but I suppose that's up to all of you to decide. I don't own Gattaca. Stand in front of a moving car. You should die. He doesn't. Drink too much. Liver should shut down. Fail. It doesn't. Smoke a pack of cigarettes a day. You should get lung cancer. He won't. Lock one's self in an incinerator and pull the switch. You should burn. For once in his flawlessly Valid life, he does what he should. God, he burnsburnsburns. He breathes in smoke and ash and fumes of his own flesh. The fire kissescaresses everything. He should be dead already. But he's not. His heart beats. It beats s teadyslowrelentless. Jerome, Jerome the metronome. It's painful. God, it's so painful. But he's not afraid. Not of dying, at least. Not of burning incinerators or speeding cars or drowning. He's afraid of heights and silver medals and being one step down on the podium. He shouldn't have to fear those things. He's a genetic masterpiece, the picture of perfection. He used to pity those who fail , those who can't , those don't have a chance. People like Vincent JeromeVincentJeromeVincent. He never thought that he'd be one of them. Invalid. He's only failed twice in his life. Silver and that fucking wheelchair and if he fails now, worse-than-third degree burns. He won't fail this time. He can feel his pulse beginning to slow, his vision slipping away and he can hardly feel the flames at this point. Death is coming fast, but, fuck, it's not fast enough. He's finished. Resigned. Through his last scarce breaths and heartbeats, he thinks of Vincent. Vincent with his head beyond the clouds, Vincent among the stars. Vincent is a better Jerome anyway. ","Summary":" I've been on a Gattaca kick lately. I've watched it every night for almost a week now. While watchi"},{"Movie":"Gattaca","Title":"Drowning, Bleeding, Burning, Soaring","Author":"Wolfstorm7","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8105185","Passage":"[Chapter 1] BAHHH it's shameful how much this movie affects me. Here's this. Enjoy! His wheels ground slowly over the gravel, and his breathing was heavy. The road led into the grove, and the river was rushing near. Useless? He wasn't useless ! He and Vincent had been drunk, and screaming, and he could hardly remember a word but one: Useless. Says the degenerate . He'd never understand! Eugene was crafted to a perfection the other man could never comprehend. Vincent never raced in the bloody Olympics. But he'd show him, he would. He wasn't useless . Damn it all, he could swim just as well as he once had. One the shore of the stony river, he pulled his wheelchair to a stop. He flopped by the water's side, where the tide swiftly dispersed through the stones and bubbled up in pools. It rushed and ran and Eugene wasn't useless. He undressed and dragged himself to the water. Plunge in, he told himself. And then he was under. ~oO0Oo~oO0Oo~oO0Oo~ Fire always entranced Eugene, with its sylphlike dancing tongues. The power inside its gaping mouth, behind the crackling yellow teeth of flame, made him wonder: would it be so bad to leave this world in a rage of heat and burning? Every morning, Vincent would scrub his body of his own DNA. Every morning, Vincent pressed the button and turned away, too ashamed to watch his life cells burn. He became Jerome. If Vincent burnt Vincent, Eugene would have to get rid of Eugene as well. After all, there could only be one Jerome Morrow. ~oO0Oo~oO0Oo~oO0Oo~ But how much of Eugene was part of Vincent? They both were Jerome, after all. Jerome Freeman, Jerome Morrow; it didn't matter. How much blood had he taken out of his veins to dedicate to Vincent? Even with the extra-thin needles and numbing chemicals, his arms were still sore and blotchy with scars. There was probably more of Eugene at Vincent's fingertips than in Eugene himself. ~oO0Oo~oO0Oo~oO0Oo~ He found Vincent on the balcony. As clouds moved across the ruby sunset, their white faces became shifting, flighty birds of flickering light. Eugene grasped the rubber of his wheels and rolled his weight over the doorframe. Vincent turned and grinned, his eyes glowing orange. Eugene tried to wheel himself closer but felt a surge of nausea. He had always been afraid of heights. But Vincent, no, Vincent was perfectly comfortable in the sky. Eugene watched as his friend grasped the balcony railing and leaned precariously over. Eugene's stomach dropped into itself. Then Eugene closed his eyes. ~oO0Oo~oO0Oo~oO0Oo~ The churning water was like of mass of gray fish pummeling Eugene's body. He thrashed and fought to keep his head above the enclosing water, but it sucked him under. A second later he burst forth again, to open his eyes to blackness. The sky, the water, the black – all twisted into a starless void as he spit and gasped. He had been in the bloody Olympics ! What the hell was wrong with him? Why couldn't he swim? Because his legs were useless. Useless ? If he was anything, he was not useless ! That was what he had come out here to prove – he would be able to rise to his former glory. Vincent would see. Vincent, degenerate . His arms, strengthened by months of rolling himself around, spun in the water, but his legs hung loosely. Limp. The water crushed down on him again, a thousand slimy hands trying to force their way into his mouth. Bobbing up, he caught a glint of metal in the darkness – his wheelchair sitting on the bank – before he was dunked under by another massive arm of gray. This time, he did not rise. Lungs burning and arms flailing, he felt resistance below and knew that his lifeless feet must have hit the river bottom. Murky shadows weaved across his exposed chest, and crushed the breath from him. His panic swept out with a final surge and was replaced with a dull, strange complacently. Above him, the gray water rolled on distant plane. He couldn't even see the stars, and realizing this made him think of Vincent. Jerome. Vincent? A shiver ran along the skin on his arms as he opened his mouth and admitted the river. ~oO0Oo~oO0Oo~oO0Oo~ In the morning, Eugene would open the incinerator and run his fingers along the shining chrome edges. Not a single cell of Vincent was left there. The flames had swallowed them all, and Vincent was free to become Jerome. Eugene would have to go. He knew that one day Vincent would leave in the morning and never come back. Without Vincent, Eugene could not stay here. How could he stay in this house while knowing that a man with his name walked on some crazy planet, out there, building a persona on a name that had – once – belonged to a winner? Because Jerome was a name no longer built to be shared. Eugene had wanted to be first , just once; but those dreams couldn't be relinquished with bloody useless legs. Why hadn't he had just died ? He clutched the second-place medal, the being of his affliction, and wished away the torment it brought him. Vincent would leave, as must he, as well. By burning away every single trace of Eugene. ~oO0Oo~oO0Oo~oO0Oo~ Once, he and Vincent had gone out onto the apartment bridge and rolled his wheelchair around, just for kicks. Vincent ran behind Eugene, pushing with all his strength. As Eugene's wheels spun faster than Vincent's feet could churn, Vincent fell, and skidded across the cement in tow of the wheelchair. He yelped. Eugene spun his chair to see Vincent on the cement, grimacing and clenching his fists. His knees were raw and running with blood. He tried to stand, but couldn't manage to bend his legs without hissing in pain. Eugene laughed and pulled Vincent onto the wheelchair with him. As they wheeled back to the condominium, tendrils of blood crept down Vincent's legs and wormed their way onto Eugene's loose pant legs. He didn't mind, really. At least it was proof that Vincent had a piece of him that was human. He owned blood of his own. It was proof that Vincent was not all Jerome, and that Eugene hadn't given away everything – not yet, he hadn't. ~oO0Oo~oO0Oo~oO0Oo~ Vincent turned his head to smile at Eugene, and his eyes sparked orange. There was pure adrenaline about teetering so far over the edge. Eugene was afraid of heights, but Eugene wasn't afraid of falling. He wasn't afraid of dying, no. But when Vincent leaned forwards over the void, his face poised with childish laughter, and he stretched with such yearning for the pale stars and the pastel crescent moon, Eugene felt more frightened than he had even been for himself in his entire life. He knew Vincent would leave him. He knew that Vincent would stretch too far one day, and soar up into the clouds and the pale stars until Eugene was only a bitter spot far below on the earth's surface. If only he could run , then he could join Vincent. He could stand and catch him, if he fell. Oh God, he cursed his uselessness. He cursed Jerome, whoever the man was or whoever the man had become. ~oO0Oo~oO0Oo~oO0Oo~ Arms like pythons clasped around his chest and dragged him upwards. He did not attempt to aid the twisting arms; the river bottom had made him strangely tired. Suddenly, his head broke the surface, and the cold night slammed down on his head. He reflexively gasped out, but only drew in more river water. Stone and sand scraped his sides as his savior pushed him into the shallows. The darkness of the water and land merged as one hulking monster. Eugene lay curled on the sand, half-submerged and near-dead. \"Are you fucking insane ?\" He tried to laugh, but ended up vomiting. \"A bit mental,\" he finally managed to gasp. Vincent's face was strung with fear. \"You're so drunk, you stupid stupid stupid - Oh, God-\" He was soaking wet, and water ran from his hair into his mouth. \"Oh, God ,\" he cried. \"You could have died ! What's wrong with you?\" \"I'm sorry,\" mumbled Eugene out of the darkness. He vomited into the water, then dragged his heavy arms into the air towards the blurry outline of his friend. \"I'm sorry.\" Vincent stumbled to him, pulled him close and held him. He hugged him like he was never going to let go, never again. A swell of longing rose in Eugene – he didn't want to be alone. He clutched the back of Vincent's shirt even tighter. In that moment, vaguely aware of Vincent's stuttering heartbeat as the other man's breathing calmed, he decided upon something: He could never allow himself to be alone. ~oO0Oo~oO0Oo~oO0Oo~ He clasped the cold handle of the incinerator in his hand. Around his neck hung the silver circle of almost-success, and once again he felt the sense of absolution he had felt in the river. Jerome needed to be liberated if he were to become Vincent, if a golden medal were to sit upon his chest. Awaiting the flames, he had downed vodka to dull the pain. But he could hear his heart beating steadily through his drunken fog, reminding him that he was Eugene Morrow. He had once been great. ~oO0Oo~oO0Oo~oO0Oo~ He had drained himself of blood. Jerome had taken it, hadn't he? Jerome, whoever he was. He had bottled it up in the freezer room in anticipation of his 'trip', enough for a lifetime. \"So that Jerome will always be with you,\" he said. He didn't say Eugene. Because Eugene was a useless man. Eugene was someone of the past, a cripple who couldn't reach the stars no matter how he tried. But Jerome would reach them for him. His blood and name would be circling the sun while he erased himself from this world. As the flames engulfed him, he felt himself soaring. Don't leave me, he begged. But it was too late. ~oO0Oo~ Vincent tipped forwards into the unknown. Eugene stood up, and stepped forwards, to follow. What did you think? Please Review! :) ","Summary":" BAHHH it's shameful how much this movie affects me. Here's this. Enjoy! His wheels ground slowly ov"},{"Movie":"Gattaca","Title":"Power Play","Author":"Wolfstorm7","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7799713","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \"Can I try some of yours?\" \"It's the same flavor.\" \"But yours looks nicer.\" Vincent batted away Eugene's spoon. \"Don't be a prick.\" Eugene said nothing and tried again. \"Don't touch it! It's mine.\" \"It's mine, too.\" \"How so?\" \"The ice cream belongs to Jerome. My name is Jerome.\" \"Your name is Eugene, Eugene. Don't play games.\" \"Jerome Eugene Morrow.\" \"Do you change it daily?\" \"When it suits me.\" \"And today it suits you, because you want to steal my ice cream.\" \" My ice cream.\" \"Eugene, you are NOT me.\" \"Aren't we attempting to scam the world into thinking the opposite?\" \"We're not scamming the world into thinking you are me . We're sharing Jerome and letting the world think what it wants.\" \"And yet, one day you'll stand on the surface of Titan wearing my name.\" \"I pay you for it.\" \"You're renting it out.\" Vincent frowned. \"That I 'rent' your name doesn't mean my ice cream belongs to you.\" \"Don't you find this a tad bit unfair?\" \"No.\" Eugene banged his spoon on the table. \"Just give me the bloody ice cream!\" \"Eat your own!\" \"If we share Jerome, we should share ice cream.\" \"Are you serious?\" Eugene caught Vincent's eyes. \"Yes.\" \"Are you doing this just to bother me?\" \"Maybe.\" \"Will you go away if I give you ice cream?\" \"No.\" \"What for it, then?\" Eugene shrugged and smiled. \"Can't I sit peaceably at my own dinner table?\" \" Our dinner table.\" \"Jerome's table,\" Eugene suggested slyly. \"Wait,\" Vincent said, placing the flats of his palms on the table and leaning forwards. \"Does 'Jerome' wash the dishes?\" Eugene shrugged. \"No?\" \"Who washes them?\" \"You do.\" \"Does Jerome spend all day at the academy?\" \"You, again.\" \"Does Jerome pay the bills?\" In response, Eugene tipped his chair on its back wheels, rocking a bit. His eyes grew lidded, and he said flatly, \"Does Jerome own this house? Does he bottle his blood and hair and piss every day? Does he sit in a fucking wheelchair because he has no-fucking-LEGS? Where's Jerome right now? What's he doing? Do you even know him at all?\" Flushing, Vincent ducked his head. \"I'm sorry.\" \"Good.\" There was silence. \"Now give me your ice cream.\" \"It's entirely melted,\" muttered Vincent. \"So is mine.\" \"We could…\" Vincent motioned towards the bowls. \"…Switch, if you wanted.\" \"But they're the same flavor.\" \"I'll just give you mine, then.\" \"That's a brilliant idea.\" Vincent leaned over the table and passed him the bowl. \"Happy now, Jerome?\" Eugene took a long drink from the side of the bowl. He wiped his mouth. Then, all the while keeping eye contact with the other man, he picked up his newly acquired bowl, held it above the space next to him, and dumped its contents onto the carpet. \"Very happy, Vincent.\" ","Summary":" \"Can I try some of yours?\" \"It's the same flavor.\" \"But yours looks nicer.\" Vincent batted aw"},{"Movie":"Gattaca","Title":"The way it ends","Author":"Cafesitodeldia","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7902901","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Título : The way it ends Fandom : Gattaca Claim : Jerome. Disclaimer : No son míos. Summary : El primer pensamiento que le cruza por la mente cuando siente las llamas lamer su cuerpo no es 'Voy a morir'. —Drabble, Jerome. Nota : Tbh, ni siquiera me gustó la película, sólo la vi porque mi maestro nos obligó, prácticamente. Pero ajá, en fin. Esto es algo de menos de cinco minutos y blablah. Inicialmente era sólo para que una amiga dejara de pedirme que escribiera J/V para ella, pero como quedó medianamente decente, lo publico. El primer pensamiento que le cruza por la mente cuando siente las llamas lamer su cuerpo no es «Voy a morir» o el inmenso dolor que siente, no. El primer pensamiento que le cruza por la mente no es que ha desperdiciado su vida, que se arrepiente de todo lo que pasó, por todo lo que hizo o dejó de hacer. El primer pensamiento que le cruza por la mente no es sobre el dolor que comienza en sus piernas y le ciñe la garganta evitando que profiera un grito, no es sobre el olor de piel quemada que rodea ese pequeño lugar, no es sobre el calor inmenso que no le deja respirar. El primer pensamiento que le cruza por la mente es «Vincent» y duele más que cualquier otra cosa. ","Summary":" Título : The way it ends Fandom : Gattaca Claim : Jerome. Disclaimer : No son míos. Summary : El pr"},{"Movie":"Gattaca","Title":"Cuando todos te dejan","Author":"AnneD90","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6601076","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Cuando todos te dejan Jerome abrió los ojos. Tardó unos segundos en acostumbrarse a la oscuridad, pero cuando lo hizo notó que al otro lado del colchón no había alguien durmiendo a su lado. Su mirada se llenó de terror, por cada rincón de su cuerpo, excepto por sus inútiles piernas, se extendió el pánico. Los ojos se le llenaron de lágrimas, su mente comenzó a llenarse de diversas escenas que, al recordarlas o imaginarlas, le provocaba una horrible sensación que presionaba su pecho, impidiéndole respirar. ―¡Vincent! ―gritó fuertemente, sin embargo, no recibió respuesta. \" Vincent me ha dejado\" , pensó, \"Vincent me ha dejado como mis padres lo hicieron, como las personas que decían amarme me abandonaron. Él se fue porque se dio cuenta de que era una carga, me dejó porque tiene una zorra con piernas largas y funcionales\". ―¡Vincent! ―en esta ocasión sintió que al gritar se desgarraba su garganta. Jerome sollozó con fuerza, las lágrimas le impedían ver con claridad. Dio un par de manotazos sobre el buró, hasta que finalmente encontró el apagador de la lámpara de mesa y lo encendió. Parte de la recámara quedó iluminada, cerca de la cama estaba su silla de ruedas, estratégicamente puesta para que no pudiese alcanzarla de un jalón. \" ¿Para qué quieres sentarte en ella? ¿Para ir tras él? ¡Eres estúpido! Vincent ha de estar a kilómetros en este momento, con la puta ésa entre sus piernas\" . La mente de Jerome jugaba con él, lo torturaba. En un desesperado intento de alcanzar la silla de ruedas, manoteó tontamente, se impulsó un poco más y, justo cuando ya tenía afianzada una de los reposabrazos de la silla, perdió el equilibrio, cayendo al suelo y llevándose consigo la silla. Jerome gimoteó y golpeó con los puños el suelo. Su alma estaba destrozada, su corazón roto. \"¿Por qué pensaste que con él sería diferente? A larga, lo sabes, todos se alejan\" , la voz en su cabeza volvía a molestarlo. Después de unos segundos de autocompasión, se quitó la silla de encima y entonces escuchó algo que le hizo quedarse sin respiración por un brevísimo momento. Pasos, pasos apresurados, pasos sonoros. La puerta se abrió. La mirada de Vincent viajó de la cama al suelo, cerca de la luz encendida. ―¿Eugene, qué haces allí? ―con prisa se acercó al cuerpo desvalido de Jerome. Eugene lloró en silencio, la felicidad le embargaba. Vincent seguía allí, con él. ―¡¿Dónde estabas, estúpido Vincent? ―Jerome golpeó el pecho de Vincent quien, sin embargo, no se detuvo y continúo en su intento de abrazarlo. Finalmente Eugene se dejó hacer entre los brazos de su pareja, quien, antes de cargarlo, le acarició y besó la cabeza, intentando tranquilizarlo. Vincent depositó con gentileza el cuerpo de Eugene sobre la cama, después se sentó a lado de él. Con cuidado limpió sus lágrimas; se inclinó hacia él y besó sus labios con dulzura. ―Estoy aquí ―la apacible voz de Vincent provocó que los ojos de Jerome se volviesen a anegar en lágrimas―. No me iré, jamás lo haré. \" Mentiroso\" , pensó Jerome, \"eres un mentiroso, pronto te irás del planeta y me dejarás. Tarde o temprano todos me dejan\" . No obstante, el joven parapléjico no dijo nada. A veces era mejor así. En ocasiones era mejor vivir engañado. Gracias por leer. ","Summary":" Cuando todos te dejan Jerome abrió los ojos. Tardó unos segundos en acostumbrarse a la oscuridad, p"},{"Movie":"The Mask","Title":"The Mask Unleashed","Author":"curveballmask","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10080240","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Jenn stuffed the rest of the costume into her duffel bag while her cat looked at her, perplexed. She was an hour behind, and she could imagine the throngs of people already gathering in lines outside the convention centre. She took one last look at her dingy apartment, her dirty dishes rattling from the the sound of a low-flying airplane passing above, and rushed out the door. Forty-five minutes on a packed, sweaty bus, and she was almost there. Comic-Con banners flew by her on either side, and she noticed more and more people in costumes on the bus, a sure sign that they were all headed to the same place. After another forty-five minutes of standing in line under the hot sun to get inside the convention centre, Jenn found herself no further along than when she arrived. Just then, she noticed a shrewd looking homeless man with a beard, pushing a shopping cart full of cans. He pulled his taped-together sunglasses down off the bridge of his nose, looking straight at Jenn, and pointed at a side entrance that no one seemed to be using. She nodded quickly, looking around, and slipped out of the line, flashing her badge to security at the side entrance and scurried away to the women's bathroom. Finally, she was inside, in air conditioning, staring at herself in the mirror. She was short, with a tiny frame, and brown hair that she was pulling back under a cap to cover with a blonde wig. She had just finished changing into her costume for the first day of the convention: Power Girl. She wore a white one-piece jumpsuit with a hole cut in the chest, but the material was somewhat ill-fitting, since she had sewn it herself. On top of this, her figure was nowhere even close to the character in the comics, but she wore it with commitment, and with just enough padding to bear a passing, if not crude resemblance. Jenn had been to a number of pointless auditions in the last few months, and for her, it was a relief to cast herself in a part she wanted to play, whether she was truly right for it or not. Still hoping to make up some time, Jenn hurried into a back hallway and crammed her duffel bag with her street clothes into a locker, throwing a combination lock on it and finally feeling free to wander around the convention centre. Who knows, maybe she'd get noticed, meet some new friends, or even a casting director! At the very least, Comic Con was a chance for her to escape the growing reality that she wasn't getting any work as an actress. Jenn stepped out in a main lobby area in the convention center, adjusting her wig slightly. It was just past 10 a.m, and the first wave of fans had come and gone, the lobby area humming with a low energy smattering of geeks and half-assed cosplayers. After a moment, Jenn's noticed a curvy young woman dressed as Catwoman in black leather strutting by, a small crowd of men (and some women) taking pictures with their phones and begging for interviews. \"Oh, please, please, one at a time…\" Catwoman said, not looking at any of them in particular, her long neck stretched high, her chest sticking out as she walked. Jenn's eyes tracked her all the way across the space until she disappeared through a set of double doors. Now alone, she looked down at her scuffed-up blue Power Girl boots, depressed that no one had even stopped her for so much as a lousy picture. 'It was obviously that girl's figure,' Jenn thought, especially in that outfit, and as revealing as her own Power Girl costume was, there's no way she could compete with goods like that. \"Excuse me…\" a voice said, from beside her. She turned to see a very well built man, dressed in a contemporary 'Man of Steel' style Superman costume, smiling broadly at her, his hair perfect, his costume as impressively constructed and nuanced as his muscular body. Jenn trembled inside, trying to project a more confident demeanour for her first fan encounter, and one dressed up as her childhood crush, at that. \"Y-yes, Superman?\" \"Do you know that girl's name, that Catwoman girl?\" Superman said, gesturing casually to the double doors. Jenn rolled her eyes and crossed her arms, sighing frustratedly. \"Eghh, sorry.\" she said, wheeling around and heading for one of the convention halls, to look at comic, posters, *anything* to get away from people for a minute… She darted into Hall D, quickly finding herself in a canyon of rack-mounted comic and movie posters to flip through, mounted on rows and rows of swinging metal frames. Her eyes scanned the artwork, but she didn't even process it. \"Come on, Jenn…\" she said, chiding herself. \"You can't get upset anytime someone else gets attention. That's part of the fun of going to this place. You'll meet people. Give it some time…\" she said, flipping another poster at the end of the rack, and behind it – a bright green face, grinning at her! \"Sssssmokin!\" a young man in a yellow suit said, clearly dressed as The Mask. He had enormous fake teeth in his mouth, and his face was painted a convincing electric green, probably about 18 or 19 years old. He held the grin, and then it faded as an awkward moment hung between him and Jenn, until the reference dawned on her. \"Oh, 'The Mask', right? Cool! I'm Jenn – err, Power Girl.\" she said, shaking his hand. \"Edward!\" he said in a playfully official sounding voice. Edward was swimming in his yellow suit, which had the right look, but was clearly two sizes too big big. He adjusted the zoot suit hat, revealing a glimpse of his slicked jet black hair. \"I saw your costume from over there. Pretty cool. Aaaaand I noticed you're not in any of the talks right now.\" Edward said, suspiciously. \"Oh, it's all superhero movie stuff right now, I think. I'm pretty sure I don't need to wait two hours to watch a trailer in a crowded room. I come here to meet artists, fans, and you know, dress up.\" Jenn said, meekly. \"Amen. Fans like you and me, we gotta stick together.\" Edward said, defiantly. \"Hollywood thinks they can invade our thing. Pfft! They'll leave it behind in the dust like they do with everything. It'll still be ours when they're done with it.\" Jenn was getting a little bored with Edward's outspokenness, and wandered away, half-nodding. \"Soo…you wanna get a bite to eat?\" Jenn looked over at Edward, a rush of blood running up the back of her neck, not expecting to get hit on. She was flattered, but Edward was too young…and too skinny…and too greasy for her, even if his costume was kind of cool. \"Oh…\" Jenn said, not finding the right words for this moment at all. \"I have an unlimited meal card. My dad does the catering for some of this stuff.\" Edward said, proudly. Jenn's eyes lit up, having not much more than a few dollars and a sandwich shop punch card to her name. Five minutes later, Jenn and Edward were sitting in the cafeteria, a parade of wookies bustling behind them as they ate fried food and looked through the contents of Edward's Comic Con bag. \"You have to be prepared,\" Edward explained, his green face paint stretching and cracking on his skin after only a few hours of wear. \"I have water, my phone (obviously), green face paint, spare batteries, face powder, sharpies, and then comics and whatnot.\" Edward spilled out some collectibles from another pocket of the bag, among them, Mask comics, and a wooden mask prop. \"Whoa, is that the real thing?\" Jenn asked, surprised that Edward had a real prop in his bag. \"Pfft, it's a replica, I think. I'll get it signed, or something. Maybe I'll sell it, I don't know. Feels pretty cheap, probably made in Thailand or something, painted in a sweatshop by little kids.\" Jenn shot Edward a dirty look, which he didn't understand the intent of. Edward picked up the prop and obnoxiously banged it several times on the cafeteria table, the clang of the wood echoing in the half-filled cafeteria. People around them started to look, and Jenn grabbed it from him – \"Ssssh! There's people eating here.\" she said in a hushed voice, turning it over in her hands. \"What? They're like, ten times louder than us.\" Edward said, repacking his bag. Jenn was only in her mid-twenties, but she felt like their age difference was going to get on her nerves more and more if they were going to spend any amount of time together. She looked at the wooden mask, feeling the grooves with her fingers, enjoying the weight in her hands. \"You like that thing? It's yours. Keep it.\" Edward said between bites. Jenn smiled a little, clutching the mask in her hands, unable to explain to herself why she was responding to it. She brought it up a few inches from her face, looking at Edward through the eye holes. He gave her a quick raise of his eyebrows, clearly more interested in eating than anything else in this moment. She studied the texture of the inside of the mask, fascinated by its polish and shine, almost like some kind of luminescent stone. \"They really make these things detailed…\" she said to herself, under her breath. After a moment of being hypnotized by the mask, she put it down beside her, and exhaled. \"I think I have to go change.\" Jenn said to Edward, with directness. He just looked at her… \"Honestly, I think I'm trying too hard with this outfit. It's not…me. I think I want to wear my street clothes, and just enjoy the first day, you know? I have other costumes for all the other days. I don't need to push it.\" Jenn said, admitting this to herself for the first time, and feeling relief about not needing to look like a perfect Power Girl. \"I'll meet you back in the lobby, ok?\" Jenn said as Edward nodded. Jenn was back in the women's bathroom, escaping from her Power Girl costume and putting on her street clothes once more, which was a total relief. She stepped out of the stall and looked at herself – she wore a loose fitting, long-sleeved olive shirt, beat-up jeans, and had her hair tied back, which looked sweaty and had needed a wash for several days now. Not that she had been turning heads as Power Girl, but dressed in her street clothes, Jenn realized that she looked frumpy, and…average. It was depressing. Jenn looked down in her duffel bag beside her, seeing the mask. 'Even a dumb tribal mask prop would be more exciting than my own stupid face', Jenn thought to herself. She brought it up to her face, wanting to see her eyes through the dark wood, and immediately the mask leapt onto her head with a force of its own! It twisted and stretched from its rigid form into something distinctly alive, creaking and expanding from its ridges, streaks of green light cracking from deep within, releasing vast amounts of energy into the empty bathroom. Jenn began to keel over as the mask engulfed her entire head, the wood turning to green rubber, and she started to feel claustrophobic as the stretchy material covered her ears, only letting her hear her own breathing… She seizured around the bathroom as her body began to change, the mask getting stretchier and vivdly green as it clung tightly to her skin, the iron noseplate disappearing… \"Ughnn!\" Jenn cried through the mask, her sounds muffled as the painful transformation was still taking place. Her round face began to get distinctly angular, with a strong jawline becoming prominent. Her loose fitting shirt began to cling to her skin as she grew taller, inch after inch, her clothes changing and melding together. Jenn could feel her personality and inhibitions melting into the background as another presence in her mind emerged. Jet black hair appeared in a frenzy, tumbling and twisting down the sides of her head, with sharp cheekbones and eyebrows emerging to match, along with skintight black leather pants, knee-high boots, a black leather jacket, and a black tank top. Jenn's new features looked somewhere between Sofia Vergara and Angelina Jolie, but with an eternally youthful, somewhat devious slant. She stopped in place, looking at herself in the mirror as she put her hands on her hips, her chest suddenly bulging out generously to fill out her ludicrously low-cut tank top. Looking at herself in the mirror as the Mask, her jaw dropped in shock at her new appearance. \"Hot.\" she declared, leaning on one side of her hips, her leather pants creaking. The Mask pulled at the edge of her face, pulling the mask a little tighter, and snapped it back. \"Perfect fit, too.\" she said, smirking. ","Summary":" Jenn stuffed the rest of the costume into her duffel bag while her cat looked at her, perplexed. Sh"},{"Movie":"The Mask","Title":"The masked teen","Author":"derrickdcrawford","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11861790","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I DO NOT OWN THE MASK it all started on the day of my 16th birthday where I had just woken up,bright eyed and bushy tailed,to my mother's voice. \"Derek,wake up! you don't want to sleep all day on your 16th birthday!\" She called me from downstairs. \"Coming mom!\" I said. ","Summary":" I DO NOT OWN THE MASK it all started on the day of my 16th birthday where I had just woken up,brigh"},{"Movie":"The Mask","Title":"Peggy Brandt and The Mask Christmas - Remake","Author":"dec181985","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10916116","Passage":"[Chapter 1] One day, Peggy and the others decide to go to the North pole. When they get there, the see the elves making toys. Just then, a bunch of masks appear in front of the elves. When the elves see the masks, they try on the masks. The masks start to latch on, causing them to yank them off. Soon after, the masks shimmer causing them to bring the masks to their faces. The masks jump out of their hands and latch on causing their bodies to spin around in mini-twisters filled with thunder, lightning and wind. When the mini-twisters stop, we find the elves with green and red faces. \"S-s-smokin'!\" the elves all say at once. Just then, Mrs. Claus comes to check on them and a mask hits her in the face. Soon after. her body starts to spin around in a mini-twister filled with thunder, lightning and wind. When the mini-twister stops, we find Mrs. Claus looking different. She has on the same outfit she usually wears, but her head and face down to the start of her neck is lime green in color. Soon after, she looks at her reflection. \"S-s-smokin!\" she said, excitedly. Meanwhile, Santa is just waking up after a long nap. When he heads downstairs to see what's going on, another mask hits him in the face. Just then, his body spins around in a mini-twister filled with thunder, lightning and wind. When the mini-twister stops, we find Santa looking different. He is wearing the same suit he usually wears, but his head and face down to the start of his neck is lime green in color. Soon after, he looks at his reflection. \"S-s-smokin'!\" he said, excitedly. Then he heads outside and takes off. When he pulls out a bunch of masks, he drops them from his sleigh. The masks land on everybody's faces causing them to spin around in mini-twisters filled with thunder, lightning and wind. When they stop, everyone has red and green faces. \"Have a s-s-smokin' Christmas everybody!\" Santa says, heading back to his work shop. When he gets there, he sees Peggy and the others had left to go home. Santa uses his mask powers to turn everyone into babies. And they all lived happily ever after... The End ","Summary":" One day, Peggy and the others decide to go to the North pole. When they get there, the see the elve"},{"Movie":"The Mask","Title":"Lily Mason, Misty Starbucks and the masks","Author":"dec181985","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12540756","Passage":"[Chapter 1] When Madison goes off to help, she finds two girls in a spaceship being held captive by a alien lobster with a green head. Lily and the others were just keeping up with them when the alien fired a laser atMadison. Madison blew wind out of her mouth causing the laser to fire back at the spaceship and it crashed. Madison picked up the spaceship and the two girls grabbed the alien and found a way out. The two girls grabbed the alien's face and started to pull causing a mask to come off. Lily grabbed Madison's face and started to pull causing another mask to come off. \"Wait a second they're are two masks,\" everybody said in unison. Lily grabbedone of the masks. One of the othergirlsgrabbed the other mask. \"Who are you two?\"Lily asked. \"My name is Misty Starbucks!\" the girl holding the mask said. \"My name is Mya Lipchitz!\" the other girl said. \"Hi Misty and Mya, my name is Lily Mason!\" Lily said. \"And my name is Madison Dukesburry!\" Madison said. \"My name is Gargantua and I will destroy you all!\" the alien said. \"Not if I have anything to say about it!\" Nurse Bupkiss said. \"Or me!\"Danielle Boones said, angrily. \"Watch out for those two! They're evil!\" Lily told them. Misty brought the mask she had to her face causing herbody to spin around in a tornado. When the tornado stops, we find Misty totally transformed! Misty's hair is down to her knees, her head and face down to the start of her neck is lime green in color. She has on a blue and white striped dress and on her feet are blue and white striped slippers. Lily brought the other mask to her face causing her body to spin around in a tornado as well. When the tornado stops, we find Lily transformed as well! Lily's hair is down to her ankles, her head and face down to the start of her neck is lime green in color. She has on a purple and white striped dress and on her feet are purple and white striped slippers. When Misty and Lily look at each other, Lily goes after Nurse Bupkiss and the poacher while Misty goes after Gargantua. Gargantua and the two others are in for a shock when Lily and Misty catch up to them. ","Summary":" When Madison goes off to help, she finds two girls in a spaceship being held captive by a alien lob"},{"Movie":"The Mask","Title":"Peggy Brandt and The Mask Halloween - Remake","Author":"dec181985","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10791225","Passage":"[Chapter 1] When Peggy and the other 'masked' members wake up, they find out that it's Halloween morning. Peggy grabs some toilet paper, and throws it at one house. What are you doing?\" Eve asked, curiously. \"I thought we could toilet paper some houses, then we'll go trick-or-treating!\" Peggy said, excitedly. \"Great idea, they'll never know it was us!\" Mitch said, approvingly. After they got done with the houses, they start trick-or-treating. When they were done at one houses they check what they got. \"I got a axe!\" Peggy said. \"I got a hatchet!\" Eve said. \"I got a rock!\" Bub said. They go to the second house, then check out what they got there. \"I got a chainsaw!\" Lubby Dubby said. \"I got a buzz saw!\" White Magic said. \"I got a rock!\" Black Magic said. They go to a third house, then check out what else they got. \"I got a machine gun!\" Kathy said. \"I got a rifle!\" Emily said. \"I got a rock!\" Mitch said. They go to another house, then decide to check what they got. \"I got a machete!\" Tina said. \"I got a sword!\" Chuck said. \"I got a rock!\" Double-D said. Then at the final house, they gave out candy which makes them check their bags again. \"I got a zero bar!\" Peggy said. \"I got a snickers dark!\" Tina said. \"I got a rock!\" Eve said. After they get done trick-or-treating, they all head home to take a nap. When they go to sleep, they know they have to wait for the holidays to come. The End ","Summary":" When Peggy and the other 'masked' members wake up, they find out that it's Halloween morning. Peggy"},{"Movie":"The Mask","Title":"Peggy Brandt and The Mask 4th of July - Remake","Author":"dec181985","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10506151","Passage":"[Chapter 1] When we see Peggy and the others, they get ready to for the 4th of July. They start with sparklers first. When they're done with those, they decide to light some glow worms. Then, they go onto the big fireworks. Peggy and the others each grab a bottle rocket at fire them at each other. Then, the hop on the bottle rockets and hang on as the rockets explode with them on the bottle rockets. As they blow up, they fall to the ground laughing like lunatics. Then, they decide to light off the big one as it shoots out any kind of firework you could think of. As it ended, the girls decided since they had extra bottle rockets they'd fire them at dogs that barked as they went by. Once they ran through some fences dogs started chasing them. As they got out, they got ready to fire the rockets. Everybody lit them and watched the dogs run away as if their tails were on fire. \"This has been one fun day, I hope this can last forever!\" Peggy said. Then, Peggy and the others pick up the fireworks and toss them into a bucket of water. Then after they cooled down, they took the fireworks out of the bucket and dumped the water out. After that, they threw the fireworks away. When the sun was down, they all headed home to take a nap. After they got home, they went to their rooms and fell asleep. For them, the fun truly never ended. There were other holidays they could have fun on. As they slept, they decided to wait to see what they could do when the other holidays finally arrived. The End ","Summary":" When we see Peggy and the others, they get ready to for the 4th of July. They start with sparklers "},{"Movie":"The Mask","Title":"Cookie's Mask","Author":"Zoroarkhunter","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9803180","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Cookie's Mask I do not own any right to the movie \"The Mask\", all rights belong to \"Dark Horse Comics\" and to \"Dark Horse entertainment\". This is a little story of which I made to be both entertainment and for other uses. It was a dark night as Mayor Mortimer Tilton came home from another date with his exotic dancer girlfriend, to him she was beautiful and she knew how to make her man happy without losing herself to perversion but he was growing tired of her. Soon he walked to his home office where he had his assistant Smedley deliver some serious paperwork on some new permits and for some new regulations among the city, suddenly as he turned on the lights he came to find the local superhero \"The Mask\" sitting in his office chair but instead of his normal goofy grin he had a serious look on his face. Debating on whether or not to call the police Mayor Tilton walked up to the mask and sat down in one of the chairs he kept around. \"So what do I owe this unwanted visit Mask, you know that I am a very busy man.\" Mayor Tilton asked the mask who then cleared his throat before talking. \"Look Mayor Tilton I know you plan to dump your current girlfriend in a couple days, I saw you with another woman yesterday of which couldn't be a friend from what I saw her do for you. I come to you because telling by her ego and temper I doubt that she would take being dumped easy, seriously I watched as she said that no one has ever dumped her.\" Swallowing hard the mayor thought over what the mask told him of which he began to think, before he could tell his latest lie he was stopped by the mask. \"Look I'm here because when she does snap and tries something, I want you to consent to her disappearing completely although when she does vanish I don't mean she will be forgotten. She will just disappear within my Norse magic but I need you to consent, will you let me take her away so that she will never bother you again?\" The mask asked as he got up from his chair and placed both on the desk, the mayor thought about his offer and in the end he nodded yes. The Mask then pulled out an old scroll and his lucky feather then handed it to the Mayor who found it strange, as he found the signature line he saw that it stated upon her break down he is to erase all proof she existed. Once he signed the contract the Mask then put the contract in his pocket and put his feather back on his hat, he then walked out the door peacefully which surprised the mayor to no end. A few days later he dumped his girlfriend in his normal fashion, his assistant leaving her a message and bribing her to keep her mouth shut about their relationship. (Three weeks later) Mayor Mortimer Tilton had to sign a bill to declaring tomorrow Bavarian day when suddenly his assistant Smedley told him that his ex-girl friend Cookie Baboom the exotic dancer was coming up in a trench coat, telling Smedley to get her out of here before she ruined his wholesome image he soon learned that Cookie had made dynamite bikini with two megatons of high grade explosives underneath her trench coat. Once the public saw that she had dynamite they all went into a panic trying to evade the upcoming explosion, luckily she was having a hard time with the detonator thus giving everyone time to run away. Meanwhile both the mayor and his assistant were busy cowering from Cookie, thinking fast the mayor told his assistant to disarm her but he yelled at him telling the mayor that he doesn't get paid enough to stop a woman like her nor could he. Suddenly Cookie appeared to have fixed her detonator and was about to blow them all to kingdom come but suddenly The Mask appeared and caught her hand in a mouse trap, running off to get the mouse trap off Cookie dropped her detonator thus leaving the mask to chat with the mayor. Doing his impression of a bartender the mayor and his assistant being bewild, the mask then went to Cookie where he disarmed her by ripping the dynamite from her body and spinning her. Later as she spun the mask whispered in the mayors' ear that the time has come for him to fulfill their deal, with a smirk the mask then spat on his hands and whispered something before both Lt. Mitch Kellaway and Detective Doyle arrived to arrest the mask. Thinking quickly the mask stopped Cookie by grabbing her shoulders but to the mayors' eyes he watched as two strange markings appeared on Cookie's shoulders, as both the lieutenant and the detective fell to her body the mayor and his assistant took enjoyment of her naked flesh. Soon Cookie gathered her trench coat and was on her way while the mask suffered the side affect of drinking her bikini cocktail, but he soon stopped and went after Cookie who was safely back in her apartment trying to get over her anger. As she went to locate a blunt object to strike the mask the lights in her apartment went out leaving her to be concerned but she brushed it off, suddenly as she felt as two hands grab her shoulders and pull her into the closet. As she struggled to get free she felt as her trench coat fell off again and her perpetrator grabbed both her arms, suddenly she felt as a strange sensation covered her body she felt as it started in her shoulders and worked its way through her body. Once the sensation covered her whole body she felt as if she was being pulled into something, turning her head she watched as a small box with Norse markings on it pull her inside it. She tried to escape but no matter what she tried she couldn't escape the box as it pulled her into it, she was down to her shoulders when she saw the perpetrators shoes and his yellow pants looking up she saw his green face with a smile. It was then that she lost her grip and was fully pulled into the box and it slammed shut and everything went dark for her, as she looked down she saw another source of light at the bottom of the box as she fell of which grew brighter as she fell. Once she reached it she found that she landed on a large pillow in the shape of the symbol for Loki, as she prepared to leave she was soon ambushed by several weird little people with green faces they went up to her and forced her down where they measured every part of her body. She tried to get free but to no luck, it appeared that the more she struggled the stronger they appeared. She felt as one of them weighed her before another forced a tube into her mouth and poured a strange blue liquid down her throat that made her insides burn, as she got up the little green faced men finished their business by forcing a strange cloth like panty loincloth and a cloth bra. They then led her to a strange door that reacted with the liquid she was forced to drink, she soon felt as her skin hardened and her joints grow bending marks, she watched as herself though a floating mirror as she became a living mannequin. Once the transformation was complete she felt as the little green faced men carried her to another door where they placed her inside, once in she heard a voice telling her that this is her fate now and forever. Back in the real world the Mask had just made it to the \"Coco bongo Karaoke contest\" and won, on his way out he stopped by Mayor Tiltons' house where the mayor sat drinking a bottle of scotch to get over today's events. Looking up the mayor saw the mask with a satisfied smirk on his face, with a deep sigh mayor Tilton leaned back and told the mask that all information on \"Rebecca Cookie Baboom\" had been erased and only the people that knew her remember her. The mask thanked him and told him that he was a decent man and that he will not have to worry about her ever again, he then left the mayor's office making him try to relax. As time went on he wondered what ever happened to her but in then remembered that the mask took her away, he had a decent life now and that he eventually forgot about her. In truth Cookie had been sucked into the mini-dimension that the mask uses to store all his stuff, she remained inside there where she was subjected to many horrors that the little men did many strange and disturbing things to her. She also found that the liquid she drank had removed any chance of her leaving as the little green faced men could do many things to her after they turned her back to flesh and blood, she had suffered the indignity of becoming a human balloon, being hypnotized and worst of all subjected to many degrading things. As much as she hated to admit it she knew that this was her life now and forever, she did try to escape but always found her way back to the same spot. ","Summary":" Cookie's Mask I do not own any right to the movie \"The Mask\", all rights belong to \"Dark Horse C"},{"Movie":"The Mask","Title":"Evil Tina & The Mask","Author":"tesseract9","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11808149","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \"You sure you're not going to miss this guy? When he's gone, all that's left is me...\" Stanley mused, flipping the mask around in his hands, standing next to Tina on the bridge. Tina glanced at the sunset dipping behind Edge City, brushing back her blonde hair. \"Maybe just one more time. I'd love to say goodbye to him,\" she said. He smirked and rolled his eyes a little, obliging, and widened his stance as he put the mask on in front of his new girlfriend one more time. A few bright flashes and a ear-splitting tornado later, Stanley stood in front of her as The Mask once again. He beamed at her with that mischievous energy. \"Oooooh, I'm BACK, good lookin,\" he said through his huge grin, back in his signature yellow suit, the mask wrapped tightly around his head. Tina's heart leapt, seeing her crush once again. \"I wasn't just going to let you throw this thing away...\" she said, stroking his rubbery jaw, stepping closer, putting her arms around him. \"Excuse me, 'thing'?!\" The Mask shouted incredulously, suddenly getting lost in Tina's eyes. He started grinding his teeth, desperate for her, and planted a kiss on her lips, his hands running down the back of her tight black and red dress. As his hands moved down her back, Tina's hands moved up, deftly digging her long nails into The Mask's green rubber seam at the back of his head - he pulled away from the kiss, his jaw dropping onto the metal rail of the bridge as she started pulling. \"Guhhh!\" he moaned, convulsing as she giggled, draining his powers as she pried the mask apart, peeling it towards her. \"Stop it, hot stuff! I get the joke! Very funny, now cut it out, I'm - I'm -\" The Mask stammered, his cut features and high cheekbones shrivelling into green wood as a tornado began whipping around his suit, transforming him back to normal. As Stanley stumbled back in a cloud, he looked up to see Tina's face already covered in the green wood, her legs wobbling on her high heels as the mask transformed her. Its tendrils gripped her scalp fiercely, completely covering her blonde hair as she backed up into the railing, her curves filling out dramatically as her transformation completed. She looked to him with wild, piercing eyes, her chest heaving with new energy. \"Ssssssmokin!\" Tina bellowed, grinding her huge teeth, her new busty-bombshell figure bulging in her tight black dress. \"Ti...Tina?\" Stanley stammered, timidly, reaching out to touch her waist to see if she was real. He barely recognized the bald girl in front of him, her long blonde hair trapped underneath the smooth, thick surface of the mask, which made her gorgeous facial features even more dramatic. \"What's the matter? See something you like?\" she said, putting her hands on her hips, looking down at her cartoonish cleavage and tiny waist. Stanley couldn't even muster a response, he just stared, leading Tina to narrow her eyes, something evil brewing. She grinded her teeth, and in a few spins, made herself more muscular, stockier, almost like Gina Carano, as she took another step towards Stanley. \"You're just JEALOUS.\" she said slyly, picking Stanley up and gingerly tossing him in the air above her, catching him by the ankles, dangling him over the water. \"See you later, sweetheart. Enjoy a little dip,\" she said, winking, and let go of his legs, sending him plummeting relatively safely to the river as she turned around, dusting off her hands, adjusting the mask to fit even tighter. Walking towards the city, the sky becoming an inky black, she transformed out of her muscular Gina Carano physique and striped dress into a tight black latex suit, opting for her more traditional busty bombshell figure, ready to seduce anyone she came across. She squinted, looking at one particular skyscraper in the distance as she walked along the bridge, determined. \"Hmm, I'd better make a little stop.\"[Chapter 2] Glass showered across a marble floor as Tina broke into the empty Edge City Bank, shards bouncing off her tight black latex suit as she stepped over the jagged doorframe. It was night – no one was around, and all that could be heard was the sound of her high heels and squeaky latex suit echoing in the enormous bank. She grinned to herself, heading towards the vault, feeling more and more confident by the second. \"Who knew wearing the mask was this much fun?\" she said to herself, winking to a security camera as she passed it by, blowing a kiss to another, playfully putting a 'sizzling' finger on her rear to a third camera as she arrived a thick, barred gate, the vault lying just behind it. She rubbed her hands together, grinding her teeth with excitement at the challenge as she reached out and bent the bars like liquorice, muscles bulging in her catsuit for just the instant that she needed them, before snapping back to her svelte, hourglass figure. \"Ooooh, perfect,\" she said, squeezing through the new gap in the bars, struggling to shove her bust past the narrow opening before she stumbled into the other side, running her hands down her latex suit, adjusting it. \"Now for the real show…\" she said, playfully fingering the combination dial to the enormous bank vault door. She shimmied right up to it, pressing the ear of her mask against the cold metal. She slipped her tongue past her lips slowly, extending it longer and longer before wrapping it around the combination lock dial, tightening her grip on it like some strange creature. With a huge smile on her face, her mouth wide open, she began spinning the combination dial back and forth, retracting and extending her tongue as needed as she felt and heard it click, drool dripping onto her long, black legs, slowly cracking the combination. CLANG. The bolts popped back inside the vault door, and it slowly, silently, swung away from Tina. Wiping the drool off her rubbery lips, she chuckled to herself, stepping in. \"This was too easy!\" Just then, a pair of hands grabbed her shoulders, a head popping out from behind her – it was Stanley, in his signature yellow suit, also wearing…The Mask? \"Am I late to the party, sweetheart?\" he shouted, grinding her teeth back and forth before shoving her into the vault, slamming the enormous door behind him. She slid along the marble floor, gasping, her latex suit screeching, before slamming face-first into a wall of safety deposit boxes. Massaging her face back to a three-dimensional shape, she looked up at The Mask, approaching her. \"But…*I'm* wearing it – how can you…\" \"Looks like I caught a lucky break under that bridge! It seems there's more than one mask in town. After all, finders keepers, losers weepers…\" he said, cackling, picking her up by the head, taking out a key from his pocket with his other hand and deftly opening a small safety deposit box, shoving and slamming Tina's masked face with the door of it, holding her still. \"Nggghghhh!\" her limbs sprawled as he greedily ran his hands up and down her curves before examining the seam at the back of her mask, pinching it. \"I don't think you'll be needing this anymore…\" he concluded, violently plunging his hand into it and pulling, beginning to unmask her. Tina stood up stood up straight, pulling her face out of the metal box, gasping and moaning at the feeling of losing her powers, staring straight into The Mask's greedy, devious eyes. Just as Tina's luscious figure and black latex began melting back into her normal dress, her mask withering and wrinkling back into wood, she reached into Stanley's pocket and pulled out an enormous mallet, using all her remaining strength to crack him in the face with it. WHAM! He flew across the vault, slamming into the closed door, half-unconscious. \"Hmmph!\" Tina exclaimed, fixing her mask, regaining her perfect looks as she strutted towards him with a mix of rage and psychotic delight. She dropped onto her knees, straddling The Mask, grabbing him by the rubbery cheeks so he would listen. \"Listen, IPKISS. I know you're nothing without that mask, and it's finally *my* turn to take this city.\" she said, viciously, spit flying with every other word. The Mask grimaced, still trying to maintain his confidence, grinning cheekily as he felt her straddle him. \"I take my eye off you for one second, and you go and steal my powers? You know better than that.\" he said, lecturing her. \"I'm not just some floozy, helpless girlfriend anymore! I'm The MASK!\" she shouted, banging his head against the floor for effect, which he seemed to enjoy. \"I think that's my name, sweetheart. Plus, you know I'm more powerful than you. You'll never stand a chance. Go ahead and take it off now, I'll wait…\" he said, grinning. She arched an eyebrow. \"Oh YEAH?\" she said, grinning, and unzipped a few inches of her latex suit down the front with one hand, painfully slowly. As the zipper dropped down, her enormous new cleavage bulged as the fabric opened, her chest hanging just inches away from The Mask's face. His jaw dropped, and before he could made a crude remark, she smothered his rubbery face with it, his yellow-suited legs and arms kicking as she giggling, continuing to straddle him, leaning forward more and more, her hands wrapping around the back of his mask. \"Mmmph! MMMPH!\" he shouted, unable to think or breathe, as Tina grinned with delight. Still smothering him, she fumbling around, and finally found the seam at the back of his mask. Tina pondered if she should pull it off, pondered what would happen if she had the power of two masks… ","Summary":" \"You sure you're not going to miss this guy? When he's gone, all that's left is me...\" Stanley mu"},{"Movie":"The Mask","Title":"Return of the Mask","Author":"Nickstar777","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10608930","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The Mask really is one of the most hilarious films ever, this is my idea of a third instalment Disclaimer: I do not own The Mask In Edge City, a teenage boy, wearing a black button down shirt and sky blue jeans with dark brown hair was at the harbour, he liked to come here to relax and draw in his sketchbook, his name was Jack, he had just finished with his sketch of the city, before a dog ran towards him with a stick in it's mouth. \"Hey, Roadie, it's getting late, let's go home\" said Jack before picking up the dog and walking home. The next day, Jack was at school, he walked over to a girl with auburn hair, pale skin and glasses, she was wearing a pink sweater and white jeans. \"Hey, Emily\" said Jack \"Hey Jack, how are things with you?\" asked Emily Jack and Emily had been best friends for years, Jack had developed romantic feelings for Emily a couple years ago, however, Emily had a boyfriend. \"Things have been good, hey, I just finished some new drawings, you wanna see?\" asked Jack \"Sure\" said Emily Jack pulled his sketchpad out of his backpack and showed Emily the new drawings he worked on recently, including the one of the city from yesterday. \"These are really good\" said Emily A teenager who was above average in height, dressed in a black t shirt, ripped jeans and had some piercings walked over to the 2. \"Hey Babe, hey Mack\" said the teenager \"It's Jack\" said Jack \"Hey Logan\" said Emily Logan was Emily's boyfriend, and Jack's rival, he was a selfish jerk, it was unknown why Emily even went out with him. \"Um, what's going on here between you two?\" asked Logan \"Jack was just showing me these drawings he did\" said Emily Logan grabbed Jack's sketchpad. \"I've seen better drawings from my pet snake\" said Logan \"Come on, Logan, be nice\" said Emily \"I was\" said Logan After School, Jack returned to the harbour, he didn't bring Roadie with him, he started his newest sketch, when Logan arrived. \"Well, well, well, if it isn't Tack\" said Logan \"It's Jack, not that hard to remember\" \"Listen, I know you and Emily have a history together, but she's mine, and if I see you near her again, I am going to take your little notepad and shove it down your throat\" said Logan \"Look, Logan, me and Emily are just friends, although, I am curious why she's dating a self centred, manipulative, jackass like you\" said Jack Logan took Jack over his shoulder and threw him into the water. \"See, that's exactly my point\" said Jack Logan picked up Jack's sketchpad and tore up a bunch of the drawings. \"NO!\" yelled Jack Logan finished up by throwing the sketchpad into the water, then he walked away. \"No, no, no, no, it took me years to finish those drawings\" said Jack Jack got out of the water, when he got out of the water, he noticed a wooden mask on the ground. \"What's this?\" asked Jack Jack picked up the mask and put it in his backpack, he also grabbed the destroyed sketchpad, and returned home. When he arrived home, he entered his room and threw the mask on a chair. The following day, after school, Jack was in the park on his own, when Emily arrived. \"Hey Jack, I heard about what happened with Logan, I'm really sorry\" said Emily \"Why? It wasn't your fault, but I am surprised you are with him\" said Jack \"I broke up with him, he was a jerk\" said Emily \"Tell me something I don't know\" said Jack \"Hey, tomorrow night, I'm going to be doing a small singing gig, here's an invitation incase you want to come\" said Emily \"Thanks\" said Jack That night, Jack stayed home while his parents were out, he had to finish some chores he kept forgetting about. When he grabbed some clothes off his chair, he saw the mask, he dropped the clothes and grabbed the mask. \"Huh? I wonder why someone would leave something like this at the harbour\" said Jack He turned the mask around and it started to shimmer. \"Whoa, freaky\" said Jack Jack tried to put the mask on, when the mask clutched to his face, he stared to spin around in a green tornado. When he stopped, he looked completely different, his hair was alot straighter and had blonde tips, his clothes changed to an emerald green suit with a black dress shirt and a matching fedora, and the weirdest part, his face had turned bright green. \"It's SHOWTIME\" said Jack Jack tried to leave, when he realised something. \"WAIT, I can't leave, I have chores\" said Jack Jack spun around in a tornado and moved all around the house, 5 seconds later, he stopped. \"DONE!\" said Jack before laughing Jack left the house and went for a bit of a walk, when he was encountered by a street tough. \"Hey, gimme your money\" said the man \"Gimme one good reason why I should\" said Jack The man pointed a sharp poker to Jack's face. \"I see your point, hang on one second\" said Jack Jack reached in his pocket and pulled out a tiny safe, he unlocked it and pulled out a big wad of cash, which the man proceeded to snatch, and Jack walked away. \"That's more I like it\" said the man The man looked at the money, instead of a president, there was a picture of Jack, wearing the mask, wearing a powdered wig. \"HEY!\" yelled the man Jack ran into an alley and jumped into a bin. The man opened the lid to the bin, it was empty. \"WHERE ARE YOU?!\" asked the man Jack emerged from a metal trash can behind the man, he stroked his chin until a light bulb appeared above his head. \"Try taking a closer look\" said Jack The man took a closer look and Jack tipped him into the bin and shut the lid. \"Huh, he's gonna get out of there pretty quickly, I KNOW\" said Jack Jack sat on the bin, took of his hat, reached inside and pulled out a piece of cheese. \"Nope, that's not it\" said Jack, putting back the cheese He reached his entire arm into the fedora, he pulled out an anvil. \"There it is\" said Jack Jack placed the anvil on the lid of the bin, then at lightning speed, he ran off. That ends the first chapter of my newest fic What do you think will happen next? READ AND REVIEW[Chapter 2] Now, just so you know, from now on, whenever someone wears the mask, I will change their name to something similar, so, for example, whenever Jack wears the mask, I will be calling him Jackie Disclaimer: I do not own The Mask Jack woke up the next morning, in his bed, he was completely tired out. \"Uh, it was just a dream\" said Jack Jack turned around in bed and saw the mask on a pillow, he tried not to scream because it would wake up his parents. \"Then again, maybe not\" said Jack Roadie entered Jack's room. \"Roadie, was I here last night? Roll over for yes, sit for no\" said Jack Roadie sat down. \"No? Then where was I?\" asked Jack Jack went downstairs, and after having his breakfast, turned on the news. \" And this just in, convicted robber, Antoine Edensor, was found trapped inside a trash bin with an anvil weighing down the lid, when asked what happened his only response was 'It was the guy with the green face' \" said the reporter \"No way\" said Jack Jack rushed upstairs to his computer, he searched 'Green Wooden Mask' and found a link to an online article about a man called Stanley Ipkiss. In 1994, former Bank Clerk, Stanley James Ipkiss, proclaimed to have found a wooden mask near Edge City Harbour, he said that when he put the mask on, he became a crazy cartoon character with a bright green face and no ears, he said he had over 100 hilarious super powers, great power is given to whoever wears the mask, but at the cost of their self control and their sanity. Ipkiss used the mask to catch convicted criminal, Deacon Tyrell, and then threw the mask back into the harbour. Jack started to believe that he possessed the same mask, or maybe it's just a coincidence. Jack did more research and found a link to a man called Tim Avery. In 2005, years after the events involving Stanley Ipkiss, a cartoonist called Tim Avery, created a comic book series about a man who gained bizarre powers when putting on a wooden mask, turning them into a green faced lunatic, during an interview, Avery said that the comic was based on true events, saying his dog found the mask, and at night, he would become a hilarious cartoon like Wildman, while wearing the mask, he proclaimed to have conceived a child, and said that his new son possessed the powers of the mask, all the while, he was being pursued by the Norse God of Mischief, Loki. After an epic battle, Avery said he gave Loki the mask and he returned home. However, many people believe Tim Avery had made up the story and had went crazy, however, a few people believe that Avery was telling the truth. \"Wait, if this is all true, then if Avery gave Loki the mask, then how do I have it?\" asked Jack Jack searched further, and found an article by Dr Arthur Neuman. Dr Arthur Neuman, an expert on masks, proclaimed to have met Stanley Ipkiss when he proclaimed to have found the mask, Neuman said the mask belonged to Loki, Norse God of Mischief and Deception, after Tim Avery returned the mask to Loki, many other people claimed to have found the mask themselves, in many cases, evidence has been presented to imply they may have been telling the truth, so it is possible that Loki had made 2 masks rather than one, but if this is true, it is unknown why, some people believe it was so that he could spread mischief across the world and still keep his own mask, others believe it was because he lost the original mask a second time, chances are that the world will never know for sure. \"So I must be the new owner of the mask\" said Jack Jack searched more and found a list of everyone who proclaimed to have found the mask after the events of 2005. Max Powell Richard Edwards Steven Daniels Thomas Jerry Geoff Green Adam Shane Staci Redwoods The only link between all 9 finders of the mask is that they all lived in Edge City, he found one more link, it was to a meeting between the 7 more recent wearers of the mask, Jack printed the address off and gets changed to go to school. Later that day, at school, he talked to Emily. \"Hey Emily\" said Jack \"Hey Jack, so, are you coming to my singing gig tonight?\" asked Emily \"I'm not sure if I can make it\" said Jack \"Oh, I was really looking forward to seeing you there tonight\" said Emily \"I'm sorry, but I think a friend of mine can make it\" said Jack \"What's he like?\" asked Emily \"You'll see\" said Jack That night, Jack put his invitation in his pocket and grabbed the mask. \"I really hope this works, Roadie\" said Jack Jack put on the mask, he turned into a tornado, when he stopped, he turned into the green faced trouble maker from last time, but this time, he was wearing a red suit. \"It is PARTY TIME\" said Jackie Jackie grabbed a picture of Emily. \"Get ready baby, DADDY'S COMING\" said Jackie Jackie jumped out the window and took a look at an old broken down car. \"Hm, I think this car needs an upgrade\" said Jackie He stepped in the car, he pulled a set of keys out of his shirt pocket and started the car, when it zoomed out, the car looked completely different. It had turned into an oversized red police car with a visible engine. \"Alot of horse power, time to gallop\" said Jackie Jackie drove out of the street and into a highway. Now Jackie was dressed as the lone ranger. \"High hoe Silver, AWAYYYYYYY!\" yelled Jackie Jackie took off like a bullet down the middle of the street. He eventually arrived. Jackie noticed a big flashing car button. \"I wonder what this does\" said Jackie Jackie pressed it and was ejected right out of the car, he pulled on his tie and a parachute emerged from the back of his shirt. When he landed, he walked up to the bouncer. \"You got an ticket?\" asked the bouncer. \"Of course\" said Jackie Jackie handed the bouncer a piece of card. \"This is a gift card for T.G.I. Friday\" said the bouncer \"Oops, maybe I left it in my other pants\" said Jackie \"I'm sorry, no tick...\" said the bouncer, before being cut off by Jackie \"Here they are\" said Jackie, holding up a pair of pants. He reached inside the pockets and pulled out the ticket Emily gave him. \"Alright, you may enter\" said the bouncer Jackie entered, the place was a nightclub, normally it wouldn't let under 18s in but tonight was for all ages. \"Now ladies and gentlemen, please welcome, the lovely, Emily\" said the announcer Emily walked on stage, she was wearing a pair of sky blue jeans, red shoes, a pink blouse and a black jean jacket, and her hair had been tied into a ponytail. \"Whoa my god\" said Jackie Emily started singing 'Catch Me If You Can' by Jess Moskaluke. When she was finished, Jackie's jaw dropped so much that it rolled off the sides of the table. \"Thank you Emily, that was great, now, if anyone of you in the audience would like to perform something yourself, don't hesitate to come up on stage\" said the owner Jackie quickly ran onto the stage, giving the owner a fright. \"Okay sir, what would you like to sing?\" asked the man Jackie whispered something in his ear. \"I'm not sure how that song goes\" said the man Jackie reached inside his shirt and pulled out some sheet music. \"Alright\" said the owner The owner gave the sheet music to the band performing the music for the singers. I gotcha with my winning smile, I'm a living lesson in flair and style! You just can't help but stare at my savoir-faire. I'm nouveau, Deco, Roman-Greco, Rococo, Barroco, be-bop, hip-hop, flip-flop SOMEBODY STOP ME! Pretty viridian faces like mine, Don't come a dime a dozen - I stand out of the crowd! Babe, when they made me, yeah, they broke the mold! Wholesome and kind, staid and refined, totally out of my mind! Arch-villains and ne'er-do-wells had better learn to decorate prison cells Green goes with anything if they ask, see! Well there's one last thing I gotta sing about Open up wide and really shout! OHHHH..LOOK OUT! I AM THE MASK! \"Wow, that was amazing, could we get your name?\" asked the owner \"Didn't you hear the song?\" asked Jackie Jackie pulled out a tape recorder and played back the last line of the song. Jackie went to leave the club when Emily caught up with him. \"Hey, nice job out there\" said Emily \"Thank you sweet cheeks, you were good too, really satisfied my sweet tooth\" said Jackie Jackie hopped in the car he brought over and rushed home. And that's it for chapter 2 READ AND REVIEW ","Summary":" The Mask really is one of the most hilarious films ever, this is my idea of a third instalment Disc"},{"Movie":"The Mask","Title":"Hey Diddle Diddle - The Bighead Killer Riddle","Author":"Citywriter84","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12072015","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Bighead's Riddle Jack was excited to read of the legend of the Big Head killer in the newspaper collection at his desk in the bedroom that evening. He studied the collection of Big Head news cuttings on his desk avidly. They told of the bloody history of that maniac in a grotesque green mask that caused murder and mayhem wherever he appeared. And he had so many forms. Bighead was not even always a man. His attention was so absorbed by Big Head, that his girlfriend Nadine was feeling lonely. \"Jack, come to bed.\" \"Can you believe this?\" Jack held up a cutting with the lurid green face of Big Head leering out of the page as if it were about to jump out. \"Big Head may have morphed - changed his body. Swollen to massive proportions.\" Nadine pushed her thick dark brown hair away from her face and glanced over. She gave a little shudder at the sight of Big Head. \"Jack... you keep talking about Big Head's body...\" she flushed pink. \"Um... do you fancy him?\" \"What? No.\" That question caught him completely off guard. He climbed back into bed with her. \"You are the love of my life. Bighead is just an unhealthy fixation, like a bad habit.\" He looked at Nadine's freckled nose and cheeks, her soft brown eyes, her lush, thick dark hair and her pale, curvaceous form. How could he wish for anyone else? But even though they made sweet love that night, thoughts of Bighead still troubled him... The next evening he pored over the newer clippings. They told of the green horror resurfacing and becoming bloated... Bighead kept resurfacing in different places. Jack thought about his own fantasies of great power. They had troubled him for a long, long time. How he wishes he had the power to right society's wrongs. \"All that power - why can't you do good with it?\" he asked the picture of Bighead. \"I want the power. I deserve it. I want it to come to me.\" He repeated that three times over before going to bed where Nadine waited. He owed it to her to tell her what was troubling him. \"Listen Nadine, I have a confession to make...\" he hesitated. She gazed at him with wide brown eyes. But at that moment there came a terrible crash. A monstrous shape poured in through the broken window and solidified to become a shocking montrosity - Bighead in the flesh - and so much flesh. The monster not only had a huge, green head with distorted features, apparently made of a brightly coloured rubber, but his entire form was now bloated and distended to grotesque proportions. He must have weighed hundreds of pounds. Nadine screamed and Jack remained motionless, petrified. \"My power is wanted here,\" the ghastly apparition crowed, his voice cracked and hideous, \"where there is a will there is a way.\" He glared at Jack, his eyes glowing red from within like burning coals. \"A little incentive for you, true believer. I will take your girlfriend and you can only find her if you follow my trail.\" He gathered up Nadine who screamed at the top of her lungs until he conjured ropes and a gag. Jack gave a cry of protest, but was blasted backwards by an invisible force. \"Follow the trail. Tell the police and the girl will pay. The beginning of the trail is this: Go to Chinatown: on the corner of Chang and Ching there you will find that the phone will ring. What then you might ask? Answer the phone to find your next task. You have one hour.\" Gloating at the top of his cracked voice, the Big Head killer was gone in a rush through the window again. Nadine could not scream, she could not cry out. She was gagged and blindfolded - she had no idea where she was being taken. It had all happened so quickly. Where was Jack? Where were the police? And then a stifling blackness overcame her and she knew no more. Nadine awoke feeling sick and groggy. She still couldn't see. Her whole head hurt. A lot. She sat up. She felt really dizzy. She touched her head. Her entire head was swathed in bandages. Some other form of restraint, probably. She stood up. She could stand, so she couldn't be too badly hurt. Her memories came flooding back. Well, if she were to escape, she couldn't do so blindfolded. She gingerly unwound the bandages from around her aching head. It took a long time, unwinding and unwinding as the mass of bandaging gradually decreased and she carefully picked them out of her thick hair. At last, the remaining bandages came away and she gave a little start at what she saw in front of her. A livid green face, framed with thick dark hair. The face was mask like, with a pointed nose and chin and angular and sharp cheeks. And it was so green. Bright green and smooth as if made of green rubber or latex. She took a step back and realised she was looking into a mirror! No, it couldn't be. She felt a sick feeling in the pit of her stomach and touched her cheek. The apparition in the mirror did the same. It had her hair, unmistakably. She glanced around her. She was stark naked in what appeared to be a gleaming sterile, surgical theater. She had just arisen from an operating table around which the bandages were strewn. She ran up to the mirror and grabbed at her livid, green face. It still hurt to touch. There was no seam or gap. She wasn't wearing a mask, but then it was her own face, surgically altered. \"Good to see you so well, after the surgery.\" The cracked voice of Bighead. His heavy footfalls made the floor shake. He was so grossly obese. \"What have you d-done to me?\" she said weakly. \"Am I permanently disfigured?\" \"No, there is something magical about a mask. It conceals one face and makes another. You have a mask for a face. Why do you want your old one back?\" Nadine realised that this was her lot, and burst into tears that flowed freely down her freakishly altered visage. Bighead's horrible grin widened. \"Now we belong together and you and I will consummate our lust. I speak not of love, but pure lust.\" \"Never!\" cried Nadine. \"I wouldn't touch you to scratch you.\" \"I can surgically alter your entire head if you like, so your cascade of hair is gone,\" admonished Bighead. Not the hair. Nadine's hair was her pride and joy. She had already lost her pretty face and without her hair she would be as much an ugly freak as this monster... She sagged with a sigh, the fight gone out of her. \"Alright, but this counts as rape.\" Lying on a huge bed with a grotesque head piece shaped like the Bighead monster, Nadine lay back, filled with fear. Where was Jack? Would he do as Bighead ordered? What could she do? She had already been mutilated. Was she really about to be raped?[Chapter 2] A Transfer of Power Jack hurried to the corner of Ching Street and Chang Street where a phone was indeed ringing. He picked it up and heard Bighead's chilling voice: \"How's this for a rhyme? What place is freezing all the time?\" \"Freezing all the time? What place is freezing all the time? What sort of riddle is that?\" Exclaimed Jack. A young Chinese man with thick pebbly glasses was passing by and overheard. \"It's coordinates,\" he pointed out. \"The Greenwich Meridian line is 0 degrees longitude.\" Of course! Jack hopped onto the train to Greenwich, soon arriving at the Greenwich observatory at the site where the Meridian line is clearly marked. His dash up the hill had tired him out and he was sweating all over on top of feeling sick with nerves and anxiety for Nadine. This point is near the Greenwich observatory and museum and remains a popular tourist site. The night was drawing in now and the place was abnormally quiet. Why was everything deserted? Why had the lights gone out. The shadows seemed to be hemming in from all sides. But at the point where the Meridian line is clearly marked there was now a signpost that seemed to glow lurid green. It had the image of Bighead's grinning face on it. He peered at it and saw a message marked: One shade tells the truth and the other will lie, Obey the right one, or you will die. One question is all you may ask, Try to ask more and fail the task. Suddenly two shadows with reared up in front of him and his heart thudded. Each had two blue points glowing like eyes. They glared down at him. This rung a bell with Jack. It was that trick of finding out which of two creatures was a liar and which was truthful. Fortunatey he already knew the answer. His dad had first told him and it had cropped up on cartoons a couple of times as well. Arbitrarily he turned to the shadow to his right. \"If I asked you which of you I should obey, what would your answer be?\" \"I would say that the other shadow is the one you must obey.\" It's voice echoed strangely in his head. \"Aha!\" He turned to the other shadow. \"Tell me what to do.\" \"Congratulations. You must follow me. Bighead awaits you, true believer.\" He followed the shadow by keeping his gaze fixed on the blue points of its eyes and the other one seemed to melt away in the gloom. Jack noticed the shade was leading him back in the direction of the London Underground. \"What does Bighead want with me?\" \"Bighead was worshipped once. The Mask was stolen from its rightful place where its wearer was revered. One who worships him must be brought to him.\" They descended the staircase at the tube station and then the shade approached the wall and lo and behold! The entrance to a dark passageway opened up for them and Jack set off into the gloom, following the two points of glimmering light. They descended another staircase that Jack had never known was there, down and down, all the way to Bighead's lair... Nadine had recovered from the surgery much more quickly than she would have dared guess possible. And this was just as well, because she had had to have missionary position intercourse with the bloated horror. The bed was in another gleaming surgical theater, but it was soft enough. However, she had screamed when Bighead first rolled on top of her... but now she didn't know what to think. She felt guilty that her body had responded with such vigour. She had no idea how long it had gone on for. It seemed like hours. Bighead had put a lot of fluid into her. More of course than was natural, but then he was supernaturally empowered. \"You know what also brings passion?\" growled Bighead. He had been contentedly stuffing down what appeared to be an elephant leg stuffed with olives that he had conjured out of thin air, but now he paused to gloat. \"I'll tell you what. It's that a true believer will come. And he's coming to rescue you, my sexy freak. And he will beat the odds and get here, make no mistake. He'll be here soon.\" Nadine winced. Even though none of this was her fault, she felt an awful sense of guilt as though she had betrayed Jack. \"Jack, my Jack, would do anything for me. Let me go now. Jack and I belong together.\" \"You have a mask for a face,\" grated Bighead. \"Your pretty human face was nipped and tucked away, then promptly incinerated. But a true believer like Jack might be alone among men and might see past appearances. We will see.\" Nadine was feeling mad hope flaring up in her. Even this monster had to admit Jack was a great guy. Jack would save her and everything would be alright. She touched her green cheek gingerly, feeling the sharp angle of her cheek. It felt sore, but not nearly as bad. She could feel her fingertips touching the smooth green surface. It was part of her, but Jack would see past her appearance, because he had to... A shadow fell across them, blocking out the harsh lights of the theater. In the shadow, two points of blue lights glowed. \"The true believer comes!\" Echoed the voice. \"The true believer will petition in the main theater,\" declared Bighead. He stood and was suddenly clad in blood red armour. Nadine shuddered. Bighead snapped his fingers. \"Come on, freaky, the answer to you questions is here.\" A hospital gown appeared beside Nadine and she hastily donned it. She followed Bighead into the main operating theater although it gave her the chills to be back here again. Her heart leaped as she saw Jack crouching low on the ground and she started forward, but felt herself collide with an invisible force-field. \"Jack!\" she cried. She was desperate just to look into his hazel eyes again and run her fingers through his curly hair... He looked up at her as she stood beside Bighead and his eyes widened. \"Truly you are all-powerful, Bighead. You have created a Mask that cannot be removed. The Mask of your creation is better than the original Mask which was not. Nadine's Mask cannot be removed, isn't that right?\" Nadine swallowed, confused. What was this about? \"That is correct,\" growled Bighead, \"non believers would try to be smart and ask whether I could create a Mask that could not be removed. Well I can and it is better than the first Mask which can be removed.\" \"This must be demonstrated to those non-believers so they can be humiliated before they are horribly punished,\" said Jack. \"It can be demonstrated. Like so,\" said Bighead and pulled at his Mask. There was a flash and there he was. Just a grossly obese man with short red hair, holding a crude, jade mask. \"NOW! NADINE! i BELIEVE IN YOU!\" Screamed Jack. Nadine felt cold strength course through her and she whirled round and grabbed at the Mask the fat man held and wrested it from his grip and exerting all her newfound strength, snapped it in half. There was a scream and a ghostly cloud emanated from it, pouring into her mouth so that it filled her with more strength. The power of the original Mask had nowhere else to go, but into her. She was already remodeled to be its receptacle. Fully charged up she punched hard and the fat man and he groaned and fell hard onto the ground. Jack stood up. \"My true love, I always believed in you. That is why I am a true believer. We belong together.\" He rushed forwards into her waiting arms. ","Summary":" Bighead's Riddle Jack was excited to read of the legend of the Big Head killer in the newspaper col"},{"Movie":"Flushed Away","Title":"A Roddy St James Poem","Author":"Smart Kira","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12893762","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A Roddy St. James Poem A pampered rat With nothing to do while his posh family is away Having a free for all in an empty house Only to be interrupted by another rat from the sewers named Sid Desperately trying to get rid of Sid with little to no success The sewer rat was too smart for the posh english rat And in turn got flushed down the toilet instead So this posh rat is in for one hell of an adventure ","Summary":" A Roddy St. James Poem A pampered rat With nothing to do while his posh family is away Having a fre"},{"Movie":"Flushed Away","Title":"A Royal Romance","Author":"PrincessRosela","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11649097","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hey Flushed Away fans, I am writing this new story to bring Flushed Away back to life. This is also my first fanfic, so any reviews are welcomed(only helpful criticism) This is the story of how two kingdoms became one. It all began with a dispute over power. The kingdom of Picadilly wanted to take the land of the Evergreen Forest in between their kingdom and the kingdom of Londonia. The dispute went on for years, then it was forgotten. The years passed and the rulers of Picadilly, King August and Queen Rosella, gave birth to Prince Roddy St. James. About three years later, the rulers of Londonia, King Robert and Queen Meredith, gave birth to Princess Rita Malone. During that time, both kingdoms created a royal garden connecting both palaces. The years passed and the prince aged 26 and the princess 23. One day, Rita walked in the Royal Garden. She was looking for a beautiful rose. Alas she was getting one, she heard footsteps. \"Who is there?\" Shouted Rita. Suddenly, Prince Roddy walked out. He was wearing a Royal Navy suit with a saber at the side. He took a glance at Rita and was left breathless. She was wearing a mint green dress with a turquoise sash. \"My name is Roddy St. James of Londonia. And you are?\" \"I am Princess Rita Malone of Picadilly. It is a pleasure to meet you, Prince Roddy.\" Replied Rita politely. \"Please, just call me Roddy.\" \"Well, I think I must get going. I must be inside before tea time.\" Said Rita. \"Okay, but can I see you again here?\" Asked Roddy. \"Sure. See you tomorrow.\" Said Rita as she headed back to her palace ","Summary":" Hey Flushed Away fans, I am writing this new story to bring Flushed Away back to life. This is also"},{"Movie":"Flushed Away","Title":"A Warm Evening","Author":"goldenflash100","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10028859","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hey guys! :3 I know that you guys really want me to update 'It's Complicated?' but I watched Flushed Away the other night and just had to write this! Hope you guys like it! Roddy finished piling up the dishes from their dinner and proceeded to take them below deck, which he would deal with tomorrow. Rita was already lying in her sock, fast asleep; same routine as usual. He grabbed his own sock and rolled it out. They had built the Jammy Dodger ll a few weeks ago and had been living on it until they could find suitable housing for Rita's family and themselves. He tiptoed over to her sleeping form; she had fallen asleep as soon as dinner was done, she was tired from all the house hunting they underwent that day. Roddy brushed a strand of hair behind her ear, and just like the routine, Rita stirred slightly at his touch. He bent down and took in her features. It was a sight he would never tire of, no matter how many times he saw it. Leaning down further, he lightly kissed her on the check; then returned to his bedding across from her. He didn't see the small smile that turned the corners of her lips up. He snuggled under the material and promptly fell fast asleep. Roddy's P.O.V What's that sound? I awoke to the sound of…of… it kinda sounded like whimpering? Whimpering? Who's whimpering? 'Mmm….yes… *whimper* uuunnnhhh.' I looked over to the sleeping form of my best friend and captain. She was tangled in her sheets, moving around and moaning. I felt my cheeks heat up at how suggestive they sounded; ignoring her pleas \"for more\", I turned onto my other side and tried to go back to sleep. 'YES!' I jumped at the sudden loudness of her voice. 'Yes…R….r…Ro...' My ears perked at the sound of an R. Surely she can't, no…she wouldn't…. My whole face must have been flushed at the thought of Rita dreaming naughty things with…me! 'Ro…Rod…. Mmmmm.' ROD! As in Roddy! No…nonononoonno….I'm just imagining things! 'Roddy …' It was so quiet, at first I thought I imagined it; until she said it again, and again, and again, each time with more urgency in her voice. '..Roddy…Roddy….RODDY!' Then, she was quiet, the only sound coming from her was the heavy breathing and slight movements. I didn't know what to think of this. Maybe a bit of sleep will help. The next morning: I stood below deck preparing some breakfast for the two of us after cleaning last night's dishes. I heard footsteps up head and my eyes flickered to the hatch separating the two levels and saw Ritta climbing down. Memories from last night appeared in my head and my face instantly heated up. A thud signaled her landing on floorboards and the footsteps that followed caused my eyes to move to the face I was so familiar with. 'Good morning Rita!' I tried to put on my cheeriest tone and finished plating up the pancakes. 'G-Good morning...Roddy.' I noticed the stutter and pause but ignored it, for her sake. Picking up both plates I made my way up the steps to the top deck, set both of the plates onto the flip out table and grabbed two chairs. Sitting down, I placed the syrup and butter on the table and waited for Rita to join me. Breakfast was awkward to say the least. We didn't talk until both of us were finished. I was sipping on my coffee when she asked me a question that almost made me choke. 'Roddy, I didn't wake you up last night did I?' Gulping down the coffee in my mouth, I tried to keep my voice steady as to not hint at me hearing her…moaning. 'Well… I heard you moving around, but I fell asleep again super quick, so don't worry about it.' 'I didn't…sleep talk, did I?' I looked up and saw the obvious blush across her face. Her eyes were concentrating on her thumbs as she twiddled them. 'I…I may have heard some… whimpering and moans, but that was it!' The red across her cheeks darkened and I decided to let her be for the moment. Collecting the dishes I went over to the tea cup that acted as the sink. The evening was no better than the morning. Rita fell overboard just before dinner and she was wearing her last clean top; being the gentleman I was, I kindly offered her mine, the same shirt from our very first encounter. So I ended up having to serve and eat dinner shirtless, but it was pretty amusing to see how flustered Rita got over the sight of my bare chest. Once again, I took the empty dishes from our meal below deck and grabbed my sock from under the bench. After laying it out, I walked quietly over to Rita's sleeping form and brushed a few strands of her hair behind her ear. She stirred more so than usual but I brushed it off on the account of the somewhat warm evening. I crouched down and lifted a hand to caress her check. I swear it looks like she blushing…maybe she having another dream. I moved forward and began to lean in to kiss her cheek; a few milliseconds after I made contact, my blood ran cold. 'You do this often?' The surprise in hearing her voice caused me to jump back, but my heal got caught on one of the floorboards and I fell onto my back, leaving me temporarily breathless. I could see Rita slide out of bed and walk over to my now cowering form. 'I asked you a question Roddy.' 'W-Well…' I stammered as I scratched the back of my neck, avoiding her stare. I glanced up briefly and at once noticed the bright pink tint across her cheeks. Seems I wasn't the only one affected by getting caught out. 'How often do you…you…,' 'Kiss you?' 'Y-Yeah.' I stifled a giggle at her change of a commanding dominant tone with a hint of amusement, to one of embarrassment. 'Well, every night I guess.' 'Every night!?' The change in her expression caused my eyes to shut automatically as I awaited the punishment that was sure to come. 'Well then Roddy, I guess it's time for me to pay you back.' I peeked out from under my eyelashes to see Rita descending to straddle me just above my hips. Confused and scared, I half expected her to slap me across the face a dozen times by now, but by her taking her time… it seemed like she was going to do something much more torturous. She placed her arms on either side of my shoulders, effectively stopping me from squirming or trying to get away. She had a grin on her lips and DAMN! That's the sexiest grin I've ever seen, but I really shouldn't be thinking like that right now as this may potentially be my last few minutes of life. I couldn't help but notice the display of her cleavage as it was right in front of my face, once again being the gentleman I am, I avert my eyes and try to stop the blush on my face. 'Oooh! Is Roddy getting flustered?!' I felt her weight shift as she leaned back up and I chanced a look at her again. My eyeballs nearly burst of out my head as I saw her folding her arms under her…breasts…thus pushing them up and out. Although I turned my head, I couldn't stop myself from glancing occasionally as I'm a male, and frankly, it was SEXY AS HELL. After seeing my reaction, she seemed satisfied enough to continue with her pay back and once again lent over and placed a hand either side of my shoulders. She leaned down, until her face was inches away from mine and started peppering my face with kisses! 'W-What are you d-doing?!' 'I'm paying you back of course!' She exclaimed matter of factly. 'What?' She paused between kisses to answer my question. 'Well, I figured that since you kissed me every night for a month and a half, I should kiss you just as many times.' I quickly did some math and figured it was about 45 kisses give or take a few. Just as I thought she had finished, I felt the trail of kisses leave my jawline and slowly make its way down my neck. A moan passed my lips before I even registered it. As suddenly as it started, it stopped. Feeling quite frustrated that she had stopped just as I began to really enjoy it, decided to turn the tables. Rita's P.O.V I heard a moan escape from his lips and thought that that would be enough to leave him flustered for a while. Getting up to go to bed, I felt his arms snake around my waist before pulling me done to the floor. Roddy climbed over me, straddling my hips and placing his arms on either side of my shoulders, just like how I had cornered him before. I felt a rush of blood flow to my cheeks as I looked at his bare chest in front of me, the scenes from my dreams all too similar. 'Uh uh uh! It's not polite to tease a man Rita. And for that,' He leaned down, seductively whispering into my ear, 'I'm going to make you beg for more!' I felt myself being turned on by the commanding tone of his voice. It was nice to hear him tell what to do for once, since I was the captain, I was always giving the orders. He leaned down further and I could feel his hot breath on my face; I lifted my hands and placed them on his bare chest, electricity zapping up my fingers at the contact of my skin on his. I wanted to feel this sensation all over my body; I just couldn't get enough of him. This was the closest that we've been; he leaned down further, his lips connecting with mine. It was so light, like a feather brushing against my lips; it was unlike any other feeling I had felt before. He kissed me again, harder and longer this time; our lips perfectly molded together, like they had been made just for this purpose. A small moan bubbled up my throat and escaped my lips. I gazed up into his caramel irises and he moved back slowly before kissing me again, though with more urgency this time, he never broke eye contact. I felt passion in the air and a feeling enveloped us and it was like I could only see him, everything else became white noise in the back ground. His tongue flicked over my bottom lip as if asking for entry; I parted them and moaned as his tongue darted in to feel mine. I lifted my arms and wrapped them around his neck, pulling my smaller frame off of the deck to deepen the kiss. I moaned around his tongue, the vibrations causing a moan to growl out of his throat. It was the sexiest noise I had ever heard. I felt an arm wrap around my waist while the other still held us both off of the deck. I felt his lips leave mine and they lightly kissed their way down my neck. I yelped slightly as he bit down on the skin in the crook of my neck, my weak spot! I felt his grin on his lips as he lightly nibbled and licked the sensitive area. I moaned and growled, unable to stop myself from vocalizing my pleasure. He moved down to kiss and suckle my collar bone, eliciting another moan out of my mouth. He pulled me in for another heart stopping, mind blowing kiss as he shifted our position so he was now leaning against the back of the boat and I was straddling his hips. Although I was now the one on top, he still dominated me by practically sucking my tongue out of my mouth, but I had no problem with that. Roddy's P.O.V After licking, biting and kissing all of the visible skin on Rita's neck, I still hungered for more. Moving one of my hands from her waist, I undone the first three buttons on my shirt she was currently wearing. Seeing her in it turned me on more then I'd thought, I was sure I saw breath in my scent off the collar once or twice. I heard a quiet yelp near my ear as my tongue licked its way across the newly uncovered skin. Rita moaned again as I nibbled on the skin near her breasts. I could see the top of her make shift bra, a simple bit of elastic with straps. Her head lolled back with her tongue hanging out slightly as I made sure to taste all of her upper chest. My hands glided up and down her back before finally finding the hem to my white shirt she was wearing. I slipped one hand under and immediately felt the rush of heat to my fingertips as they grazed the surface of her skin. Rita's hands were busy tangling themselves in my brown locks as I pleasured the beautiful girl before me. Then, while I was busy nibbling the skin under her ear, I felt her attack my neck, following the same path mine had on her own. She nibbled and kissed and licked until she found the one place I couldn't help but moan as her tongue slid over it. It was halfway between the crook of my neck and my collar bone. Rita nibbled it relentlessly, giving no mercy; so it wasn't long before it happened. 'Rita…' I moaned it; unable to keep up the wall up to stop, it was like uttering that one name had broken the dam and I couldn't stop. 'Rita…' Rita's P.O.V I heard him moan my name. My heart rate peaked and I was sure I would die of heart failure if he uttered it again. 'Rita…' Oh DAMN! He said it again! I couldn't help but rush up to kiss him hungrily. I felt his fingers slide under the material on the back of my bra. 'Unnnh…Roddy…' I moaned his name and his lips traveled back to the crook of my neck. I couldn't help but feel a burning in the core of my body, causing me to slightly grind into his groin. Immediately a moan erupted from both of our mouths but just as I was about to do it again, I felt my body being picked up and dropped onto the floor. I winced at the pain but confusion was the main thing on my mind. 'Why'd you stop?' I pouted slightly, Roddy just laughed lightly at me. Just when we were getting to the good part too?! He was already standing and smoothing out his ruffled and tangled hair courtesy of me. I stood, my legs trembling slightly, threatening to give way if I didn't sit down soon. I sat on my bed, not bothering to button up Roddy's shirt I was wearing. Unconsciously, I brought the collar near my nose and inhaled his smell. I heard snickering and turned to see a giggling Roddy, clearly enjoying the way he had empowered me. 'Enjoying yourself there?' I just stuck out my tongue at him and waited till I thought I could trust my legs again. Getting up, I walked up to Roddy's back and wrapped my arms around him loosely, repeating my previous question quietly into his ear. 'Why'd you stop?' It came out breathy and caused the male to turn his head slightly to look behind him. He turned and wrapped his arms around me so quickly, it was all a blur. He then dipped me till I was just above the floor. Leaning down till ours faces were just slightly apart he whispered into my ear, 'I told you I'd leave you begging for more…' He moved as if to kiss me and I pursed my lips expecting the familiar tingle of his touch but instead he dropped me again. It didn't hurt as much as last time as I was only about an inch or so off the ground but it was enough for me to lose my train of thought from the impact. He just chuckled at the look on my face; I wasn't too happy about being proven wrong. But, I just couldn't help it! If I'd known that Roddy was such an expert at kissing, I wouldn't have let him even try to prove his point; but…I had wanted him to be right, to leave me begging for more, to leave dreaming of the next time it would happen. Roddy's P.O.V I finally stopped chuckling as Rita's stood up and dusted herself off. I noticed that she still hadn't buttoned up the shirt and I smirked as she went to retie her ponytail. I crawled into bed and faced the side of the boat, leaving Rita to fix herself up for bed in privacy. Being a warm night, I removed my black slacks and folded them before placing them on the floor near my bed. I felt the boat rocking slightly as Rita moved around. 'Good night Rita.' I said quietly before allowing my eyes to close. I was surprised when I didn't get an answer but instead felt part of the sock being lifted and another body sliding in next to me. I turned over, coming face to face with Rita. 'What are you doing?' 'What?! Can't I sleep where I want to? This is my boat after all!' 'OUR boat since I did most of the heavy lifting.' 'BUT, I'm still the captain.' '…Really?!' I looked at her, a confused and amused look on my face. 'What?!' 'Your excuse to sleep in the same bed as me is because you're the captain?' '…' 'There's no other reason?' 'I-I kinda wanted to be close to you again.' 'Pardon?' 'I said, I-I kinda wanted to be close to you again.' 'Still can't hear you.' 'You're enjoying this way too much… I said, I kinda wanted to be close to you again.' She huffed it out, turning her head away from me before I reached out and wrapped my arms around her and pulling her closer. It was then that I felt her bare legs against mine. 'E-er, R-Rita…Are you wearing anything over your um…you know…. undergarments ?' I was blushing madly as I asked her this, her answer coming in the form of her rubbing her bare legs up against mine. 'If you're not wearing pants, then why should I.' 'Because I'm sure you've got other motives then to just sleep and I don't want us to do anything… rash.' She looked up at me understanding my wants of not pushing her and taking it slow. Sighing loudly she mumbled an 'Alright,' and turned over so we were now spooning. Just as I was about to fall asleep I heard a faint whisper. 'Good night Roddy.' So…Watcha think? Please R&R;! Also, reveim or P.M me if you want more of this story! :3 Goldenflash100 OUT! ","Summary":" Hey guys! :3 I know that you guys really want me to update 'It's Complicated?' but I watched Flushe"},{"Movie":"Flushed Away","Title":"The Elder Sister","Author":"TitchyStryder","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6276507","Passage":"[Chapter 1] My first fanfic for flushed away so if everyones out of charactor my bad. Warning: written at 2pm-ish soo things won't be as good as previous storys. The humour (if any) in this might not be as funny as it can usually be with me, when I'm tired my jokes go to sleep. England is known for many things; big Ben, the Queen and drinking tea are a few of them. That's what the humans of the world know England for. The rats of the world know it for the world beneath the surface, the sewers. The event that had happened there during half time of the world cup final was global rat news; the rat world was surprised that something like that could happen in the city below London. Le Frog ended up being deported back to France, the Toad was arrested and the heroes became the biggest people in England (after the Queen of course). Every rat in Britain was asking for help off of the heroes, they were overwhelmed by the amount of requests they had been getting. The requests ranged from saving pet slugs from high ledgers to transporting jewels. No matter what they did they made sure they had fun doing it. Roddy and Rita were a good team, Roddy did the domestic things like cooking and cleaning while Rita did the navigating and maintenance. Since saving the rats of the sewer, Rita's family had become slightly richer. Rita had always vowed to take care of her family like she had promised; a Malone never went back on their word. That was where Rita and Roddy where heading now, back home for some family time. Roddy had gained something that he had never had while he was Tabitha's pet and that was a family. Roddy St James of Kensington was now apart of the large Malone family, something he treasured. \"Wake up Rodders, we're nearly home\" Rita said as she threw a small pillow at a now awake Roddy, \"I wasn't asleep, I was just resting my eyes\" Roddy grumbled, \"Practising snoring as well?\" \"I don't snore!\" Roddy said as he sat up and leant on his elbows, \"How would you know when you're asleep?\" Rita smirked back, \"You also sleep talk, this time you were saying my name.\" That wasn't true, Rita just wanted his reaction. Roddy blushed, before he could make a fool of himself even more the Jammy Dodger II broke down. Rita rolled her eyes; her new boat wasn't yet as perfect as the original Jammy Dodger. She missed her old friend; it was like another sibling to her. Rita didn't care if it was crazy to love a boat the way she loved the Jammy, that was the way she loved her boat and she wasn't afraid to admit it. Grabbing some tools and others bits and pieces, Rita went below deck to fix the problem. Behind the Jammy Dodger II, another boat was lurking in the shadows. Its captain was spying on Rita and her boat. Her red hair with the odd black streak was tied up in a pony tail with only her side fringe down. The captain's bright green eyes hidden behind her rat sized binoculars, her clothes where visible. She wore a light purple top that covered one shoulder and revealed her stomach, dark blue jeans with a hole in them on her left knee and boots like Rita's. She watched as Rita threw the pillow at Roddy, the smirk that danced on Rita's lips seemed a little to flirty for just friends. That's what the captain thought anyway. When the boat broke down and Rita was below deck the captain moved her boat out of the shadows. Her boat was the same size as the Dodger but it was decorated different. It had two red stripes running all around the shape of the boat, different colours of paint were splattered on the roof of the cabin and the base colour was white. Across the back and on top of the top stripe had the boat's name painted on, The Custard Cream. The captain of the Custard Cream silently parked her boat next to the Jammy Dodger; Roddy had his back to her. Not bothering to keep quiet anymore, the captain pounced on Roddy's back causing him to fall over. \"For an international jewel theft you are pretty easy to catch, Millicent.\" She whispered in his ear, \"What was that bang?\" Rita asked as she walked back up the stairs wiping her hands on an old rag. \"A mad rat just jumped me!\" Roddy yelled back, his yell wasn't very loud. When Rita came into view Roddy could see the humour in her eyes, \"Made a new friend, Rod?\" \"Just help me get her off me!\" \"Alright, alright\" Rita laughter as she held her hands up in defeat, \"common Roxy get off him!\" \"Did you know your boyfriends an international jewel theft?\" The Custard Creams captain, Roxy, replied, \"He's not my boyfriend.\" Rita said through her clenched teeth, she hated it when people assumed Roddy was her boyfriend. \"Fiancé then, by the way when was I going to get my invite?\" \"Wait, you two know each other?\" Roddy said as Roxy helped him up. Once Roddy was back on his feet he could see a resemblance between Rita and Roxy. The eye's looked the same, so did the hair colour. \"She's my older sister, sadly.\" \"Nothing sad about it and what have I told you about dating bad rats?\" Roxy said while she folded her arms across her chest and tapped her foot. Roxy was a few inches taller then Rita and Rita hated the fact she had to look up to her. \"Number one, he is NOT my boyfriend and number two he isn't a baddie,\" \"He's called Millicent Bystander; he's an international jewel theft. Le Frog and the Toad have a price on his head!\" Rita and Roddy laughed, Roxy had misunderstood. \"My names Roddy St James, I knew you shouldn't have told Spike and Whitey I was a jewel theft Rita.\" Roxy thought for a moment, sure the jewel theft story wasn't true but that didn't mean the boyfriend one wasn't. \"That doesn't mean that you two aren't dating,\" Roxy smirked, Rita rolled her eyes. She strode over to Roddy and kissed him, \"Nope didn't feel a spark, completely sparkles.\" \"That just proved me right!\" Roxy grinned; before Rita could say anything back some passing by slugs started singing. \"My first kiss went a little like this,\" they all made a kissing sound \"and twist, and twist.\" I know, I know not the best ending but at this hour tis the best for me. Once I've had a sleep I'll probs re-do the ending, or I might not depends on my mood. Once again sorry for my bad humour and if anyones out of charactor. I usually write for St Trinians so there's my excuse :]. For those who don't know of my awesome ways, I have discovered this thing called reveiw-o-phobia (the fear of reveiwing) and I usually end my lil speech with something other then 'reveiw', How to conquor your fear: eat plenty of greens, drink lots of water, excerise 2 hours a day, click the reveiw button and type like your life depends on it. (Yes I know my stalkers I have used that one before. Like I said it's stupid-o-clock and I cba to come up with a new one) ","Summary":" My first fanfic for flushed away so if everyones out of charactor my bad. Warning: written at 2pm-i"},{"Movie":"Flushed Away","Title":"Come On Roddy!","Author":"Rattlesnake316","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6348461","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \" Come on Roddy, you're not gonna wanna miss this\" Rita shouts as the rat called Roddy walks with her to a club in ratropollis where the best parties were for people when they went for a night out in the town, Rita had insisted Roddy try out the night life, when they entered the club Roddy couldn't believe his eyes \" Come on Rodders, enjoy yourself\" Rita shouts from the dancefloor but Roddy just stands still near the bar with his pint of beer \" Don't make me start without you Roddy, babe\" Rita: Don't make me start without you... RedOne I don't want to start without you Rita I don't want to start without you Hey... Some random clubbers push Roddy onto the dancefloor as the beat kicks in Rita: Eh, hey, I'm like a beast Eh, hey, i'm like a beast DJ drop the record, Imma start a stampede He drop the record, I start a stampede Eh, boy, I push it out Eh, boy, I push it out Fire, move my body like a merry-go-round Front to the back, I'll make you go round Rita takes Roddy's hand and spins him round Get like me Get on the dancefloor Get like me (Roddy: Don't want to start without you) Roddy attempts to dance with Rita but moves away until Rita drops low against him Oh, here I go, drip droppin' way down low You're 'bout to miss Winding to this Don't make me start without you Oh, here I go, you're moving way too slow I'm coming up Put down your cup Don't make me start without you Roddy puts down his beer and dances with Rita Rita:Eh, boy, way that I move Eh, boy, way that I move Body like a weapon that'll make you go boom Get like a drum I'll make you go...boom Eh, boy, oi where you at? Eh, boy, oi where you at? You're the only one and I'm all on my back The only one I want on my back Roddy and Rita dance so close together before other people join Roddy and dance aswell Rita: Get like me Get on the dancefloor Get like me (Don't want to start without you) The men and Roddy stand in position before the beat kicks in again Oh, here I go, drip droppin' way down low You're 'bout to miss Winding to this Don't make me start without you Oh, here I go, you're moving way too slow I'm coming up Put down your cup Don't make me start without you Rita dances in front with woops and cheers from the crowd Get like me Get on the dancefloor Get like me Get on the dancefloor Roddy pulls off a few moves impressing his girlfriend before pulling off some duet moves Oh, here I go, drip droppin' way down low You're 'bout to miss Winding to this Don't make me start without you Oh, here I go, you're moving way too slow I'm coming up Put down your cup Don't make me start without you Beer falls from the ceiling and drenches Rita before she pulls of some moves only the film Step-up could pull off. Oh, here I go, drip droppin' way down low You're 'bout to miss Winding to this Don't make me start without you Oh, here I go, you're moving way too slow I'm coming up Put down your cup Don't make me start without you Roddy pulls Rita into a hug and drops her low when the song ends \" Wow Roddy you were amazing\" an exhausted Rita whispers to Roddy as he carries her home knowing she got her boyfriend to dance ","Summary":" \" Come on Roddy, you're not gonna wanna miss this\" Rita shouts as the rat called Roddy walks with"},{"Movie":"Flushed Away","Title":"Betrayal","Author":"caseyjsaisi","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13226892","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Rita was tied up and hung over the floodgate. She tried to fight against the ropes, but then gave up. It was hopeless. Her family was among the rat crowd watching the World Cup final and all that she loved will be washed away by the Toad. Then, she heard a familiar voice calling her. \"Rita!\" Suddenly, a rat flew up to her, riding a fan with his waist tied to a rubber glove-made balloon. \"Rita!\" \"Roddy!\" she cried. Then, Roddy tried to reconcile with her for what happened while they were to Up Top. \"Rita, I'm sorry. I've been such a fool. Rita, you were right about me, you were right about everything! I should have admitted that, but I was afraid you wouldn't like me anymore-\" \"Roddy...\" Rita interrupted. \"Do you think we can talk about this after you rescue me?\" Roddy nodded. \"Of course. There's no time.\" As Roddy picked up Rita and placed her on his lap to help untie her, the Toad and the henchrats watched them, sneering evilly as they arrived on the elevator to the top floor. \"When that whistle blows, and everyone Up Top goes to the toilet, it's going to flush away the whole city!\" continued Roddy. \"I know\" said Rita, worriedly. \"And my family are all down there.\" \"We've got to warn everyone.\" The two leaned forward, pushing the fan towards the crowd in the city. This enraged the Toad. \"Stop them!\" he demanded. At an instant, a blonde haired henchrat jumped into action, foolishly raced to the edge of the lair and fell into the water below. The Toad growled and took a stapler from Thimblenose Ted and he started to use the stapler like a gun, laughing evilly like a mad man. And then... POP! \"Oh, dear\" said Roddy quietly. Instantly, Roddy and Rita went flying into the air around and around until the balloon ran out of air and the two fell to the ground. Soon enough, Whitey and Fat Barry held Roddy and Rita, forcefully propping them up to face the Toad, who stepped forward. \"So, you think you would make a fool out of the Toad, eh?\" grinned the Toad. And then suddenly, the balloon landed on the Toad. Like a child, he whimpered and shoved it away as if it were a crawling creature. \"You don't need us for that\" smirked Rita. But, the Toad quickly calmed his nerves and advanced on Roddy and Rita. \"Oh, you think you're sooo clever, don't you?\" he said. \"Well, I'll be the one laughing when every last, revolting rat is flushed away! For I shall repopulate the city with these!\" He pulled a rope to reveal hundreds of tadpoles in glass jars and bowls, then laughed as he jumped onto a tall ladder. Roddy and Rita blinked in surprise and cringed away. \"Eww!\" The henchrats gasped in shock, realizing what their boss' true plans were. \"Nasty\" moaned Whitey. \"Every rat?\" questioned Ted. \"It can't be\" muttered Ladykiller. \"Um, if you said all the rodents was bein' flushed away...\" Fat Barry tried to asked. \"And we're rodents... Don't that mean...\" Spike was the one felt more betrayed than the others, but yet he didn't understand. \"But-but-but, we're your loyal hitmen!\" cried Spike. \"Henchmen!\" The Toad refused to listen. \"Ha! Don't you idiots see? I used you! All of you!\" snapped the Toad. Fat Berry was so nervous that he took a pickle jar and started eating. Hearing this, Spike couldn't believe his ears. He and his fellow rats were tricked into a plot that they didn't know of and they were used the whole time. Mum is going to kill me Spike thought to himself. As the Toad began talking to his tadpoles, Spike's eyes flinched and then they began to water. He knew that the Toad was going to kill his mother in the flood. Sure, he would hate her, but not hate hate her. More like a typical strained mother-son relationship. This side of Spike made Roddy and Rita realize that he wasn't a bad rat at all, just a misguided by the wrong person. \"Spike? Are you alright?\" asked Whitey. But Spike shook his head sadly, his arm holding the other. \"There, there...\" cooed Whitey. The large ex-lab rat carefully gave Spike a big hug. \"We need to get downstairs and pull out that cable\" whispered Roddy. \"How? It's impossible\" Rita whispered back. Roddy's eyes noticed a long tube on the floor, it led towards two large cans of liquid nitrogen, the same stuff that the Toad almost used to literally ice them. \"England is winning!\" smiled Roddy. \"Anything is possible!\" Rita and the henchrats watched as Roddy bent down and pulled the tube apart. Suddenly, the tube burst open, spraying liquid nitrogen everywhere! The henchrats ducked for cover, only to slip and slide. \"Whaa!\" screamed Spike. \"Turn it off, Whitey!\" The Toad saw what was happening and was enraged. \"Come on!\" shouted Roddy. He and Rita ran as fast as they could, nearly dodging the Toad's long tongue. The Toad pulled his tongue back, only to find Spike in his grasp. \"Oh, hi, boss\" Spike smiled weakly. Instead of greeting back, the Toad threw Spike aside as if he were a bag of garbage. The young teenage rat fell on top on one of the tadpole jars, only to slip off and skid across the frozen floor, screaming and yelping. \"Whitey! Help!\" he cried. \"I'm coming, Spike!\" replied the large rat, only to slip and slide toward the Toad's prized Royal Family collection. And then suddenly, Spike slipped off the ledge and fell onto a pipe, which he held onto with dear life. Roddy and Rita raced toward the elevator where they could pull out the cable. \"YOU FOOLS, GRAB THEM!\" bellowed the Toad. Then, Le Frog and his henchfrogs appeared. The frogs leaped forward, but Rita pulled the long tube of liquid nitrogen and aimed it at the henchfrogs, who instantly froze in place. Marcel, the mime frog appeared and made a funny pose. The Toad jumped off the leader and removed his robe, grunting in frustration. Rita aimed the tube at the approaching Toad, but there was no liquid nitrogen left inside. She chuckled nervously. \"Do I have to do everything myself?!\" growled the Toad. He slapped Marcel, who was imitating him. Scared, Roddy and Rita ran across the pipe, only for the Toad leap in front of them, blocking their path and smiled evilly. The two rats gasped. Then, they heard the whistle blow! \" There goes the whistle for halftime \" said the Sports announcer. \" We're going to take a break, but we'll be back in a few minutes .\" \"You're too late to do anything!\" gloated the Toad. \"You and your kind are finished!\" But Rita had an idea, she eyed the pipe they were standing on. \"Oh, yeah? Well, come and get us, you warty wind bag\" she sneered. The minute the Toad took a step, his foot instantly froze in place. He moaned in pain. Suddenly, Roddy and Rita heard a loud rumble. \"Oh, no\" gasped Rita. The three turned to see the opened gates, the water was approaching and slugs were running towards the city and screaming. Hearing what's going on, Spike's anxiety grew. \"Oh, where are you, Whitey?\" he wailed as he tried to climb up again. \"The gate's back this way\" Roddy said to Rita. \"Come on.\" The two ran, but then the Toad used his tongue and caught Rita, pulling her back and held her hostage. \"If I'm going, you're both coming with me!\" glared the Toad. \"Just go, Roddy!\" shouted Rita. The Toad shot his tongue at Roddy, but he dodged out of the way. Spike's fingers started to slip off the edge of the pipe. \"No! No!\" he whimpered. And then, Spike soon fell off the pipe, screaming! But, he then felt like someone has caught him. \"Huh? Whitey? Millicent?\" he asked. \"Actually it's Roddy\" said the brown haired rat. They pulled Spike up. \"What will we do?\" asked Whitey. At that moment, Roddy suddenly had an idea. \"Listen up, chaps\" he said. The three huddled together and quickly whispered a plan. After a hot second, they got down to business. Roddy and Spike started to annoy the Toad. \"Roddy!\" cried Rita. The Toad's tongue tried to catch him, but Roddy jumped out of the way. \"Stop moving!\" growled the Toad. \"Come and get me, you slimly airbag!\" mocked Roddy. The amphibian shot his tongue at Roddy, but the rat ducked. Spike stoke out his tongue and made silly faces. \"Ha! You missed, fathead!\" he cackled. He ducked before the Toad's tongue could even get to him. While Roddy and Spike distracted the Toad, Whitey carefully approached the amphibian from under the pipe. Then, he climbed up behind the Toad and grabbed Rita. The Toad shot his tongue at Roddy but missed and it landed in the gears of the flood gate. \"Yes!\" smiled Roddy. Whitey was about to throw Rita to Roddy, but as he did, the pipe gave away and broke! At an instant, Whitey and Rita slipped and fell into the water. The liquid nitrogen froze the sewage water with Rita frozen inside and the Toad frozen at the waist up. But, Whitey quickly swam to the city to warn everyone down in the city watching the World Cup Final. Roddy was shocked of what happened. His plan failed. \"Come on, mate!\" Spike yelled. The two rats ran across the pipe toward the roof of the flood gate, only to turn and look in horror to see a giant wave of sewage water approaching. \"Le Frog!\" shouted the Toad. The French frog blocked Roddy and Spike's path, ready to fight. \"Let's finish this\" he grinned. Spike gulped and backed away, but then he screamed in pain. This gave Roddy an idea. \"What have you got in your pocket?\" he asked Spike. \"Now isn't the best time to ask!\" snapped Spike. \"It's not your business!\" Rolling his eyes, Roddy pulled a pin from Spike's back pocket (from when Rita had kicked the young rat) and then noticed a wrench on the ground. \"That's it\" he gasped to himself. \"What's it?\" frowned Spike. Then, Roddy grabbed Le Frog and made him lash out his tongue to stick on a wall. He swung down, scrapping the pin across the ice and towards the wrench and caught it. \"What are you doing?\" shouted a confused Spike. \"Getting into a jam\" grinned Roddy as he swung back and threw the wrench into the gears. They stopped working and exploded! The gates began to close so fast before the wave could even enter the city and it broke the ice. \"Yes!\" cheered Roddy. Seeing this, the entire city cheered and started to laugh and dance for their victory. Roddy and Spike ran off toward the city. \"You wretched vermin, I'll make you pay for this!\" the Toad vowed. But then, Roddy stopped celebrating and remembered something. \"Where's Rita?\" he asked, worriedly. Everyone turned their heads to see Whitey pulling something out from the water. \"Oh, dear\" gasped the albino. \"Rita!\" cried Roddy as he approached the unconscious rat laying on the cement. As Roddy held Rita in his arms, the entire city were shocked to see what was happening before them. Even Rita's family couldn't handle it. \"My poor baby\" said her mother. All the rats lowered their heads, believing that Rita was gone... forever. Spike didn't mourn however, he still saw Rita as an enemy since the Toad told him everything that she was not. His eyes filled with tears, but Spike growled and kicked a screaming slug, walking away sadly. Suddenly, Rita began to cough out water, then stood up and then looked up to Roddy. \"Roddy? What happened? Did we stop the flood?\" she asked. \"Yes. Yes, Rita\" chuckled Roddy. \"We stopped it. We did it.\" The rat crowd cheered once more. \"Good on you, lad!\" said one rat. \"You did it, you saved us!\" screamed another. Pegleg the cook appeared among the crowd. \"Hooray for Millicent Bystander!\" he said. \"Actually, it's Roddy St. James\" corrected Roddy. And then suddenly, Roddy was lifted off the ground and was thrown up and down by the crowd as they chanted his name. \"RODDY! RODDY! RODDY! RODDY!\" He turned to Rita, who smiled at him. \"You're a hero, Roddy\" she said. The two rats embraced. \"Oh, I love a happy ending\" Whitey sighed. Spike was still walking away. \"Uh, Spike, where are you going?\" asked Whitey. \"Leave me alone, Whitey\" replied Spike. \"Happy endings are for those who've gone soft.\" Just as he walked away, he bumped into a female rat and they both fell onto the ground. \"Oi! Watch it!\" shouted the rat. \" W atch it yourself!\" Spike barked back. Then, Spike recognized the rat and gasped softly. \"Mum!\" he cried. \"Spike!\" The two embraced, both happy to see each other. \"Are you all right, Spike?\" she asked. \"I was so worried about you. Thank goodness.\" Spike didn't say anything, but was relieved that his mother was safe from harm. \"Are you happy now, Spike?\" asked Whitey, who was watching the two reunite with a smile. Spike nodded his head slowly. Roddy and Rita chuckled. And then, Roddy finally spoke. \"Rita... I was wondering if you do build a Jammy Dodger Mark II, um...\" Rita's eyes lit up in surprise. \"You wouldn't happen to need a first mate... would you?\" Hearing this, Rita smiled as she looked at Roddy. \"Hmm...\" The End ","Summary":" Rita was tied up and hung over the floodgate. She tried to fight against the ropes, but then gave u"},{"Movie":"Flushed Away","Title":"After You've Rescued Me","Author":"samuraistar","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6013989","Passage":"[Chapter 1] AAAAAAAAAAAH! (lands on face in sewer water) Um…Hi, everybody! The name's samuraistar, and I am a HUGE Flushed Away fan, and a total Roddy/Rita love fan! I thought I'd stick my toes in the sewer water here with a one-shot; I especially hope Roddyheart will look at it (you seem to be the dominant writer in this section). I hope I've captured them well, and I humbly lay my work at your feet for your (hopeful) enjoyment! Please leave a review and please enjoy! \"They say teasing's a sign of love.\" —Haru Sohma, Fruits Basket Title: After You've Rescued Me Full Summary : Roddy finishes his soul-baring confession to Rita aboard the Jammy Dodger II. \"See that one there?\" Rita pointed out, \"That's the Big Cheese Dipper. Actually, it's the Big Dipper, but we call it the Big Cheese Dipper in my family.\" \"I like that,\" Roddy smiled up at the famous constellation. He and Rita were lying head-to-head on their resting places aboard the new Jammy Dodger (which were the same as on the first one), watching the stars through the open space with the English Ivy growing over the brick walls. \"And that one,\" she pointed at a different one, \"is Nicodemus, former leader of the Rats of NIMH.\" \"Really?\" he asked, his interest piqued, \"Where? I don't see him.\" \"Look.\" She scooted closer and pointed with her arm next to his face. \"Those two bright ones are his eyes, that straight line is his staff, and those wavy lines are his mustache.\" \"Oh, there he is,\" said Roddy, \"That's amazing! Okay, here's one.\" Now he pointed. \"See that sort of circle-shaped ring there?\" \"Yeah,\" she said. \"There's a face just underneath. See it?\" Rita stared squinty-eyed at it for a while, then her face lit up. \"Blimey, it's Elvis!\" she laughed, \"I don't believe it!\" \"Thank you very much,\" he imitated The King. Rita laughed again. \"My father and I used to do this all the time when I was a kid,\" she said and pillowed her head with one hand. She purposely left out that her parents used to do this before she and the kids were born. \"When Tabitha first brought me home,\" said Roddy, \"I had trouble sleeping the first month or so, so she'd bring me out of the cage and show me the stars. It's been a long time since I've done this with anyone.\" He thought of all those nights he'd watched the night skies from his cage, when Tabitha felt he was more settled and stopped letting him out, the nights he spent alone. Which reminded him… \"Rita,\" he sighed and sat up, \"I owe you an apology.\" Rita looked curious and sat up, too. \"For what?\" she asked. Roddy leaned his elbows on his knees. \"For not trusting you with the truth,\" he said in a sad, quiet voice, \"And for pushing you away.\" Rita thought for a second. \"Oh,\" she realized, \"The family thing. Roddy, really it's okay—\" \"I-I know,\" he said with his hands up, \"But please, let me apologize anyway. I feel I have to do this before it drives me mad.\" \"Well, okay,\" she smiled and placed her feet on the floor, \"If it'll keep you sane.\" \"Right.\" He shifted to face her directly, so their knees almost touched. Roddy laid his hand over hers. \"Rita, I'm sorry,\" he said truthfully, \"You were right about me, you were right about everything, as I said before. I thought if you knew I lived alone, with no family or friends or anyone , you'd think I was a pathetic loser, like Sid said. I should have remembered that if I could trust you with my life as I have, then I could trust you with the truth.\" Rita covered his hand with her other one. \"What is the truth, Roddy?\" she asked gently. Roddy looked at her for a moment, seeing in her lovely emerald eyes—bright but toned down for the seriousness of the moment—that it was all right to tell her, that she'd accept him no matter what. He placed his other hand on top of hers, completing the stack. \"The truth is,\" he said before he lost his nerve, \"I was lonely. So lonely I was reduced to talking to dolls like some madman. I loved my home and I loved my life, but at the end of every day all there was, was me. I asked you to take me back because it was all I knew, all I had. I thought I belonged there, even after you left…but looking back on that, I think I was just being stubborn, trying to lick the wounds on my pride.\" \"But you came back,\" she pointed out. \"I came back because of The Toad,\" he said. He held her hands and faced her squarely. \"I stayed because of you.\" Her look of surprise made him smile; she was so unassuming, so humble! No wonder everyone liked her. \"Well,\" she recovered, \"I didn't think you were staying for me mum!\" They chuckled. \"Don't get me wrong, Rita,\" Roddy smiled, \"I adore your mother and have the highest respect for your father. They're exactly what I wish mine were like…\" He reached up and touched her face. \"…but it wasn't until I had you that I realized I had nothing,\" he finished, \"And when I let you walk away like that, I hated myself so much. I was a fool, a proud, idiotic fool…\" He dropped his hand and bowed his head shamefully. \"…and I'm sorry.\" He gently squeezed her hands. \"I know now,\" he said to her face, \"that I only have everything…when I have you. \"I love you, Rita,\" he said softly, \"You are everything to me.\" For a little bit Rita just stared at him with this soft, emotional look in her eyes, sparkling with starlight. Then she smiled. \"I suppose I wasn't foolish after all,\" she said quietly. \"About what?\" \"About you,\" she said, \"I chided myself when I left your place. I was angry at myself, too, for something that's never happened to me before.\" She was getting misty-eyed, so she took a deep breath and rubbed an eye. \"I fell in love with a passenger,\" she confessed, \"and I hated myself for it. I told myself, 'You knew this was going to end, you knew he belonged here, this whole thing was business and you let it get personal,' things like that. I broke the rule everyone breaks in the movies: Don't get emotionally involved.\" She shrugged. \"But I did. I loved you when we got to your house, I loved you when I left, I even loved you when The Toad hung me by the floodgates. I loved you…\" With no warning, she leaned forward and threw her arms around his neck; this time he didn't hesitate. He hugged her back. Then, on a second thought, he stood up with her to hold her properly. They didn't pull apart once. \"Was it Ice Cold Rita?\" he asked with a smile. She chuckled and pulled back a bit. \"Partly,\" she admitted, \"I think I actually started liking you after you hired me, because I teased you about the piranha. I just didn't realize it until I saw you playing Tom Jones for my grandmum. Watching you sing on a duck…it's a little embarrassing, but…as long as we're having confessionals…that's when I first fell in love with you.\" \"Don't worry,\" he whispered playfully, \"I won't tell anyone.\" \"Thanks,\" she giggled, \"but what cinched it for me was when I was dangling in front of the floodgates, and I was terrified of my family being drowned. I had a selfish moment and missed you. Then I heard your voice.\" She was trying to keep her composure now. \"You left your beautiful home behind. You left everything behind to save us—the jewels, the car, the perfection…\" Her voice shook as she looked at him. \"And you came for me, again. You always kept coming after me, even when I tried to push you away, even when a world that wasn't yours was in danger. You came back for me.\" She leaned her forehead on his shoulder and he pressed his hands to her back. \"You always came back for me,\" she said near tears, \"and I love you for it.\" Roddy's heart thumped joyfully inside him; he gently pulled her back and lifted her chin with his knuckles. \"Say again?\" he asked with that charming smile of his. She smiled back. \"I love you, Roddy St. James,\" she said, touching his face. \"And I you, Rita Malone,\" he replied softly, \"I will always come back for you, no matter what.\" He took her face in his hands and kissed her sweet and long. They could have stayed that way forever had a quartet of slugs not floated by. One was singing and the other three backed him up with a doo-wop style background. In the still of the night, I held you, held you tight Roddy rolled his eyes with a groan. Rita chuckled again. \"Why am I not surprised?\" he sighed, \"Oh, well.\" He held her hand up. \"Shall we dance?\" \"Let's,\" she agreed. He twirled her onto the deck and they slow-danced together under the sewer-framed stars. In the still of the night… THE END! ","Summary":" AAAAAAAAAAAH! (lands on face in sewer water) Um…Hi, everybody! The name's samuraistar, and I am a H"},{"Movie":"Flushed Away","Title":"Unexpected Christmas Visitors","Author":"caseyjsaisi","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13138786","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Roddy and Rita were celebrating Christmas with Rita's entire family. Since they had saved Ratropolis from the giant wave that could have flushed away every rat from the city, the Malones invited Roddy to their annual Christmas gathering. They spent the entire holiday evening exchanging gifts, singing carols (even poor Roddy had to sing a Tom Jones version of I'll Be Home for Christmas for Rita's grandma) and they had a huge Christmas dinner that Rita bought from the marketplace the other day. When darkness came, they lit candles all around the house and sat at the fire, trying to keep warm from the cold of the sewer and drinking hot cocoa with plenty of marshmallows. There wasn't any snow in the sewer like it does Up Top, but it still had a cold winter breeze. As Mr. and Mrs. Malone had the younger children settle in for the night, there were rudely awakened by a loud knock at the door. BANG, BANG, BANG, BANG! \"Who could that be?\" asked Mr. Malone. \"I'll answer it, Dad\" Rita replied cautiously. \"I'll come with you\" said Roddy. The two rats dashed to the front door. \"If it's anyone serious, get ready\" whispered Rita. Roddy nodded in agreement. Slowly, they opened the door to find a smaller rat, covered in a hooded cloak, on the ground unconscious. His entire body was blue from his face to the tip of his tail. The cloak was the only clothing that kept him warm, no hat, no scarf, no mittens and no earmuffs. Gasping, Roddy and Rita pulled the rat into the house. \"Rita, what-\" Mrs. Malone began before she noticed the rat in Roddy and Rita's arms. \"Mum, he's cold as ice\" Rita explained. Worried, Mrs. Malone felt the rat's forehead. \"He's definitely chilled to the bone\" she said. At an instant, three of Rita's sisters helped their mother placed the rat in a small silver tub and removed only his shoes and socks. The poor rat's teeth started to chatter like crazy. Mrs. Malone brought over a pot of hot, boiling water from the stove and poured it into the tub, which helped the rat warm up a little bit. When he started to cough violently, there was something that made Roddy and Rita feel uncomfortable. \"That rat sounds familiar\" frowned Roddy. \"Yes, like we've met him somewhere before\" agreed Rita. And then, another knock on the door startled them. Roddy went to open the door and this time, it was Whitey! Seeing the large albino rat, Roddy gasped. Rita ran to Roddy's side, ready to fight. \"Oi, careful. I'm not here to fight. Have you seen Spike?\" asked Whitey. Roddy and Rita were confused. Spike? Spike who? \"I last saw him, takin' a walk and then he disappeared before me eyes. Now, I can't find him\" the large rat continued. \"Haven't seen him\" snapped Rita, rudely. Roddy was a bit worried and then turned to Rita. \"You don't think...\" Roddy began. Their eyes wide, Roddy and Rita both ran back into the house and removed the cloak to reveal the real identity of the rat. \"SPIKE?!\" But Spike was unable to answer them, he was still shivering to death. Whitey had to explain that he and Spike were simply trying to use the remaining of the Toad's liquid nitrogen to freeze their former lair since it was abandoned when the Toad was arrested. But Spike started to freeze from the cold. Despite the kind of rat Spike is, Mrs. Malone decided to keep him nice and warm until he was back to health once more. It wasn't until Spike regained consciousness. He jumped up and started to snap, fighting in thin air. \"Oi! What are you looking at?!\" he barked. \"Come on, then! You want to go?\" Then he stopped and stared at the confused rats in front of him. \"Brr! Blimey, I feel cold\" Spike continued. \"Are you feeling better now, Spike?\" asked Whitey. Spike growled and rolled his eyes, but started to shiver again. Rita was more annoyed than Spike was. She didn't want her own worst enemies in her family's house and she couldn't even stand them. \"Mum, you've got to get rid of him\" she growled. \"I can't\" her mother replied. \"He'll freeze to death and it's Christmas.\" \"I'd rather die in the cold than to stay and celebrate with any of you!\" Spike yelled angrily. You see everybody in the entire city of Ratropolis did not know that Spike hated Christmas. The whole Christmas season. Why he hated it? Nobody knows. Well... only Whitey and the rest of the henchrats that they worked with knew but they promised not to tell anyone. Not even his own mother knew. Whitey didn't want to be apart of a huge confrontation, so he respectfully backed away. In the other room, Liam and some of Rita's little sisters watched to see what's happening. \"What's eating him?\" asked one of the sisters. \"He's like Ebenezer Scrooge 36 years younger\" sneered Liam. Spike got up on his feet, only to fall back onto the chair groaning in pain. \"Oh, oh, please don't\" begged Rita's mother. \"You'll hurt yourself.\" Roddy was confused as Spike bundled himself up in the blanket around his body. \"Rita, shouldn't we do something?\" he asked. But Rita didn't say anything, she just watched as her mum gave Spike all the comfort he needed. Salty tears begin to swell in Spike's eyes despite his attempts to hide them. Roddy and Rita were surprised to see this side of Spike they have never seen before in their entire lives. \"What's the matter?\" asked Mrs. Malone. It took Spike a while to answer, since he was still shivering. \"Where it's Christmas, I-\" Then, Spike angrily stamp his foot, splashing water all over the place. \"My mum wants nothing to do with me and leaves for the holiday every year!\" he began. \"And for what?! For some stupid excuse that involved a fight and the following day, a man left his wife and child for being different from him!\" This made the Malones and Roddy react in shock. Angry, Spike, having regain his strength, got up and walked out the door until he reached the docs staring at the water. \"The poor lad\" Mrs. Malone sighed sadly. And then, something unexpected happened. Mimi, one of Rita's little sisters walked out of the house and slowly approached Spike at the docs. Spike and Whitey were confused. What is this lass doing? they thought. Mimi slowly touched his hand and then gave him a big hug. Touched by the child's kindness, Spike felt something that he never felt for the longest time: love. He then embraces Mimi and slowly gets up on his feet, following her back into the house. By the time they got back inside, Roddy and Rita gasped in surprise. \"Mimi, what are you doing?\" Rita asked. \"He's a bad guy.\" But Mimi didn't respond and helped Spike sit back down in his seat. \"He's lonely\" Mimi finally answered. \"Nobody should be alone on Christmas.\" Hearing this, Rita softened and realized Mimi was right. \"Aww...\" cooed their other siblings from the other room. \"Children, I thought I sent you to bed\" warned Mrs. Malone. Liam and the other kids groaned, disappointed. Mimi whimpered and followed the others. \"No, no, no, not you, young lass\" said Roddy. \"You can stay up a little longer.\" Squealing happily, Mimi started to dance and ran to Roddy and Rita's side. \"I'm so proud of you, my little sister\" smiled Rita. For the rest of the night, Mimi showed Spike the Christmas decorations and the tree, why the Malones even let him and Whitey have the remaining leftover food. Roddy and Rita thought Spike and Whitey were their enemies for the rest of their days, but it was Mimi who showed them despite their feud, they should welcome them on the holidays where Spike was at his worst. Spike, on the other hand, didn't enjoy the Christmas season but he got the respect he wanted from Mimi. When it was time for bed, Roddy and Rita slept in the living room on the sofa. Since Spike was staying for the night, Mimi wanted to sleep with him (to make sure he had company even in sleep). Whitey, since he saw how all set Spike was, wished everyone a happy Christmas before he took off and returned to his home. So, Mrs. Malone had Mimi sleep in a laundry basket while the former henchrat slept on the floor by the fireplace where it was nice and warm. Everyone slept in their \"beds\" peacefully and it was a happy Christmas in deed. THE END ","Summary":" Roddy and Rita were celebrating Christmas with Rita's entire family. Since they had saved Ratropoli"},{"Movie":"Flushed Away","Title":"Ivan","Author":"alyssness","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4541827","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Set right when Rita and Roddy where about to get frozen. Only they see something… or someone. Disclaimer. It only takes one word. Disclaimer. We are heading for the freezer. Why? I have no idea. The door opens. Mr. Toad says something, but I'm not listening. I see many people, they are frozen. Their eyes are blinking. I realize that only the ones in the front are blinking. The ones in the back are long gone, not even ever going to blink again. I see a girl. She is in the front. She is not blinking like the others. I worry for her. Mr. Toad sees me looking at her. \"Her name was Ivy, she was a sweet girl, really. She came to my front porch, looking for help. Some wacko told her I was a therapist. I was about to let her go, but she saw one of my…collections. I had no choice. She simply sat there and glared at me. She died young, she did. Around only thirteen. It's sad.\" I looked at Ivy. She is sitting. And glaring. But the glare didn't reach her eyes. Like she knew something, some dark secret. And pain. Like she had the world and everyone's worries all on her shoulders. This girl, Ivy, has hurt. She is rather small for thirteen, and her hair was a deep, dark black. Her eyes are a beautiful sapphire blue, seeming to glow. She is familiar. \"Ivy! Oh! Ivy Milton! Oh no! My, god. Sid has been looking up top and down low for you! Oh no, Ivy. Ivan Rachelle Milton! You can't die! Think of your big brother! Think of Sid! Please, Ivy! Please don't die!\" Rita starts shouting out at Ivy. I realize, now. That Rita has a heart. Wait, did she say Sid? The guy that got me into this mess. Yes, it must be. Poor Sid. Poor Ivan. Sid must be her brother. I'll right next to her. How ironic. I start to laugh. Not in the happy or humor sense, but because it seems, that's all I can do. ","Summary":" Set right when Rita and Roddy where about to get frozen. Only they see something… or someone. Discl"},{"Movie":"Flushed Away","Title":"No Turning Back","Author":"Dr. Brennen","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4456276","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Rita heardnfootsteps in the shadows. She was so afraid. She had received anchilling phone call earlier in the day saying that if she didn't donas she was told, she would never see Roddy, her husband and firstnmate, ever again. \"Go to the flood gate tower and stand in frontnof the ice maker.\" the voice had said. \"Stay there until mynpartner arrives and do what he says, or Roddy dies.\" That's why Ritanwas standing in the tower alone. She couldn't lose him. If she did,nshe would die with a broken heart. She knew it could all be a lie,nbut she wasn't taking any chances. \"This is a great birthdaynpresent\" she thought sarcastically. Just then, a newt steppedninto the light. Rita began to think about her daughter, Robin, stillnat home asleep in her bed. \"What if I die today?\" Shenthought, \"If neither of us make it, she'll be all alone.\" Rita followednhim to the back of the building where a small boat was waiting. Shenfelt a sharp pain in the back of her head and blacked out. Shencame to just as the small boat stopped in front of an abandonednbuilding in a run down area of Pickadily. A large rat hat seminglyncome out of nowhere yanked her to her feet, and began dragging herninside. She tried not to show her fear. When came to the end of anlong hall way the rat opened a door and shoved her inside. She lookednacrossed the room and nearly fainted. There across From her sat anlarge Burmise python. ","Summary":" Rita heardnfootsteps in the shadows. She was so afraid. She had received anchilling phone call earl"},{"Movie":"Flushed Away","Title":"Break Away","Author":"Dana Kathrine Scully","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4160342","Passage":"[Chapter 1] BREAK AWAY :.:summary:.: Rita has enough money now to go tonPiccadilly Sewer University, or PSU. With Roddy's brains and Rita'snstreet-smart—or COLLEGE-smart, for that matter—personality, shenhopes to graduate with a good degree and enough know-how to get onnthe fast track of life. Well, whaddid ya expect?! It's the onlyntrack she knows well enough to survive on!! uf04a uf04auf04auf04auf04auf04auf04auf04auf04auf04auf04auf04auf04auf04a Rita sat in her room, waiting anxiously for thenmail to arrive. She pulled out her diary and began writing about hernlatest accomplishment, which was bringing together enough money for anscholarship at Piccadilly Sewer University. Oh,ndoes it know I'm anxious? Does it know that I want to go toncollege? Oi…..I must be going crazy… she thought. MaritanKayLynn Renaldo Malone, you are just getting a slip of paper thatnsays either 'yes' or 'no', nothing else! Just a piece ofnpaper! \"Just a slip of paper that will change your lifenin every way, shape, and form,\" A voice said from Rita's doorway.nRoddy leaned on the doorframe. Rita couldn'tnfind her own tongue, due to the surprise of her last thoughtnapparently being vocal. \"R-Roddy!\"nshe blabbered. \"H-How much did you hear?\" Roddynchuckled. \"Not much. Just 'Marita KayLynn Renaldo Malone….'nAnd until I interrupted you.\" He walked in and sat beside Rita onnher loveseat. \"Anxious?\" he said, switching his voice from anjoking tone to a sympathetic hum. Rita frownednand nodded. \"It's got me on the edge of my seat. I want to go toncollege so bad, Rodders!\" Rita said. Suddenly tears welled up innher eyes. Merely the thought of not getting into PSU was unreal. Hernnumber one dream in life(next to getting a boyfriend, which hadn'tnbeen officially fulfilled yet) was to get two Master's degrees, innengineering and construction, so that she could fully upgrade thenDodger to modern terms. \"Rita, Inknow your heart will break if you don't get the scholarship,\"nRoddy said comfortingly, placing a hand gently on her shoulder. \"butnI'll be with you no matter what the answer is.\" Rita smilednand looked deep into his eyes and whispered, 'Thank You.' Will Rita get her scholarship? Will she get into PSU andngraduate with what she plans to go in for? Find out in Episode 2 ofnthe new \"Boyfriends, Degrees, and Dramas\" series in Flushed Away. I hopenthis'll be a hit! ","Summary":" BREAK AWAY :.:summary:.: Rita has enough money now to go tonPiccadilly Sewer University, or PSU. Wi"},{"Movie":"Flushed Away","Title":"Only You Make Me Happy","Author":"Dana Kathrine Scully","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4545795","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Only You Make Me Happy Only YounMake Me Happy Rita couldn't believenwhat Cassie had just told her. \"W-what?\" she asked. \"I said, 'Roddynheard a rumor about you dating someone else. He's really down aboutnit. And now he thinks he didn't make you happy, which is all younwanted from him.'\" Cassie repeated. Those words ate throughnRita like acid. Whoever started the rumor out of fun wouldn't benlaughing at the end. How would she make Roddy believe her that shenwasn't dating another? Well, she couldn't MAKE him believe her.nShe could give him proof that she wasn't. Hopefully she wouldn'tnend up being the girl in that one Carrie Underwood song. I dug my key intonthe side Of his pretty littlensouped-up four wheel drive, I carved my nameninto the leather seat. Took a Louisvillenslugger to both headlights. Punched a hole innall four tires. Maybe next timenhe'll think before he cheats… No! She couldn't benthinking that. She just barely found out. It was too early to worry. \"Cass, do you know ifnhe hates me now?\" Rita asked, her voice trembling. \"I dunno. All I heardnwas the rumor, and then I went and talked to him for roughly 10nseconds. Poor dude looked driven to tears.\" Rita's heartnshattered into a billion pieces. This wasn't gonna be pretty. -- The next day Rita wentnto Roddy's dorm room. Rodders, PLEASE forgive me! Shenprayed. Roddy opened the doornwith a smile, but his eyes became sad when he saw her outside. \"Oh.nHi.\" He greeted her. The entire time shentried to tell him the rumor wasn't true, he wouldn't look her innthe eye, nor would he speak much. This is ludicrous!nHe could at least have the common courtesy to talk more than twonwords while I'm here. Here I am, doing everything in my power tontell him what he fears the most isn't happening, and he won'tneven look me in the face! Not for a second. Rita couldn't controlnher frustration anymore. \"Oh my gosh, Roddy.\" She got up from hernplace on the couch and stomped out past his roommate, Christian.n\"What was that all about?\" he questioned. \"Nothing, I hope,\"nRoddy whispered. Rita tried not to crynas she hailed a taxi. What happened to the Roddy she'd gone outnwith countless times before? It's like he just, disappeared intonthin air and was replaced by a drone or something. \"How can thisnhappen?\" she asked herself when she got back to the house shenshared with three other girls from college. Everyone had someone tongo have a blast with but her. Cassie was out with Skylar, Lindsay wasnwith John, and Kumi with Kei. She walked into her room and droppednonto her bed. \"How could I be suchna dipstick?\" she hissed at herself angrily. She slammed her fistnonto her nightstand, knocking off her journal. She sighed and pickednit up. She was about to close it when a paper fell out. She picked itnup and out of curiosity, unfolded it. It was a song she had writtennwhen she was in high school with her garage band! And the song wasnperfect for what she had gotten into. Rita immediately pickednup the phone and dialed Trixie Tucson's number. \"Hello?\" Trixienasked. \"Trixie, its Ri.\" Rita! Haven't heardnfrom you in a while.\" \"Yeah, I know.nListen. I need you to call Jason, Brittney, Jadis, and Danni. Tellnthem to come here with their band equipment. We're getting backntogether for a while.\" \"Fine, but what'snthis about, Ri?\" \"You'll see. I'vengot the song here, so don't worry about the sheet music.\" \"Got it.\" -- Rita answered the doornwhen the doorbell rang. All five of the other band members stood onnthe porch. \"Come on in! We cannset up right here.\" She said, gesturing to the large space she hadncleared out. Altogether they had one bass guitar, two electric,ndrums, two background vocalists, and one lead. Rita plugged her guitarninto Jason's speaker system. She strummed once and was startled.nHer guitar wasn't tuned. \"Augh!\" she yelped. \"Well, THAT soundedngood,\" Brittney laughed. \"Yeah, I know! Maybenwe should keep it like this!\" Rita joked, playing it like she knewnwhat she was doing. Brittney covered her ears. \"Uh, let's leaventhe notes alone, shall we?\" \"Lets.\" Ritanreplied. \"Okay….\" She sat down on the couch to tune herninstrument. When everything wasnplugged in and rigged together, the six began the song. They had tonpractice it multiple times, due to the fact that they hadn't playednit in years. Eventually, they had itnright, and all gave high-fives to one another. This was probably thenbest song they had ever played. Now the only question was, how wouldnChase respond to it? -- The time came for whennthe band set up in Roddy's dorm room. Christian andnMichael(Mee-ky-el) had rearranged and cleared space in the frontnroom, so that when Roddy came home, the first thing he would see wasnthe band. Then they could begin the song. Rita began working onnthe cables and mikes, her hands trembling. She was so nervous! Christian walked intonthe room. \"Need any help? I had a garage band once.\" \"Sure. There's sonmuch to get ready for. The song, the response, the heartbreak ornsmiles, whichever it may be…I'm totally engulfed in this.\" Rita had to stop andnclose her eyes for a moment when her head began spinning. She was toonstressed. 'A massage would be good right now,' she thought -- Rita had calmed downnand was fine by the time Michael excitedly reported that Roddy hadnjust pulled into the tenant parking lot. She felt excited, yet at thensame time, like she could burst into tears. But now she focused onnmeeting her goal; convincing Roddy that he WAS making her happy, andnthat what he had heard was merely gossip. \"Okay! Set up! He'snin the hallway!\" Christian told Rita, who nodded. Her heart ratensped up. The door opened, andnRoddy walked in. His eyes opened wide when they began playing. Henflushed and started to back out, but Michael closed the door beforenhe could. \"Just listen to them,\" he whispered was he pulled overna chair for Roddy to sit on. Rita began the lyrics. \" I was chasing myndreams, with a Coke and a smile Only you make menhappy!\" \" If that was thenreal thing, them I'm in denial Only you make menhappy!\" \" Now my heart'snon my sleeve. Don't care if I'm not in style. Only you make menhappy!\" \" Superficial, Fakenand fleeting Fashion statementsnhave no meaning!\" \" Only you make menhappy, only you make me happy Everything willnchange, but you remain the same, Only you make menhappy!\" \" I had it underncontrol, I had it right where it wants me. Only you make menhappy!\" \" I had the rocknand the roll! It made me one of the posse. Only you make menhappy!\" Fame and fortune,nblind ambition Can't replace thenlove you've given!\" \" Only you make menhappy, only you make me happy Everything willnchange, but you remain the same, Only you make menhappy!\" The music went on for anfew seconds, and Rita saw an opportunity to glance at Roddy. Henlooked astounded. \" Like a song in mynhead, it lives and it dies Only you make menhappy!\" \" Elvis is dead,nbut my love is alive Only you make menhappy!\" \" Only you make menhappy, only you make me happy Everything willnchange, but you remain the same, Only you make menhappy Everything can go,ncuz the one one thing I know is Only you make menhappy!\" Rita searched Roddy'sneyes for an answer. What she got back from him was incredible. Shensaw forgiveness, mercy, and a second shot at their relationship innhis eyes alone. What she felt in his embrace brought tears ofnhappiness to her eyes. He whispered in her ear, \"That wasnbeautiful. Telling from the way you sang it, you meant what you werensinging.\" \"S-so you'vendropped the rumor?\" \"Absolutely.\" When their lips camentogether seconds later, not only were they putting back together whatnhad been obliterated, but were creating a whole new meaning for thenphrase 'I love you.\" 5 YEARS LATER The dew covered groundnbegan to be warmed by the morning's first lights one beautifulnThursday morning. Rita got up and stretched, then walked out of thenbedroom and into another room, which was decorated like a nursery,nfor that's what it was. She walked over to the crib and reached in,ngently whispering 'Good morning' to the newborn baby sleepingninside. A bubbly baby's laugh filled the room, just like thensunlight. Rita smiled as she looked into the eyes of her son. \"I had dreamed of younfor years, Bryce. You're a dream come true,\" she whispered. Ritanthen walked over to the window with her baby and looked out over thencity, seeing a new generation beginning to unfold. The End ","Summary":" Only You Make Me Happy Only YounMake Me Happy Rita couldn't believenwhat Cassie had just told her. "},{"Movie":"The Mask","Title":"Behind the Mask","Author":"Citywriter84","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11358877","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A Terrible Secret \"Punch Carly?\" asked Alison. \"No thanks, I'm going to stay sober for now,\" said Carly. Alison shrugged and poured herself some purple punch. They were at a house party and Carly wanted to work up the courage to tell Jack something. Something about her crush on him. Outside the moon shone bright, casting everything in a ghostly light. But inside the electric lights were on and the party was quite a sedate affair. \"I'll be going upstairs shortly,\" said Jack from across the room. Carly realised that she could probably catch him alone if she hurried upstairs first. She hastened up the stairs, towards the bathroom door. She wanted to reapply her makeup. She had brought her handbag with her. She knew she overpacked wherever she went. It was like a nervous habit. She gazed in the mirror and brushed aside her long, thick brown hair. Her reflection gazed back with bright brown eyes. Her mascara needed touching up. She rummaged through her handbag and found a roughly carved wooden mask that she had found in the river the previous day. She really didn't need to be carting that around! She took it out. It was quite plain and unadorned. The cheeks of its carved faced seemed to bulge somewhat. She wondered who it could fit. She lifted it up to the light. Was it her imagination or did the inside of the mask appear to shimmer with eerie lights? She lifted it to her face. As soon as it touched her she felt a terrible jolt through her entire body, like a powerful electric shock. The mask was clinging to her face, burning her. She tried to grab at it, but it clung on tightly and tendrils of wood sprouted out from it, encasing her whole head and tangling in her unruly hair. And then it squeezed hard on her skull. So hard she thought her brain would burst. She collapsed to the floor, her eyes tight shut, agony overwhelming. And then there was another flash. She felt different. Power coursed through her. The pain was gone. She felt strong. The colours of the bathroom towels and mats now seemed brighter and more vibrant. The myriad scents and smells of the bathroom were now much more intense. She touched the woollen rug. Sensations coursed through her. Her fingers were so much more sensitive. Nothing could phase her now. She was on her feet. She glanced at the mirror. She was not even shocked to see the apparition in the mirror – herself, but bright green and completely bald, with lips of a darker green, almost black. She touched her cheek. Her face was very smooth to the touch and her own touch felt exquisite. She glanced at reflection again. So different and yet her breasts were no bigger. As if in obedience to her thoughts, her breasts expanded, her bra straining to contain them. Well she needed to wear something more stylish. Suddenly her clothes became tight fitting black leather. She suddenly remembered something. Jack would be coming upstairs. Well now she knew what to do. Swift as lightning, she streaked down the passageway. Jack was just emerging from the stairwell and turning into one of the rooms. She darted in after him and shut the door, willing it to seal itself. Jack turned and gasped. His beautiful freckled face was startled. She knew she was unrecognisable. She glided up to him, swift as thought. \"Hey hot stuff,\" she said and her voice was low and husky. She reached up to stroke his lustrous auburn hair, but he took a step back. \"Who… what are you?\" he stammered. \"Don't you know?\" She pounced on him, bowling him over onto a sofa and brought her freakishly altered face close to his sweet, normal one. \"Ready to make sparks fly?\" she breathed. \"No! Let me up,\" he said, plainly terrified. He struggled, but she kept him pinned down, amazed by her own strength. She put a hand over his mouth. \"Ssh, just relax,\" she whispered huskily. The next morning it was Sunday. It was still early morning at Carly's house. Her mum and stepdad, Pam and Guy, were sitting at the kitchen table. \"Where is Carly? She didn't come back last night,\" said Pam, \"she's in trouble when she gets back.\" \"Ah now, she's probably in her room like a good girl,\" said Guy soothingly. \"You know full well she hasn't been back,\" snapped Pam. \"There you go, always flying off the handle,\" said Guy. At that moment the front door slammed. \"Carly!\" yelled Pam, \"where've you been?\" \"In my room, mum,\" Carly called back. But her tone was sarcastic and her voice was trembling. \"You get in here!\" called Pam. \"Aw, you heard, she's been in her room,\" said Guy. \"Rubbish!\" snapped Pam. Then she called, \"come in here this instant young lady, or else.\" There was the sound of footsteps and then Carly pushed open the kitchen door. She looked a mess. Her thick, unruly hair was messier than ever and her mascara had run down her cheeks. She had been crying. \"Listen, last night was absolutely crazy and I think I did something terrible, so don't start on me, mum,\" said Carly, her voice trembling. \"There, she's under the weather, let her go to her room,\" said Guy. \"Cut that out, Guy,\" said Pam. In a softer voice she addressed Carly again. \"Dear, if you're really under the weather, you must talk about it.\" Carly sat down. She sniffed. Her bottom lip was trembling. \"I'm an awful person,\" she said abruptly, her voice choked. \"No, you're true blue,\" said Guy. \"What happened Carly, what did you do?\" pressed Pam. \"Couldn't have been bad,\" said Guy. \"Quiet Guy, don't minimise it,\" said Pam. \"What did you do, Carly?\" \"I – I think I raped a boy!\" said Carly, her voice rising hysterically.[Chapter 2] Discussions There was a pause. \"You raped a boy?\" said Pam slowly. \"Well that's impossible,\" said Guy confidently. \"I – I think I did it,\" said Carly, her voice trembling, pushing her bushy hair away from her face. \"You think you did it,\" said Pam. Carly nodded, her brown eyes wide. \"And how did you so that,\" said Pam steadily, gazing at her daughter. \"I – I held him down and I forced him… this is really weird. And it's really hard to explain…\" said Carly, rubbing her temples in frustration. \"It's so strange!\" \"I'd say,\" said Guy, \"is this guy smaller than you, Carly?\" \"No, he isn't,\" said Carly, shaking her bushy head, \"but I forced him. Um… it would sound incredible though…\" \"Well you can't have done it if he were unwilling,\" said Guy. \"I did,\" said Carly in a dull voice, staring at the wall. \"You sure about this? This isn't a prank?\" said Pam. Carly sniffed and nodded. \"Well go upstairs and get some rest sweetie,\" said Pam, \"we've got to talk about this,\" she said meaningfully to Guy. Carly made for the door, but then turned. \"I don't know what to do, mum,\" she said with a helpless shrug, her expression miserable. \"Try to get some rest, sweetie,\" said Pam. When Carly had gone she turned to Guy. \"Well what are we going to do?\" \"Do?\" said Guy, \"you didn't believe that, did you? Girls can't rape. You can't rape the willing. And a nice girl like Carly? Do you buy it?\" \"She confessed it. She wasn't messing with us. She thinks that she has,\" said Pam, \"can a girl even do that? You know, legally?\" \"Not in this country,\" said Guy comfortably, \"besides, she will probably be over this in no time.\" Carly sat on her bed, feeling as though she wanted to scream and scream. She felt really trapped in her own body. She glanced upwards at the huge clown doll she kept propped up in the room. It was actually a silicone sex doll, large as life, with the right parts that she could have sex with, but no one would know just by glancing at it. The gaudy silks of the clown costume obscured it. She supposed that in secret she was certainly no innocent five year old, but she never wanted to hurt anyone she loved. Still in a state of great anguish, she knew she had to get someone she could actually talk to about this, or she would burst. She sent an urgent message to her friend Sally. Sally was certainly open minded and few things seemed to phase her. She went over in her head what she should say. Even with Sally, she would have to be careful. Sally arrived twenty minutes later. She had her pink baseball cap on, backwards this time. \"What's the deal, Carly?\" she said, pushing her chestnut hair away from her face as she sat down beside Carly on the bed. \"What would you think if I did something really bad and it was too weird to believe?\" said Carly cautiously. \"Something that made no sense?\" said Sally, \"well it's OK to talk about things that make no sense.\" \"Well here it is,\" said Carly, \"last night I was at the house party and was working up my courage to talk to Jack about my crush on him…\" she flushed, but admitting to the crush now seemed insignificant compared to how the rest of the story went. \"I didn't feel very confident, but then I put on this wooden mask I had found and it turned me into some freaky, green nympho monster and I cornered Jack and raped him. At dawn I think I left, but it's hard to remember exactly. I – I'm sure he didn't even recognise me. The mask suddenly enveloped my whole head and turned green when I put it on.\" \"You're saying you're like a rapist Cinderella or something?\" said Sally raising her eyebrows, \"you're right, that doesn't make any sense at all.\" \"No, but it's serious, I did something terrible,\" said Carly, feeling fresh tears welling up in her eyes. Sally narrowed her blue eyes, \"so you dressed up in a Halloween costume to frighten Jack?\" she said. \"It wasn't just a Halloween costume and I didn't just frighten him I held him down and forced him to have sex with me, I've already explained,\" said Carly, feeling hysteria welling up inside her and fighting to keep her voice calm. \"You forced him?\" said Sally. \"If it were a man holding him down and having sex with him against his will, that would be rape,\" said Carly. She was beginning to wonder whether this was entirely pointless and no one would ever take her seriously. \"It was definitely no Cinderella story.\" \"The real story of Cinderella was not the Disney or the ladybird version,\" said Sally, \"it was in fact really strange and scary in places. The ugly step sisters did things like amputate their toes so that they could fit the glass slipper.\" \"That's nasty, but this is nastier,\" said Carly unimpressed. \"I take it you don't believe me either?\" \"Tell you what,\" said Sally, a thoughtful look in her blue eyes, \"the logical thing is to ask Jack what he thought about the encounter.\" Author's Note: Is that a good idea? What would happen if they ask him?[Chapter 3] Revelations Sally looked at her friend intently. Carly looked so solemn, no hint of a smile or laughter in her brown eyes. \"What mask did you wear?\" Carly reached under her bed and pulled out a wooden mask. It looked quite plain and unadorned. Just a roughly carved wooden face mask with bulging cheeks and an iron nose plate. \"Wait, you said it was green?\" \"It turned green when I wore it last night. But at dawn it changed back to wood and fell off then I felt really sick and tired …\" \"Wait, so he saw you with no mask?\" \"No, I went into the bathroom when I began to grow weak. That entire night I had had so much energy… then the mask just slipped off when I went to the bathroom.\" Carly grimaced and shook her head, her bushy brown hair bouncing. \"I made the poor lad go at it all night. He must have been exhausted – and terrified. He kept begging that we stop, but I wouldn't listen…\" Carly's bottom lip quivered and there were tears in her eyes. If this was indeed a prank of some sort, then she was playing it to the hilt. Was it possible? Was it barely possible? \"I could ask him, but how to say it… I'll think of something. If he didn't recognise you I need not use your name yet.\" Carly sniffed and nodded. \"I can't face him again. I can't ever face him again.\" 00O00 It was just as well that Sally was familiar with Jack, so much so that it was normal for her to climb in his window. She had done it often, but this time he gave a start as she clambered in, his green eyes wide. Sally laid a hand on his arm. \"Hey, it's alright, it's just me.\" \"Sally! You gave me a fright.\" \"If you need to tell me anything, I'll listen. I know more than you think.\" He blinked at that. \"I'd always understand you. If anything happened last night…\" \"I don't want to talk about it.\" So something had definitely happened. Sally's suspicions were becoming something like certainty. \"Did a crazy lady with a big green mask assault you last night,\" she said steadily, gazing into his green eyes. \"You must tell me the truth.\" \"I – I … how did you know…\" \"I find things out, Jack. First tell me what your feelings are. That is important.\" He stared dead ahead, his eyes blank. Sally knew the medical term to be flat effect. \"I tried, but couldn't fight her off. She was impossibly strong and made me … do it with her. I feel churned up inside.\" Sally put an arm round his shoulder. \"Naturally.\" \"It's worse because I wanted to wait until marriage. And with that awful mask I don't know who she is. I could actually be a father now without knowing it.\" Sally inhaled sharply. \"Oh my, yes, that is something that is impossible in male on male cases – becoming a father from it. And without even knowing.\" Sally hesitated for an instant, but Carly had not forbade her from repeating anything and it was important that Jack knew for his peace of mind. What if he became a father from this? \"I know who she is, but this is strange. She said she wasn't herself, but it's hard to understand.\" \"She wasn't human. There was some devilment.\" \"I wonder … could the mask have been magic.\" Sally shook her head. \"It was Carly. She confessed it.\" Jack gave a start. \"Carly? She would never.\" \"I know, I know, but I'm starting to believe her mask is magic. That it made her into an unstoppable personification of her Freudian Id and that she wasn't herself. After all this, is that part so much harder to believe?\" \"Believable or not, I did want to wait until marriage. It was important.\" Jack's voice sounded strained. \"Well you don't have to marry her. Certainly not. I always thought it nasty, that idea that rape victims have to marry their rapist over that dogmatic no sex 'til marriage rule.\" Sally suddenly had a new idea. \"And it doesn't count if you are unwilling. The rule should be no lovemaking until marriage. Rape is not lovemaking.\" She gazed upon his freckled face. How was he going to take this? What would he want to do? ","Summary":" A Terrible Secret \"Punch Carly?\" asked Alison. \"No thanks, I'm going to stay sober for now,\" sa"},{"Movie":"Flushed Away","Title":"Sewer Stories","Author":"Mr-Herp-Derp","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8291227","Passage":"[Chapter 1] 1. A Chat Roddy and Rita walked along the docks of Ratstropolis, talking as they went, \"Trust me, Roddy,\" said Rita in a matter of fact tone of voice, \"there is no such thing as a private place anywhere but through this, and since Liam hijacked the Jammy Dodger Mark Two and just about totaled it, we're only going to get a private place to talk by taking a boat and rowing away from prying eyes and ears.\" \"Ah yes,\" said Roddy, \"and what if Le Frog and his band of Ninjas decide to come back for round two, then what?\" \"That's rubbish;\" said Rita, \"Le Frog and his band of henchmen have left for France.\" Seemingly satisfied with the answer, Roddy nodded. They found a boat that they liked, jumped in, and began to paddle along. Initially, Rita was paddling, but grew tired, and therefore, Roddy had to learn how to paddle. When Rita learned Roddy had never rowed a boat before, she teased him, and taught him how. When they found a spot, they began their chat. \"You know why I like you, Roddy?\" asked Rita, \"Why?\" asked Roddy, feeling like he should know the answer, \"Because you're a darn good listener. Remember that day where I was so angry at Liam for wrecking me boat?\" Roddy nodded, \"well, I was afraid to run into him, because I might have made him go through what Dad went through, by breaking all the bones in his body. When you found me, you sat me down, and as I told you how mad I was and why, you just listened to me. And then, when I was done venting, I lost all my anger. You listen to me when I need to vent. And you also know how to make me laugh when I'm down in the dumps.\" \"Well,\" said Roddy, \"It's nothing, just what a Boyfriend does. Now, do you know why I like you?\" Rita shook her head, \"well, you protect me when someone tries to rough me up,\" \"You WILL learn to fight,\" said Rita, \"because I may not always be able to save you.\" \"Sure,\" said Roddy, \"and on the side of that, you are there when I need a friend, someone to talk to, someone to get sympathy from. I don't think anyone else could do that.\" Roddy and Rita had been dating for the better part of a year now. Rita's father had nearly reached a full recovery, with the exception of his legs not fully able to walk yet. And Rita's Granny had still not gotten it through her thick skull that Roddy was not Tom Jones. She would still go bananas whenever he was near. The Malone parents were contemplating taking her to a nursing home. But one thing they had never done yet was kissed. Roddy was afraid if he tried, he would get an awful slap to the face. Rita wondered why, and voiced this, \"Roddy,\" she said, \"and he looked, \"why haven't you kissed me yet?\" \"Um,\" Roddy didn't know how to answer that. \"Is it because you think I don't want that?\" she asked. He nodded, \"I've been waiting for it for a while now.\" Roddy decided to try. He puckered his lips. AS they were just about connected, the pair felt a violent jerk. And then another. And then another. The last jerk was so powerful that it caused the boat to capsize, throwing both Roddy and Rita into the water. \"Tom Jones?\" asked Granny's voice, \"I swear I just saw him, I did.\" She looked for a while, Gave up, and left. Meanwhile, Roddy and Rita were under the boat. There was air for them. And they would soon flip the boat back over, in hopes that the attack had left the boat seaworthy. But for now, their lips were locked, their tongues batting around in each other's mouths. They had finally had their first kiss, and more would follow. Thanks to Flushed Away Princess for telling me the real City name,[Chapter 2] 2. Roddy and Rita versus Moboss Note: Roddy and Rita used the weapons they had in the game here. After over a week of constant pressing, Rita had finally convinced Roddy to let her teach him to fight. Rita knew that even though the Toad's plan had been put on ice, there were still hostile beings that would have it in for them. Rita obviously had not been born knowing how to fight and pull off stunts; she had been trained by her father. The strict training regimen her father used was going to be used with Roddy. This consisted of getting up before the sun to an ever increasing number of pushups, sit ups, crunches, curls, and many more exercises. When that was through, Roddy, as sore as a stubbed toe, would have to run as fast as his stiff and tired legs could carry him, trying to run and not let Rita catch up to him, reaching a certain point, which got farther away every day. If she did, she would tackle him and make him start again. After Roddy got that done, then they would take a half hour break, drinking some water and snacking on some healthy foods. Then came the worst of the whole affair: Roddy had to FIGHT Rita. Rita didn't pull her punches, and when Roddy asked why, she would say, \"Because your enemies won't either.\" At first, Rita beat Roddy to the dirt, but the more they fought, the more Roddy managed to dodge and counter, and even get the drop on Rita every so often. When Rita had Roddy as good as she could make him, they sparred every day to keep in top physical condition. Little did they know, Roddy would have to put these skills to the true test. One day, as they were sparring, their house door was knocked off its hinges. They both hid from view, and spied on the intruders. There were genuinely shocked to find their intruders were none other than Spike and Whitey. \"Rita,\" called Spike, \"come out come out wherever you are.\" \"Millicent,\" called Whitey, \"we know you're here, no use hiding.\" When their backs were turned to them, Roddy and Rita sprang out from their hiding spots and ambushed the two thugs. Rita picked up Spike like a rag doll and tossed him hard into the wall. Whitey was a rather tricky customer. He countered Roddy's tackle and threw him to the floor. Roddy was not affected by this, because of all the times Rita had done the same thing to him; he was used to it as this point. Whitey tried to throw himself on top of Roddy, but Roddy was quick on the draw, he rolled out of the way, causing Whitey fall face first on the floor. Whitey then got up and threw a blind jab, but Roddy easily dodged it and chained a few punches on Whitey's face. Whitey never saw this coming. Even though he was a tower of muscle, he was on the losing end of this bout. Meanwhile, Rita was swinging Spike around the place by his tail, and smashing him into walls and other things. Finally, they surrendered. But this wasn't the end of the predicament. Another figure walked into the room. He wore a charcoal black suit, and had brass knuckles. His face was pure evil, enough to wilt flowers, make crying babies weep, and make a bright blue sky turn grey. He is just about Roddy's size, \"Why hello,\" he said, his voice surprisingly high, \"I see you have managed to make fools out of my top crew members, Spike and Whitey. If I may explain. The Toad was able to get out of that trap, but his tongue couldn't shrink back to normal size fast enough and he starved because of it. Because I was bored one day, I snuck into his funeral. There, I talked to all of the thugs mourning his passing, and told them that my own crew of thugs was broken up by the police, and I was the only one not caught. I asked them to be my new band of thugs, and they agreed quickly. When I learned from them that you two were the reason the Toad's plan failed, I came to the conclusion that I wanted to see what you were made of. Now it seems Whitey and Spike can't beat you, so I shall have a go.\" The rat charged at them, and Roddy and Rita got ready for it. But before they could punch his face in unison, he dove, planting a fist in both of their stomachs. The punch hurt much more than either of them expected. Roddy and Rita knew at that moment that fighting unarmed might not be good. The Pair ran from Moboss and grabbed their Weapons. Roddy's weapon was a toothpick that looked like a sword, and Rita's was a bungee cable. Rita launched the cable, and it slammed into Moboss' face. \"You're both armed now,\" he mused, \"that means I will need to arm myself.\" He took a large club from seemingly nowhere. Roddy tried disarming him with the sword, but to no avail. Long Story short, Roddy and Rita were defeated by Moboss, \"Tsk tsk tsk,\" said Moboss, \"If Toad, Spike, and Whitey lost to YOU TWO; they must have been really weak.\" Moboss stood over Roddy, raised the club, and slammed it into Roddy's face. For Roddy, everything went black. When Roddy woke up, he was tied to a pole. Spike and Whitey stood before him. \"We're going to retain you,\" said Spike, \"until the boss says otherwise, then we will do away with you. Your woman is now with Moboss, and if she doesn't do as he says, she'll be at the mercy of the rapids.\" Whitey drew back his fist, \"This is for the beating,\" he said, but Spike held it back, \"Don't,\" he said, \"if our prisoner is hurt, or otherwise not well, the boss will make mincemeat out of us.\" That gave Roddy an idea. He had learned a trick to raise his body temperature to fool Rita and not have to go to fight training. It never fooled Rita, but she did say it was convincing. It wouldn't hurt to try it here. Roddy began to raise his temperature. \"Hey,\" he called To Spike and Whitey, who had their backs turned, \"I'm not feeling very good.\" They looked at each other, \"If he's got a germ,\" said Spike, \"we'll get ten times worse of punishment.\" Spike put a hand on Roddy's forehead, and it stung his hand. \"He's running a fever,\" said Spike. Roddy smirked when they weren't looking, they fell for it. When they untied him, he dove into Spike, and slammed him into Whitey so hard, it knocked them both out. Roddy fled the area, and found he was right over the Jammy Dodger. He jumped into it, praying he could get it to the rapids in time. At first, he went really slowly, but soon he found out how to use it right. Roddy was a fast learner. Soon, he parked the boat just outside the rapids, and went on a building above a set of voices. \"Rita, my little rice cake,\" said the voice of Moboss, \"cooperate, and you will go free, I will even send Roddy your way.\" \"You're yanking my chain,\" said Rita, \"I know you gangsters; you don't live up to your promises.\" Moboss turned to face the rapids. This was Roddy's chance. He dove off of the building he was on, and planted his fist into Moboss's back. Moboss yelled in pain, as both he and Rita were surprised to see Roddy. Roddy and Moboss came into a knockdown, drag out fight. For a while, it seemed Roddy had the upper hand. But Moboss found his second wind. Roddy lay motionless in front of Moboss. \"You put up a good fight,\" taunted the gangster, \"but it's over for you.\" He turned to face the rapids again. \"You really thought you could beat me? Don't make me laugh. You couldn't hurt a fly, even with that little sword of yours.\" Little did Moboss know, he fell into Roddy's trap. Roddy got up quickly and trip kicked Moboss, and he fell into the rapids. He shot away, \"I'LL BE BACK!\" He yelled over the roar of rushing water. Roddy came to Rita, and undid her bonds. She threw her arms around him. \"Roddy,\" she said, \"I am so proud of you.\" The pair put their lips together for a passionate kiss. ","Summary":" 1. A Chat Roddy and Rita walked along the docks of Ratstropolis, talking as they went, \"Trust me, "},{"Movie":"Flushed Away","Title":"The Grand Reopening","Author":"Bkipper","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5818740","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Chapter One- A New Day \"Is this the glorious amphibian dawn, dad?\" \"Anything for you, my little man. \" It had been fifteen years since those words had come close to fruition, fifteen years since the floodgates had been opened and almost unleashed devastation onto Ratropolis. Fifteen years since two unlikely heroes had teamed up forever. Fifteen years since the almost victory for a toad. But soon, so very soon, his rule would rise again to complete the dream that had eluded the Great Great Toad those many years ago. ---- Truly, a new dawn had come upon Ratropolis since the Floodgate incident. Mobsters had fleetingly come and gone, each less terrifying and cunning than the previous. Safety measures had been set up so thoroughly that no one would even dream of flooding the whole city again. The tiny community flourished with business and opportunity, never ceasing to provide help to even the lowest of individuals. And to those who needed help, they turned to the old heroes of the city: Roddy and Rita St. James... Rita snapped her short ponytail tight, the rubber band wound against her clay red hair. A light smell of breakfast laced about the air, whispering long eaten tales of eggs and toast. \"Save anything for me?\" She rounded the corner, meeting Roddy, who just placed the final washed dish into the cupboard. \"Ah, good morning to you too.\" He smiled. \"That wasn't what I asked, Helen Keller, but alright.\" Sitting at the table, she noticed a few pieces of toast left. \"Ruthie eat all the eggs now?\" Roddy laughed, letting Rita claim the final ounces of breakfast. \"She takes after her mother.\" He plopped into the chair across from her, earning a grin from his comments. \"Mum!\" A voice rung through the walls of the house, vibrating against the thin wood. \"MUM!!\" Roddy rushed to the stairs, but Rita took her sweet ole' time, holding a piece of toast in her hand. \"Wut!?\" Rita called back, \"I'm right down the stairs...\" The tiny rat slid down the banister, Roddy holding his breath as she prepared for dismount. Landing perfectly at the end of the stairs, she grinned to her mother. \"I just wanted to be ready when you left. I got things to do.\" The brunette let Rita ruffle the top of her hair, her mother finishing the toast in her hand. \"Ruthie, you gonna get yourself killed comin' down the stairs like that.\" Rita said after catching Roddy's previous heart attack. \"So keep practicin'.\" Roddy frowned as Ruthie beamed. \"Before Ruthie attempts to break her leg again ,\" Roddy put in, Ruthie sheepishly remembering her fall two summers back, \"We should make sure we have everything on board.\" \"Oh really?\" Rita crossed her arms and coked an eyebrow, \"Coming from the rat who forget our maps three weeks ago and nearly led us down another water treatment plant?\" \"That wasn't my fault, captain.\" Ruthie smirked as her dad floundered for a smart answer.\"You're supposed to know these drains.\" \"I do. But unfortunately, I need a first mate who does too. Maybe Ruthie could apply for your job.\" Rita nodded her head to the eleven year old, who giggled. Roddy sighed, throwing up his hands in defeat. \"Come on mum, I wanna git a move on!\" Ruthie already bounded out the door, leaping over the porch railing to the docks. \"The Dundee can't wait forever!\" \"The Dundee can't wait, or you?\" Roddy added, Ruthie rolling her eyes at him. \"Just be back for supper. You know how your dad gets when you're late.\" Rita hopped onto the Jammy Dodger II , shooting her husband a wry smirk. The brown haired rat huffed in good nature. \"I just want her to be grateful I actually make something. But I'll be buggered if I ever make rice again.\" He said, the two sharing an old joke that was long lost to their daughter. \"Alright, mum! Bye, dad!\" Ruthie waved from the deck of her small boat as the Jammy chugged off through the olive green water, sun from storm drains above making the old red paint gleam. \"Don't go to the north side, Ruthie!\" Rita once again warned, her green eyes set on her daughter who had mouthed the repeated phrase. \"I know!\" Ruthie called back, hands hooked on her brown belt. \"I swear Rita,\" Roddy commented as the Jammy turned around the brick lined corner, watching Ruthie disappear. \"She acts more and more like you every day.\" \"Come on Roddy...\" Rita rolled her head back in disbelief, sliding her hands from the top of the steering wheel. \"She looks just like you.\" He joined her in the sunny cockpit. \"How? I can't see through the inherited sass.\" Roddy smirked. \"It's been so long...\" He drummed his long fingers together, the slimy digits tinted in the firelight. \"Too long.\" \"Almost fifteen years in the making, right?\" She figured, standing beside the half broken red chair. \"It's quite a good thing we never forgot this place, huh?\" Another male joined them with a wry smile, handing the female a map. \"How could we...\" Her bitter sigh echoed into the storage house, the three's shadows rearing back on the grey walls. \"We won't live here much longer, I can guarantee that.\" The first male rose from the chair, then snuffed out the fire for the last time. \"Our era will rise, dear sister, just when another falls.\" \"A new dawn.\" Said the second male, turning to the peak of sun in a distant drain. ----------------- This chapter is far too short, I do realize: forgive me. EVERY chapter afterwards will be much, much longer, but somehow first chapters are downright impossible. Ah well, we're over this obstacle now! R&R; please...[Chapter 2] Part of this chapter references one of Firefall Bangenthump's amazing Change of Scene chronicles. If you haven't read them, MAKE TIME. Seriously... Their stories are wicked :D --- Chapter Two- Wilton Ruthie sailed along the river, stretching her arms behind her head as she soaked in a stray beam of sunlight. The Dundee 's engine gurgled in the curdling water, but the young rat could cherish no better sound. So enwrapped in her own boat, she failed to note that the Dundee sailed into the outer rim of the city, sidewalks breaking from the tunnels and lush plants draping about the sun baked walls. She also failed to note the group of girls that now sauntered along the sidewalk parallel to the Dundee , the blonde beauty at the front already snickering. \"Hello, Ruthie!\" The girl hollered, Ruthie jumping in her cockpit and bring her face to the beaming group of London Established rats. Forcing herself to smile, Ruthie placed two hands on the steering wheel and smiled back. \"'ello, Margo.\" Ruthie reached for the throttle, but Margo was already calling out for her again. \"Oh, oh ask her about...\" One of Margo's friends hissed into her ear. The red head giggled when Margo nodded and swatted her away. \"Oh Ruthie! are you coming to my father's gala tonight with your family?\" Ruthie groaned inwardly, hating these types of questions: Miss Priss already knew the answer, Ruthie's father sending back the RSVP weeks ago. \"I might...Are you going to be there?\" Ruthie replied sweetly, one hand hovering over the throttle. \"Of course! It's my father's gala, remember, Ganga?\" Her friends vainly swallowed their giggles from the mention of Ruthie's nickname. It did nothing to deter Ruthie of her prepared answer, though. \"Hm. Well then I better change my plans.\" Ruthie slammed on the throttle before the girls could flounder for another answer, but the St. James child caught the arrogant smirk on Margo's face before doing so. -------- \"Where we off to today?\" Roddy asked. \"Dun know. Just thought we'd wander 'round.\" Came Rita from down below, Roddy twisting his head about from the steering wheel of the Jammy Dodger II . \"We do have to get home early, right? So why bother sailing all the way out to Morocco if we just have to get back quicker?\" \"It'd be nice to take Ruthie there someday.\" Roddy added, Rita surfacing from the hull. \"I mean, we had a great time.\" He handed the steering wheel off to her, Rita giving his nose an affectionate flick. \"Yeah, aside from the kidnapping and mafia fight.\" She grabbed the steering wheel, laughing to herself. \"What do we have to go home early for Rita?\" Roddy reeled in a float Rita had let stray in the pale sewer water. \"You don't remember?\" Rita steered the Jammy away from a speeding boat, Roddy crying out as a wave sloshed over him, the float he was attempting to reel in flying onto the deck. \"Well, at least someone's bringing in those floats.\" Grabbing for a rag, Roddy wiped the water from his face, his brown hair falling messily over his face. Joining Rita at the wheel, he waited for her answer. \"We're going to that gala tonight.\" Rita answered, Roddy slapping his forehead with his palm. \"Oh of course, of course... How could I forget? Did you get Ruthie a dress yet?\" Rita smirked at the red impression he'd left on his forehead, and answered: \"Yeah. She didn't want one, but...\" \"Once again, Rita, your genes come shining through.\" Roddy teased, laughing even after she threw the already drenched rag back at his face. \"At least that's where she gets her backbone from, Millicent.\" ------ Noon had come and gone, the sun high in the sky above the sewer drains that let the flecks of light down below. A small engine rumbled down the waterways, Ruthie humming as her boat slid through the sewers. Chugging up to her house, Ruthie noticed that the Jammy wasn't there. She groaned. \"Great, no lunch for me then...\" Tying up the Dundee to the dock, she hopped off to her porch, hoping that her mum and dad couldn't be too far behind. Then again, she usually brought a little something to eat when tromping off through the sewers for the day. She leaned against the house, idly fixing the cuff of her purple shirt. Huddling in the shadow of the porch, she watched a neighbor's tugboat huff down the river, the rat waving to her as he made his way to the city. Once the boat had passed, Ruthie's ears rung in silence, hearing nothing but the sloshing of the water below. Suddenly, the patter of nervous feet on wood made her ears prick. Pushing off the house, Ruthie noticed a lone rat walking down her dock. Wary, she watched the rat look around for anyone behind him. Luckily, the shadow the porch cast enshrouded her from his view. He then hurried to her boat, looking over the vessel with interest. Placing a hand on the side of the Dundee, the stranger smiled.Ruthie's anger reared its ugly head. \"OI! Git away from me boat!!\" Ruthie hollered across the dock, the tiny person scampering from the Dundee. But she wasn't about to let whoever they were get far, that wasn't her way. Leaping over the gap between her porch and the dock, her boots clanked against the thin boards as she easily caught up to the assumed burglar. Hurling herself forward, she knocked the boy off his feet and face down onto the dock. \"Wat do you think your doin'?!\" The green eyed rat demanded, sitting on the intruder's back. \"Well?\" Hands on her hips, she waited for a response. \"I'm-I'm sorry!\" The boy beneath her cried. \"I just wanted to see the boat everyone's been talkin' about.\" He shielded his dirty blonde head with his hands, proving that he hadn't taken anything. \"Everyone's been talkin' 'bout the Dundee ?\" Ruthie gawked down at her prisoner. He shook his head into the boards, afraid to look up at her. \"What boat did you think this was?\" \"The-The Jammy Dodger ! Somethin' about it belongin' to the hero's of the city..\" The poor rat boy explained, cringing when she leaned down over his head. \"The heroes? Roddy and Rita?\" The St. James daughter asked, and he feebly nodded to the ground again. \"Oi...\" She sighed, pushed her short hair behind her shoulder, and got up. The boy yelped and attempted to run, but she grabbed the back of his shirt. \"Don't run. I'm not gonna hurt you.\" \"How do I know that? You already broke my face.\" The boy turned to look at her, but she didn't see anything wrong. \"I'm pretty sure there's nothing' left to break.\" She joked, grinning in good nature. He gave an odd smile, but relaxed enough for her to release her hold on his collar. \"Who are you, anyway?\" \"Wilton... W-Wilton Dunham.\" Wilton stuttered. He shifted his weight and for a moment Ruthie thought he was going to run again. But he didn't, simply fiddling with the bottom of his grey shirt, which looked a bit torn at the bottom. \"Ruthie St. James.\" She launched out her hand to shake, but he shied away from it with a quick noise of fright. \"I'm not gonna hit'cha.\" The brunette rolled her head in exasperation, giving up on the handshake. \"I'm sorry, I just-\" \"'s alright...\" Ruthie shrugged, smiling. \"Where you from? I haven't seen you around here.\" \"Cheshire... Long way from here.\" Wilton said, jerking his thumb over his shoulder. \"I just moved here a week ago with me mum and siblin's.\" \"You got brothers? Or sisters?\" Ruthie asked, eyes alight. Wilton hesitated, but answered. \"Both. I got a brother; Aaron, and a little sister named Bindy.. Well Bridget, but she wants to be called Bindy all the time.\" Wilton watched her lean against one of the dock's posts, such a wide smile blooming on her face that he got a tad concerned. \"And you?\" Her smile faltered. \"Nope. Nothin'. I'm an only child.\" Ruthie flicked a rock off the post she was leaning on. \"Oh. That's too bad.\" He offered, hands shoved into his pockets. The water sloshed beneath the dock, the two standing in unsure silence. \"Well, um, I guess I'll go...It was nice to meet you.\" Wilton turned to leave, flicking his tail nervously. \"You got somewhere to be?\" Ruthie asked, pushing off the post and shifting her weight onto one foot. \"Uh... not really.\" The rat boy scratched his head, not really certain himself. \"You wanna go for a ride?\" Ruthie tossed her thumb over her shoulder to the Dundee , hooking a hand onto her belt. \"I got nothing to do.\" \"Me too.\" Wilton said, smiling. \"Well...\" He stopped for a second, Ruthie slumping. \"Eh, forget it. Let's go!\" Soon, the Dundee puffed off the dock, Ruthie overjoyed to share her boat deck with a friend once more. Wilton's voice drifted around the corner as they left the house behind. \"So, your mom and dad saved the city?\" ------ ","Summary":" Chapter One- A New Day \"Is this the glorious amphibian dawn, dad?\" \"Anything for you, my little "},{"Movie":"Flushed Away","Title":"Flushed Away 2: A Diamond in the Rough","Author":"thundra501","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5864610","Passage":"[Chapter 1] It has almost been a year since I was flushed away and yet it only feels like a week. Don't get me wrong, I love it here. It just that I can't get over my past pain and that is something I have been hiding for quite a while now. My little sister Juliet was bought first by a rich looking guy. He looked like royalty or a noble, I couldn't really tell but it hurt to hear that I was not going to see her again. Well I am going to tell Rita since she has noticed me hiding something from her. I know she will never love me anyway since she is in love with some guy named Bruce Hawkins. I am not going to let that hurt my friendship with Rita, but he is the jealous type. Well let's see what happens now. Normal POV A beautiful young rat was sneaking about The Toad's lair. She was around 20 years of age and she was stealing a bright blue gem. The gem had a rare gift to show you the past, present and future. She knew The Toad's scheme before she lost it to him on purpose. She was not going to let that idiot hurt her long lost brother. \"Soon Rodders, we will be together. You'll see big brother, I won't disappoint you.\" Juliet said to herself She took the gem and ran off into the night. Silently praying that her brother was still alive. Rita was waiting for Roddy to tell her what was bothering him. She had a feeling it had to do with what Bruce said to him in front of her. She still wasn't talking to him because of it. She can't believe Bruce would treat her like a prize and stoop so low to insult Roddy. She wasn't going to let Bruce tear apart a friendship so grand. He finally shows up to Rita looking as if he didn't sleep again. \"What's wrong Roddy? Is it because of what Bruce said? You just haven't been yourself, Rodders, and I'm worried sick.\" She said causing him to smile a bit \"You remember how I told I had a family. Well, I only have a little sister now and we were separated at a very young age. I think she is alive but I may be wrong. I hate not knowing, Rita! It's hurt to not know what happened to her.\" He replied completely breaking down in front of her \"It's going to be ok Roddy. You know you're my first mate, and I should have not let my guard down with Bruce. He won't bother us anymore because I am not going to talk to that incompetent fool.\" She replied hugging him close \"Hello, I'm looking for Roddy St. James. Have you seen him, I'm his little sister.\" A young blond rat asked \"Juliet, is that you?\" Roddy asked shocked Me: I don't own any of the Flushed Away cast members except Juliet Juliet:Read and review please Roddy: Stayed tuned for Chapter 2 Rita: Thank you for reading Me: Thanks for your reviews What will happened next? Will The Toad hunt Juliet? Read and Find out[Chapter 2] Roddy was so shocked to see his own sister alive and well that he ran to her and hugged her like there was no tomorrow. He was so happy that he could have shouted his joy for all of underground London to hear. He was crying tears of joy and said: \"You don't know how wonderful it is to see you again. I thought I lost you.\" Through his tears \"Easy on the shirt bro. I stole this from The Toad and I need to find the other four. Who is your girlfriend?\" Juliet asked smiling \"She is not my girlfriend, Juliet. She is my best friend and captain of the Jammy Dodger II, her name is Rita Malone.\" Roddy replied somewhat in a sad tone Rita caught the tone and couldn't help but say: \"So what happened after your separation? How did you know where to look for him?\" \"Well a lot has happened such as a jealous toad try to flush me out the palace in Arabia. Prince Charles travels a lot and we were all on vacation when it happened. I learned how to fight and our family history turns out our family has a lot of military history. Our dad is still alive and so is mum with your twin brother. This gem has a special gift that showed me everything, go on take it.\" She replied giving Roddy the gem. He takes the gem with caution, however the very second he touched the gem he saw his whole past play out before him. 'The night had been a dark and stormy one. A young rat with a young woman was hiding in a cave with a young boy. They looked as if they were scared and the poor lad had been crying. The young female states: \"He may need to live as a pet to avoid General Hawkins. I won't be able to see him grow up or find his first love.\" \"You may be right love but what of the other children? We can't place them all in the same shop; they will be easy to spot. I want Roderick to grow a strong young man with a lot of courage.\" The male replied in a sad tone' He was pull out of the flash back and looked at Juliet for an answer. She knew what he wanted to know and said: \"General Hawkins is Bruce Hawkins' father. You are the oldest in the family and the closest to a sailor in the family. Not my first choice of words to say to a long-lost family member but I guessed I have no choice. I was raised by a gypsy named Amora and learned a lot on how to steal so I stole the gem after I found out the Toad scheme and it is not easy to ruin this time.\" She replied causing Rita to ask: \"What is the scheme, Juliet?\" Me: Thats all for now Juliet: Thundra does not own any Flushed Away characters Roddy: Read and review please What is The Toad's scheme and can Rita and Roddy stop him? Read and Find out![Chapter 3] When Juliet finished telling them how the scheme was to separate them and kill them so The Toad could flushed the city away like before, they were not surprised. In fact this scheme was exactly what they expected the Toad to use but it doesn't mean they are not worried. \"So you are telling us that we are targets in his stupid scheme?\" Rita asked in a calm and mocking tone \"Believe me that at first I thought the stone was joking until it showed Bruce telling Roddy that he is no good for you. I knew what to do which was give the stone and steal it back. However Roddy needs to know how to fight to stop him.\" Juliet replied serious \"Well in that case, what are we still standing around here for? Let's get out of here!\" Roddy replied eager to learn how to fight \"I second that notion.\" Rita replied jumping on the Jammy Dodger along with Juliet and Roddy Bruce on the other wanted Rita to agree with because Roddy was a posh pet. He told Roddy those things to persuade him to leave the sewers so he can get Rita to be his. Little did he know that Rita had slowly been falling in love with Roddy with each passing day. He thought he was the most charming lad in all the lands and that he can have any girl he wants; but ever since Roddy was flushed here, he couldn't even get a single date. Roddy was the hero while Bruce was the zero and Bruce didn't like to be a zero. He was on his way to sweet talk Rita when he saw a huge boat sail. He figured he could sweet talk her with a new ride. He felt that he just had to have Rita in love with him and she wasn't having any of it. While he was shopping for a new boat, Roddy was training. \"The first thing is balance. You must keep your balance in order to fight. You however lost your memory of ever fighting so I have kept your medallion for such and occasion.\" Juliet said putting a medallion around his neck That's when Roddy got his full memories back and shook his head violently. He smirked and said: \"Ready for training sis.\" Rita was amazed by how that medallion brought back his memories and how it helps keep them with him. Then a song comes on and he starts singing: \" Yo Yo Yo Yo Yo Yo Yo Yo Yo Hey lets go Yo Yo Yo Yo Yo Yo Yo Yo Yo Nobody gonna wanna get next to me Cause they know (they know) I'll take this one I won't let it go Doesn't matter how you approach the scene Just go (just go) You're everything you want when you hit the door I dare you to challenge me You'll be begging for mercy please Just watch! I'll give you something to follow Cause I have been waiting so patiently (to the left) To let the fire come out of me I fought you up again, I'm just letting you know\" At this point Roddy and Juliet fought to the rhythm of the song and sang it at the same time. Roddy was actually starting to have fire dance around him causing Rita to see Roddy under a different light. \"I keep giving you fire I'm a heat it up Under my control Here's the night you've been waiting on Fire I'm a light it up Gotta make it hot This stage is mine So set it up A genius knowing no one can take this crown It's so great (so great) They can cool me off when I hit the stage Burning hot, the spotlight has spelt my name I feel famous (famous) The crowd cheers me on I can't get enough I dare you to challenge me You'll be begging for mercy please Just watch! I'll give you something to follow Cause I have been waiting so patiently (to the left) To let the fire come out of me I fought you up again, I'm just letting you know I keep giving you fire I'm a heat it up Under my control Here's the night you've been waiting on Fire I'm a light it up Gotta make it hot This stage is mine I keep giving you fire I'm a heat it up Under my control Here's the night you've been waiting on Fire I'm a light it up Gotta make it hot This stage is mine Let's set it up Yo Yo Yo Yo Yo Yo Yo Yo Yo Yo Yo Yo Yo Yo Yo Yo Yo Yo Yo Yo Yo Yo Yo Yo Yo Yo Yo I keep giving you fire I'm a heat it up Under my control Here's the night you've been waiting on Fire I'm a light it up Gotta make it hot This stage is mine I keep giving you fire I'm a heat it up Under my control Here's the night you've been waiting on Fire I'm a light it up Gotta make it hot This stage is mine Let's set it up Fire!\" Throughout the whole song both Roddy and Juliet singing and fighting. The fire danced dangerously close to them causing Rita to say: \"When can I start training?\" Me: That's a wrap Rita: Review Roddy: Thundra does not own Flushed Away ","Summary":" It has almost been a year since I was flushed away and yet it only feels like a week. Don't get me "},{"Movie":"Center Stage","Title":"Danse ta vie 2","Author":"Fan-de-Sciences-Fictions","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11985756","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Chapitre 1 : Retrouvaille avec Antonio Rodriguez PDV Kate Je venais de passer plusieurs heures à chercher une école de danse de ballet qui accepterait de me prendre dans leur école mais malheureusement pour moi, c'était soit trop tard pour les inscriptions, soit ils leur fallaient mon C.V avec lettre de recommandation et une vidéo de moi en train de danser, ce qui pour moi était chose impossible à leur donner étant donner que je n'avais jamais été dans une école de danse, j'ai dû apprendre toute seule bien que ma mère m'aidait quand t-elle était encore de ce monde. Après avoir visité plusieurs écoles, je retourna à l'American Ballet Academy pour leur demander pourquoi je n'avais pas été acceptée, mais on ne pu me donner de réponse après sa je discuta avec un élève qui avait été accepté l'academie après les auditions d'aujourd'hui. Puis je quitta l'établissement où je marcha un moment en repassant d'anciens souvenirs plutôt agréables pour me remonter le moral. J'ai eu autrefois la chance de pouvoir devenir une danseuse de ballet classique en intégrant l'une des meilleures académies de New-York seulment mon père avait refusé et ma mère n'étant plus de ce monde à ce moment là n'avait pas pu aller contre l'avis de mon père. Mais...Maintenant que j'y pense mon mentor était actuellement à New-York je pouvais toujours aller le voir dans son académie, et voir si il pouvait me prendre dans son école ou bien travailler pour lui dans les deux cas je serai contente. Je me dirigea donc vers son académie avec ma voiture que je récupéra à la place de stationnement du parking à quelques rues de l'école que je venais de visiter. Il me fallut près d'une demie heure pour arriver à l'école de mon mentor, je me gara rapidement dans le parking réservé aux élèves et visiteurs possédant un badge d'entrée, qui se situait au sous-sol de l'académie. Après avoir insérer mon badge à l'entrée du parking, je me gara rapidement et me dirigea vers l'ascenseur et appuia sur le bouton du premier étage où j'espérais trouver mon mentor Antonio, et par chance au moment où je sortis de l'ascenseur et tourner à droite je le rencontra. - ANTONIO, crie-je heureuse de le revoir, comment vas tu ? Lui demande-je avant de le prendre dans mes bras étreinte qu'il me rendit. - très bien merci et toi Kate ? Me répondit-il avec le sourire avant de prendre de mes nouvelles et d'enchainer les questions. Que fais-tu ici à New-York ? Me demanda t-il aimablement - maintenant que je suis majeure, je suis libre de faire ce que je veux alors je me suis inscrite pour les auditions à l'American Ballet Academy mais j'ai été recalée, du coup je recherche une nouvelle école de danse pour pouvoir continuer d'apprendre, lui explique-je - je vois, écoute pour se semestre nous prennons plus d'élèves mais tu peux travailler ici en tant que mon assistante, et à la fin des cours je t'enseignerai deux trois petites choses pour que tu sois à ton meilleur niveau, et je te prends comme remplacante également pour le premier rôle lorsqu'on fera des spectacles,me dit-il. D'ailleurs pourquoi n'as tu pas postulé ici en premier lieu ? Me demanda t-il curieux - oh mais je l'ai fait seulement on m'a dit non, apparemment étant donné que je ne viens pas d'une famille riche fait que je ne soit pas intéressante entre guillemets, lui explique-je - pardon ? S'exclama t-il outré - l'une des membres du jury m'aurait expliqué en apparté qu'il restait seulement une place entre trois candidates, l'une aurait été éliminée d'office car elle ne correspondait pas physiquement au caractéristique d'une ballerine, ce qui fait qu'il restait moi et une autre candidate et c'est celle-ci que le directeur a choisi car elle vient d'une famille riche et que du coup sa \"présence\" apportera de l'argent à ton école, tandis que moi si j'avais été acceptée il m'aurait fallu une bourse, lui explique-je - c'est scandaleux ! S'exclama t-il en colère. C'est du grand n'importe quoi et comment se fait-il que je n'était pas là ? Demanda t-il toujours en colère - tu étais en voyage avec d'autres danseurs pour présenter votre dernier ballet quand les auditions ont eu lieu, et qu'ils ont refusé ma candidature, lui dis-je calmement en essayant de le calmer par la même occasion - je vois, dit-il en se calmant un peu, bien puisque que c'est comme ça d'habitude nous le faisons pas mais là on ferra une exception et si ils ne sont pas contents tant pis pour eux, on va t'inscrire en cadidat libre tu participeras ainsi aux cours et je serai ton partenaire de danse durant tout le semestre, dit-il complètement calme désormais et avec un sourire malicieux et les yeux qui brillaient - tu...tu es sérieux ? Demande-je abasourdis - bien sûr que je suis sérieux Kate tu es ma pupille, me dit-il en souriant largement, les cours commenceront à 8h précise après tu as la pause de midi de trois quart d'heure puis les cours reprendront jusqu'à 17h00/17h30 sauf le jeudi et vendredi où les cours finiront vers 15h30/16h00, me renseigna t-il - ok et les week-end il y a cours ou pas ? Demande-je - oui il y a cours de 9h00 à 13h00 non stop après tu as une pause d'une heure ensuite les cours reprennent jusqu'à 18h00/18h15. - je vois c'est un programme chargé mais sa marche pour moi, lui dis-je en lui serrant la main en guise d'accord. - super ! On commence les cours dans deux jours, me dit mon mentor - ok alors à dans deux jours Antonio, lui dis-je en lui faisant une bise sur la joue. Puis je partis prendre l'ascenseur et de prendre ma voiture pour sortir du parking et je me dirigea ensuite vers la boîte de nuit nommée la \"Fonderie\" dont j'avais vu les prospectus dans le sac de l'élève avec qui j'avais discuté plus tôt. Je le rencontra d'ailleurs près du bar et nous fîmes les présentations après avoir chipé sa bière il en commanda une autre pour lui et nous allâmes nous asseoir sur les petits fauteuils mit à notre disposition nous discutâmes pendant encore quelques secondes avant que j'aille danser sur la piste et demander au DG de mettre une musique un peu plus dansant pour montrer à l'amie de Tommy car c'est ainsi qu'il s'appelle, de quoi je suis capable. Et je mis le feu sur la piste de danse deux minutes plus tard quand la musique s'arrêta tout les clients m'applaudirent, je les salua rapidement et je me dirigea ensuite vers Tommy pour lui demander son avis. - alors tu en as pensé quoi ? Lui demande-je - tu as été incroyable, me dit-il, je ne pense pas qu'il existe des filles à l'académie capable de bouger comme tu l'as fait, me dit-il impressionné - c'est sans doute pour sa que j'ai été récalée, lui dis-je amère - non tu crois ? Me demanda t-il surpris - alors toi tu es impressionnante, me dit un homme en se dirigeant vers nous avant de s'asseoir en face de nous - Kate je te présente mon ami Sale, le patron de la boîte, me dit Tommy - écoute je ne sais pas ce qui t'a amené ici mais c'est bien que tu sois venue, me dit Sale, où est-ce que t'a appris à danser comme sa ? Me demanda t-il impressionné Je lui souris en réponse. - j'aurai bien besoin de ton énergie ici, tu commence demain, me dit-il - c'est sérieux et je ferais quoi ? Demande-je surprise et heureuse à la fois - on vient d'ouvrir tu feras tout, me répondit-il - d'accord sa marche, lui dis-je - super sa commence à 18h00, me dit-il en se levant - d'accord mais le week-end je pourrais commencer à 19h00 car le week-end je ne peux pas me libérer avant 18h00/18h15, lui demande-je - bien sûr pas de problème, me dit-il - super merci, lui dis-je - pas de quoi, me répondit-il avant de partir. C'est sur cette bonne note que la soirée se termina pour moi, je comptais bien demain matin me reposer un peu et visiter ensuite la ville jusqu'à 17h30/18h00. ","Summary":" Chapitre 1 : Retrouvaille avec Antonio Rodriguez PDV Kate Je venais de passer plusieurs heures à ch"},{"Movie":"Center Stage","Title":"Bis repetita","Author":"MadMeary","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12190456","Passage":"[Chapter 1] One-shot qui aurait dû être posté fin septembre mais qui a été reporté suite à des petits problèmes informatiques. Je change un peu de domaine d'écriture, mais rien ne m'appartient. Bis repetita... Cela n'aurait dû être que le coup d'un soir, une simple nuit de plaisir comme il les collectionnait depuis que Kathleen l'avait quitté. Seulement, Jody, dans sa grande naïveté, n'avait pas compris quelles avaient été les véritables intentions de Cooper, elle avait cru qu'il l'aimait et qu'ils sortaient ensemble. En la voyant entrer dans sa vie, il avait paniqué, il n'avait plus eu de relation sérieuse depuis Kathleen, et elle avait finit par lui dire qu'elle l'avait trompée et qu'elle le quittait pour Jonathan. Comment aurait-il pu vouloir retomber amoureux après une histoire comme celle-ci. Il n'avait pas prévu qu'il éprouverait quelque chose de très fort pour était si différente de son ancienne petite-amie, elle était douce, généreuse, intelligente, sincère, magnifique et elle ne jouait pas de rôle, pas comme Kathleen. Jody était une fille en qui il pouvait avoir confiance, tant sur le point personnel que sur le point professionnel, en plus, elle apprenait vite et comprenait très rapidement ce qu'il attendait d'elle pour son ballet. Contrairement à ce que pensait Jonathan, elle avait du talent, Cooper l'avait remarqué au cours de jazz auquel elle avait participé en secret. Elle avait de l'énergie, le sourire, elle vibrait, et il était persuadé qu'elle avait sa place sur scène dans le rôle principal. Le grand moment arriva, Cooper était à la fois excité et nerveux, c'était son grand soir, celui où le monde entier verrait qu'il était un meilleur chorégraphe que Jonathan. Il espérait que tout allait bien se dérouler et que sa vedette, Jody allait assurer. Il n'en doutait pas, pas après l'avoir vu bouger avec autant d'élégance pendant le cours de jazz, pas après l'avoir vu donner tout ce qu'elle avait lors des répétitions. Il avait pleinement confiance en elle, et il était impatient de danser avec elle, de partager ce moment capital avec la petite blonde. Le seul détail qui le contrariait était de devoir partager l'affiche avec Charlie, entre eux cela n'avait jamais accroché, et cela n'avait fait qu'empirer lorsque Cooper avait fait souffrir Jody. Le brun en avait profité pour se rapprocher d'elle, et pour jouer l'épaule sur laquelle pleurer. Comme il n'avait pas su la séduire à la loyale, il profitait de la fragilité dans laquelle elle se trouvait pour tenter de la conquérir, le blond ne trouvait pas cela très fair-play comme stratégie, mais il avait vécu la même chose avec la seule autre femme qu'il n'ait jamais aimé, alors pourquoi cela le surprenait-il encore ? Peut-être parce qu'il ne pensait pas qu'on allait lui voler celle pour qui il avait des sentiments une seconde fois. Le rideau se leva, la musique débuta, et avec elle leur performance. Même s'il n'aimait pas l'autre principal danseur de sexe masculin, il devait bien admettre, à contrecœur, que Charlie excellait en danse. Il détacha bien vite son attention du jeune homme pour la reporter sur la véritable vedette de ce soir. Jody était rayonnante, et il n'avait jamais vu quelqu'un dégager autant d'énergie sur scène, pas même Kathleen, qui pourtant jouait les classiques à la perfection. La petite blonde exécutait chaque pas comme s'il s'agissait du dernier, leur insufflant grâce, passion, leur donnant tout simplement vie. Jamais lors des répétions elle n'avait bougé ainsi, elle dépassait toutes les partenaires qu'il avait eu jusqu' à présent. Elle était si belle, si envoûtante dans cette chorégraphie qui ressemblait à s'y méprendre à leur histoire deux garçons amoureux de la même fille, et cette pauvre fille perdue au milieu d'eux qui ne perdent jamais une occasion de se provoquer... Le final arriva et Cooper appréhendait, Jody n'avait jamais très bien réussi cette partie, peut-être la plus importante du spectacle. Pourtant, à sa grande surprise, elle enchaîna les pirouettes et dans cette robe rouge elle aurait rendu fou n'importe quel homme hétérosexuel de cette planète. Il ne pouvait détacher ses yeux d'elle, comme la première fois qu'il l'avait vu danser lors du cours de jazz. La salle criait, hurlait le prénom de la jeune femme qui tournait sur elle-même telle une toupie. On aurait dit une danseuse dans une boîte à musique. Elle continua ses rotations, et ne s'arrêta que lorsque le rideau fut descendu. Le reste de la troupe se félicitèrent, se prirent dans les bras, Cooper lui-même tenait les mains de Jody. Cela ne dura malheureusement pas, et bientôt la chaleur et la douceur des paumes de la blonde le quittèrent lorsque Joan Miller, une veuve milliardaire, que Jonathan lui avait présenté lors d'une soirée afin qu'elle donne de l'argent à la compagnie, l'enleva, non sans complimenter Jody et Charlie. Après cela Joan lui posa des questions sur ses projets, et il y répondit franchement lorsqu'il remarqua l'intérêt qu'elle lui portait. Il lui présenta ses idées, ses envies, et notamment celle de transformer le mini ballet qu'il venait de danser en un véritable ballet, beaucoup plus long. Il avait déjà des danseurs, il imaginait déjà les décors et les costumes... Elle finit par lui dire qu'elle allait financer sa compagnie, il n'en revint pas, il allait avoir sa propre compagnie, il en rêvait depuis longtemps. Son rêve allait devenir réalité, il avait de la peine à y croire. Il devait le raconter à quelqu'un, et automatiquement le prénom de Jody lui vint à l'esprit. Il ne mit pas longtemps à la retrouver en train de se démaquiller. La femme fatale aux mèches rouges qu'il avait quitté il y avait quelques instants avait laissé sa place à une jeune femme au naturelle, et aux cheveux blonds bouclés, tout aussi belle que la danseuse qu'elle avait été sur scène. « Je viens de parler avec Joan Miller, et elle a tellement adoré le ballet qu'elle a décidé de financer ma compagnie, tu te rends compte je vais avoir ma propre compagnie, s'exclama-t-il n'en revenant toujours pas. Au vu de la manière dont il l'avait traité ces derniers jours elle aurait été en droit de l'envoyer promener, mais elle n'en fit rien. - Tu rigoles ?, lui demanda-t-elle étonnée, - Non, répondit-il - Félicitations, lui dit-elle un immense sourire sur le visage Elle s'apprêtait à l'enlacer, mais se souvint qu'ils n'étaient plus ensemble, et que ce geste pourrait paraître étrange, alors elle ramena ses bras vers elle. Elle était si adorable, si gentille avec lui alors qu'il ne le méritait pas le moins du monde. Elle le rendait heureux, et créatif, ce qui ne lui était jamais autant arrivé auparavant, pas même avec son ancienne petite-amie. Il voulait être avec elle à tous les points de vue, être son chorégraphe et son amoureux. Il devait tenter sa chance, c'était maintenant ou jamais. - Tu dois venir dans ma compagnie, tu en seras l'unique star, on sera bien ensemble, toi et moi, lui dit-il sincèrement Elle ne su quoi répondre, elle avait peur d'avoir mal compris, de rêver les yeux ouverts. Elle et lui, ensemble, à danser, c'était incroyable et elle faillit lui dire oui, mais les souvenirs de leur dernière rencontre lui revint en mémoire, et la poussa à se taire. - Tu es sûr que c'est moi que tu veux, je ne suis pas elle, chuchota-t-elle en osant à peine le regarder dans les yeux. Elle, mais ç à qui faisait-elle référence, ce pronom pouvait décrire n'importe qui Maureen, Eva, Juliette, ou... - Kathleen, précisa-t-elle Évidement il aurait dû s'en douter, même à présent qu'ils étaient séparés elle venait encore se mettre en travers de son chemin. - Je le sais, vous êtes incomparables toutes les deux, vous évoluez dans deux univers totalement différents, - Comme tu ne peux plus l'avoir elle, tu te rabats sur moi, supposa-t-elle - Non, c'est toi que je veux, uniquement toi, oublie la, elle fait partie du passé, c'est de l'histoire ancienne pour moi, déclara-t-il Elle, Jody avait du mal à y croire, elle s'était déjà faite avoir par ce beau blond et ses mensonges, c'était à cause de cela qu'elle s'était retrouvée dans son lit. Il lui prit les mains, ramenant l'attention de la jeune femme sur lui, son offre était si tentante, mais elle redoutait qu'un jour il ne se lasse et ne la licencie. C'était un risque non négligeable qu'elle devait prendre en compte, que lui arriverait-elle si elle se retrouvait sans compagnie ? Par les temps qui couraient il n'était pas évident d'être engagé mais refuser une proposition comme celle de Cooper ne se refusait pas, surtout si elle en était la vedette principale, c'était inespéré comme début de carrière. - Écoute je sais que je ne me suis pas bien conduit avec toi, et tu as le droit de m'en vouloir, je le comprends tout à fait, mais je tiens à toi, et je suis sincère lorsque je te dis que je veux être avec toi, reprit-il - Jusqu' à ce que tu sois séduit par une autre sirène, dit-elle durement Elle s'en voulait d'avoir prononcé ces paroles à voix haute mais n'avait pu se retenir, la chaleur de leurs mains lui rappelant une nuit qui parfois lui semblait trop merveilleuse pour avoir existé ailleurs que dans son imagination. - Cela risque d'être à difficile à croire, mais je ne suis plus cet homme, je ne veux plus être un don Juan, plus depuis que je t'ai rencontré, - C'est pour ça que tu m'as quitté, Puisqu'ils en étaient à se dire les choses franchement autant continuer. Ses reproches étaient légitimes, elle avait cru qu'elle était sa petite-amie et maintenant qu'ils avaient rompu il lui faisait une sorte de déclaration pour lui révéler qu'il tenait à elle, cela avait de quoi se faire se poser des questions. - Plongerais-tu sans hésiter dans l'eau si tu avais failli te noyer la dernière fois que tu avais plongé ?, lui demanda-t-il La métaphore semblait hors-sujet dans leur conversation, ils étaient danseurs et il lui parlait de natation, malgré tout, elle devinait qu'il n'avait pas demandé ça par hasard, elle se décida donc à lui répondre. - J'aurais probablement quelques minutes d'appréhension, je l'admets, mais en fin de compte, si j'aime ça, je réessayerai parce que je ne pourrais pas rester sur un échec. C'est la même chose lorsque je danse, je m'entraîne autant de fois qu'il le faut avant de maîtriser un mouvement, je n'ai pas peur de recommencer encore et encore parce que j'aime ce que je fais, et devoir me dépasser ne m'impressionne pas. Si je devais me blesser gravement en dansant je reprendrais dès que possible parce c'est pour ça que je vis, expliqua-t-elle - Je n'ai pas ton courage, j'ai préféré rester à la surface et noyer les autres, répondit-il tristement. - Ce n'est pas parce que Kathleen avait brisé ton cœur et que tu avais du mal à faire confiance aux femmes que tu devais briser le mien, Même déguisée sous une métaphore elle avait deviné à quoi il faisait référence sa dernière relation sérieuse l'avait profondément blessé alors il s'était mis à collectionner les filles pour être sûr de ne plus souffrir, c'était compréhensible mais pas excusable, pas lorsque Jody ne lui avait donné aucune raison de douter d'elle. - Je sais, je n'aurais pas dû me comporter ainsi, mais c'était le seul moyen de défense que j'ai trouvé pour continuer de profiter de la compagnie des femmes sans en souffrir, ce n'est pas très glorieux j'en suis conscient, mais jusqu' à présent c'était la seule manière de me protéger, tenta-t-il de se défendre. Devant elle il n'y croyait pas lui-même, et il réalisait à quel point il avait mal agis, avec les autres mais surtout avec elle, allant même jusqu'à la rabaisser devant Eric, Charlie, d'autres danseurs et Joan. - Je veux changer, pour de bon, être celui que j'étais avant ma rupture avec Kathleen, cela ne va pas être évident, mais avec toi je pourrais y arriver, - Tu veux dire avec moi dans ta compagnie, supposa-t-elle - Pas uniquement... -Cooper je... » Alors qu'elle allait lui répondre une femme vint l'avertir qu'on l'attendait à l'étage supérieur. Elle avait presque oublié que Jonathan et Juliette devaient lui annoncer si elle était prise dans leur compagnie. Elle retourna la tête vers le blond, ses boucles tombant gracieusement sur ses épaules, lui fit un mince sourire désolé, et suivit la femme. Il la regarda s'éloigner, ne la quittant jamais des yeux, comme si c'était la dernière fois qu'il la voyait. Après la prestation de ce soir il était évident qu'ils allaient l'engager, il n'envisageait pas d'autre scénario. Une fois qu'elle eut disparut il quitta lui aussi les loges et sorti, il avait besoin de prendre l'air. Il fit un petit tour du bâtiment avant de s'arrêter dans la cour extérieure où la plupart des danseurs admis, leur famille et leurs amis étaient réunis. Il rencontra Eric, le danseur qu'il avait remplacé et qui avait toujours sa jambe dans le plâtre et ses béquilles. Il avait appris que celui-ci, malgré sa blessure, allait intégrer la troupe de Jonathan, ce qui prouvait à quel point il était estimé. Eric et lui bavardèrent quelques minutes avant que le jeune danseur ne le félicite pour avoir trouvé une très belle vedette tout en fixant quelque chose derrière Cooper. Il se retourna afin de découvrir de quoi parlait son interlocuteur, il ne comprit que lorsque ses yeux s'arrêtèrent sur une petite blonde qui discutait avec une autre femme. Ses jambes prirent le contrôle de son corps et ne laissèrent le cerveau reprendre la direction que lorsqu'il fut devant elle. « Tu es avec moi ?, lui demanda-t-il - Oui je suis avec toi, confirma-t-elle en souriant Il l'attrapa, la souleva et la fit virevolter dans les airs. Il était heureux, elle l'avait choisi lui, il allait danser avec elle, inventer des ballets pour elle, dans lesquels elle serait la vedette, elle et pas une autre. Il la reposa délicatement s'assurant que ses deux pieds avaient touché le sol avant de la relâcher. Il s'écarta d'elle, lui rendant son sourire qu'elle avait toujours sur les lèvres. - Tu ne vas pas le regretter tu verras, lui assura-t-il Il rapprocha son visage du sien, mais n'eut pas l'occasion de l'embrasser puisqu'elle fit un pas en arrière l'air terriblement gênée. Il l'avait perdu pour toujours, elle acceptait d'être sa danseuse mais cela s'arrêtait là. Elle avait dû donner son cœur à un autre, un garçon brun du nom de Charlie par exemple, qui devait avoir eu la patience de l'attendre et qui avait toujours été gentil avec elle, le parfait petit-ami en sorte. - Tu es sûr que c'est ce que tu désires, être avec moi, et pas uniquement au lit ?, lui demanda-t-elle dans un chuchotement - Oui, si tu veux bien me donner une seconde chance … Ou peut-être pas, peut-être qu'il lui restait un ultime espoir, si elle lui posait cette question c'est qu'elle était encore libre et toujours amoureuse de lui. - Si tu m'embrasses notre relation sera officielle, tu ne pourras revenir en arrière, le prévint-elle » Cela signifiait que tout le monde serait au courant qu'ils étaient ensemble, cela sous-entendait qu'il lui serait fidèle et qu'il ne devrait pas draguer d'autres filles et encore moins aller plus loin avec elles. En contrepartie cela voulait dire qu'elle sortait avec lui et qu'elle lui laissait une autre opportunité de faire les choses bien. Cooper n'hésita pas une seule seconde avant de capturer les lèvres de Jody qui écarquilla les yeux, surprise de son action. Ils entendirent quelques bruits d'étonnements et quelques commentaires plus ou moins sympathiques mais cela ne les fit pas se décoller pour autant. Il fallait que les gens s'y habituent et Cooper Nielson n'était pas un lâche, il aimait la petite blonde et il osait quiconque de s'opposer à cette relation. Lorsqu'ils se séparèrent, il se retint de jeter un coup d'œil vers Charlie afin d'admirer sa réaction, Jody n'aurait probablement pas apprécié qu'il le provoque, et maintenant qu'il l'avait retrouvé il n'allait pas risquer de la perdre simplement pour flatter son ego. Elle par contre, détourna les yeux vers Charlie, et elle pu lire de la tristesse et de la douleur dans ceux du garçon. Le sourire forcé qu'il lui fit n'était qu'une façade pour ne pas la culpabiliser. Cela ne l'empêcha pas de se sentir mal, mais elle ne l'aimait pas comme lui, et il méritait mieux qu'une fille comme elle qui ne lui aurait pas rendu son amour. Il l'oublierait vite, elle en était sûre, le fait de ne plus se voir tous les jours, d'avoir de nombreuses heures de pratique pour leur compagnie respective, l'aiderait, c'était tout ce qu'elle lui souhaitait. Ainsi elle ne lui donnait pas de faux-espoirs, ne lui demandait pas de l'attendre. Elle sortit de ses pensées lorsqu'elle entendit qu'on l'appelait. A quelques mètres d'elle, ses parents, lui faisaient des petits signes, l'invitant à venir à leur rencontre. Elle s'excusa auprès de Cooper et se rapprocha de son père et de sa mère qui visiblement venaient d'arriver dans la cour et n'avaient donc pas assisté au baiser. « Alors chérie, tu as été prise ?, lui demanda sa mère -Non pas exactement, -Comment ça pas exactement ?, continua son père perdu - J'ai refusé d'entendre si j'étais acceptée ou pas dans l'ABC, parce que je vais être la première danseuse dans la nouvelle compagnie de Cooper Nielson, leur expliqua-t-elle - N'était-ce pas l'un de tes partenaire, ?, reprit sa mère - Si maman, c'est bien ça, confirma sa fille Jody jeta un regard en arrière, et heureusement Cooper comprit qu'il devait la rejoindre, avec des gens qu'il devinait être ses parents. Il arriva l'air décontracté, un sourire poli sur le visage pour donner une bonne impression. Après tout il rencontrait pour la première ses peut-être futurs beau-parents, il n'avait pas le droit à l'erreur. -Bonjour, les salua-t-il -Bonjour à vous aussi, lui répondirent-ils - Vous avez fait du très bon travail, c'était magnifique, le complimenta la mère de la danseuse -Merci c'est gentil, mais celle qu'il faut féliciter c'est votre fille, c'est elle qui a tout fait, moi je n'étais que là pour la seconder, - Papa, maman, je vous présente Cooper Nielson, mon partenaire pour ce ballet, il en est aussi le chorégraphe, et..., commença-t-elle en se retournant vers lui, Il hocha la tête positivement, lui donnant l'autorisation qu'elle attendait tant et elle replanta son regard dans celui de ses parents. -...Et mon petit-ami, termina-t-elle d'une toute petite voix. Si elle avait pu disparaître dans un trou de souris, là tout de suite, elle l'aurait fait sans hésiter. Présenter l'homme qu'on aimait à ses parents, existait-il situation plus embarrassante au monde ? Avant lui, elle était déjà sortie avec un garçon, lorsqu'elle était au lycée, mais ils avaient amis, et ses parents l'avaient déjà rencontré plusieurs fois avant qu'ils ne deviennent un couple. Là, c'était complètement différent, elle fréquentait son patron, un peu plus âgé qu'elle, et avec qui sa première histoire n'avait pas bien terminé. Dire qu'elle était stressée était un euphémisme. -Ton petit-ami, répéta son père perplexe Lui et sa femme échangèrent un regard ne sachant trop quoi répondre à cette annonce. Ils étaient bien évidemment ravis pour leur fille unique qui réalisait son rêve, mais jamais lorsqu'elle leur avait téléphoné elle ne l'avait mentionné. Si elle avait dit qu'il était son petit-ami c'est que cela faisait déjà quelques temps qu'ils étaient ensemble, elle ne le leur l'aurait pas présenté si cela n'était pas du sérieux. Leur petite Jody avait grandi si vite, et ils n'en prenaient conscience que maintenant. Si elle était heureuse c'était tout ce qui leur importait. - Nous sommes contents pour toi ma chérie, répondit sincèrement sa mère » Un an plus tard : La compagnie Cooper Nielson était sur toutes les bouches, de nombreux jeunes danseurs rêvaient de l'intégrer. La plupart des filles craquaient pour le danseur blond, alors que la plupart des garçons,eux, étaient sous le charme de Jody. Celle-ci était devenue une star, et apparaissait régulièrement en couverture de magazines. C'était avec elle, que Nielson était le plus exigeant, elle était sa première danseuse, celle qui continuait de l'émerveiller et de l'inspirer. Ils étaient toujours ensemble, le propriétaire de la compagnie n'en revenait pas lui-même. Certes un an cela pouvait paraître court pour tirer des plans sur la comète, mais sa petite-amie était unique. Depuis qu'il avait fait sa rencontre, elle n'avait pas du tout changé, malgré sa soudaine célébrité, malgré l'attention que le monde de la danse et la presse lui prêtait. Jody était juste Jody, et c'était pour ça qu'il l'aimait, avec elle pas de risque de trahison, de tromperie. Elle était beaucoup trop entière pour ça, et avoir le privilège d'être avec elle en permanence était une chance à laquelle il refusait de renoncer. Il savait qu'elle continuait de correspondre avec ses amis, Eva, Maureen, Emily, Sergei, Erik, et Charlie, mais il n'était pas jaloux de ce dernier. Il ne l'était plus, parce qu'elle était avec lui, et il ne voulait pas s'imaginer des choses qui n'avaient pas lieux d'être. Cooper Nielson n'était pas un idiot, et lorsqu'il commettait une erreur, il retenait la leçon pour éviter de la répéter, il avait appris, s'était souvenu qu'on ne joue pas avec un cœur. S'il en doutait encore, il lui suffisait de poser son regard sur l'anneau entourant l'annulaire de Jody, bague de fiançailles qui se verrait bientôt par celle de mariage. Jody Nielson, ça sonnait si bien. ","Summary":" One-shot qui aurait dû être posté fin septembre mais qui a été reporté suite à des petits problèmes"},{"Movie":"Center Stage","Title":"Danseuses (non) classiques","Author":"MadMeary","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13050208","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Center stage est la propriété de Nicholas Hytner. Danseuses (non) classiques Jody répétait en attendant Cooper le patron ainsi que le chorégraphe de la compagnie de danse à laquelle elle appartenait. La veille il lui avait envoyé un message sur son portable lui demandant de venir au studio en avance le lendemain matin car il avait une surprise pour elle. Elle était curieuse et aussi sur ses gardes, Cooper avait encore des sentiments pour elle, et même s'il ne tentait rien puisqu'elle sortait avec Charlie, un danseur de l'American Ballet Compagnie, elle se méfiait de ce qu'il lui avait réservé. « Bonjour ma belle !, s'exclama une voix féminine d'un ton enjoué. -Emily !, s'écria-t-elle en se précipitant vers la jeune femme. Les deux amies se prirent dans les bras, heureuses de se retrouver après plus d'un an sans s'être vues. -Que fais-tu ici ?, lui demanda la petite blonde. -Cooper m'a engagé, répondit-elle en souriant. -Tu es sérieuse, mais c'est génial !, dit Jody en lui faisant un câlin. -Je sais, je n'en reviens pas moi-même, avoua son amie. -Raconte-moi tout ce qui t'es arrivée depuis l'année dernière. -Tout cela risque d'être un peu long, rit la brunette, je vais te dire l'essentiel. Après avoir quitté l'académie j'ai suivi un régime diététique afin de retrouver la ligne, et puis je suis entrée à l'université. Je croyais que pour moi la danse classique c'était définitivement terminée, et puis il y a quelques jours de cela, Cooper est venu me rendre visite chez ma mère. Il m'a proposé d'intégrer sa compagnie, au début ma mère et moi étions hésitantes, surtout elle, mon expérience à l'académie lui avait laissé des doutes. Il a réussi à la convaincre, et moi j'ai réalisé que j'aimais toujours danser. J'étais très surprise lorsqu'il m'a apprit que c'était toi sa danseuse vedette. -A moi aussi cela a fait un choc lorsqu'il est venu me voir dans les coulisses après la représentation de son ballet du spectacle de fin d'année pour me faire cette proposition, lui confia Jody. -En tout cas je suis contente pour toi, et de me retrouver ici, déclara la nouvelle danseuse enthousiaste. -Moi aussi, cela me fait plaisir de te retrouver et de t'avoir comme partenaire. -Merci Jody tu es adorable, la remercia-t-elle en lui faisant une bise. » Les filles continuèrent à bavarder pendant plusieurs minutes de leurs souvenirs et de leur vie respective, avant de s'échauffer pour s'occuper et être prêtes lorsque les autres arriveraient. Lorsque Cooper pénétra dans le studio il n'eut pas besoin de demander à sa vedette si sa surprise lui avait plu, il n'eut qu'à regarder l'immense sourire qu'elle avait sur le visage. Emily avait été vite adoptée par la troupe et elle se sentait enfin à sa place et libre de danser. Jody et elle partageaient un petit appartement pas très loin du studio. Les deux filles apprenaient à mieux se connaître et se découvraient plein de points communs, autre que la danse classique. Le jour de la première représentation était arrivé, et tout le monde était à la fois excité et sur les nerfs. Si le public et les critiques aimaient le ballet alors la compagnie prouverait qu'elle avait sa place parmi les meilleures du pays, et la troupe pourrait partir en tournée, mais si ce n'était pas le cas, cet échec risquerait de leur coûter cher. « Je suis dans tous mes états, affirma Emily en terminant de se maquiller. -Em détends-toi, tout va bien se passer, nous avons répéter, nous sommes au point, la rassura Jody. -Facile à dire, cela fait un an que tu danses pour Cooper, moi c'est la première fois, si je commets une erreur ou si j'oublie un pas, ou pire si... -Stop, respire calmement, l'interrompit son amie, rien de tout cela ne va arriver, nous allons très bien nous en sortir, cela va être un triomphe, la rassura-t-elle. -Tu as raison, je dois positiver, tout va être parfait, se répéta-t-elle. -Exactement, confirma l'autre. » Les deux danseuses échangèrent un sourire complice pour se donner du courage mutuellement. Cooper vint les chercher, et elles quittèrent les loges pour se rendre en se jetèrent un dernier regard avant que le rideau ne se lève, et qu'elles entrent en scène. Dès la première minute de musique, les deux ballerines oublièrent leur stress, et se laissèrent porter par la mélodie. Plus rien n'existait si ce n'était les danseurs et danseuses autour d'elles. Elles ne voyaient plus les gens venus les voir, plus l'orchestre... A la fin de la représentation le public leur fit une ovation à laquelle elles ne s'étaient pas attendues. Qui aurait crû que Jody et Emily, qui selon Jonathan ne seraient jamais de grandes danseuses à cause de leur corps, étaient ce soir applaudies par des milliers de spectateurs ! Elles se jetèrent un rapide coup d'œil, et l'une et l'autre remarquèrent la joie briller dans les iris de l'autre. Leur rêve était en train de se réaliser, elles avaient eu raison de ne pas abandonner. ","Summary":" Center stage est la propriété de Nicholas Hytner. Danseuses (non) classiques Jody répétait en atten"},{"Movie":"Center Stage","Title":"What you feel when you love it","Author":"jordancekismet","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6827978","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Sometimes when I dance, and I hit something dead on, I feel completely whole. Everything seems in perfect balance both within and outside me. I feel as though my blood is desperately attempting to explode out of my skin and I get this wonderfully terrifying swoop in my stomach as I think \"was that me? Did I just dance that?\" And I feel perfect. I don't know how it looked, but it feels perfect and there's this addicting satisfaction. I crave that feeling because that's the only form of perfection I can simulate. I feel beautiful, and powerful, and I want to share that feeling with the world. But nobody can join in on that, not unless they know the feeling of feeling wonderful while simultaneously striving harder with every breath, every plie. When I dance, life goes on, but it also feels suspended, and it's comparable to being in another world. This is where the barrier springs up, magic-like. This is where people tend to misunderstand: when we say it's like being transported to another world, we don't mean Mars. We don't mean a land filled with fantastical animals and myths. All we mean is a world completely united, a state almost, of complete and all-encompassing self-satisfaction. But it is another world, and being there fills you with such happiness you can scarcely stand not spinning around in circles whilst shouting. And then you're brought back to a dusty studio with an unforgiving mirror, and you want nothing more than to go back to that place, and so you try harder. We may be called perfectionists, in every negative sense of the word, but sometimes it seems as though perfection is the only way back to that other, magical world. Perfection, or striving for perfection, is just a bittersweet path to happiness. ","Summary":" Sometimes when I dance, and I hit something dead on, I feel completely whole. Everything seems in p"},{"Movie":"Center Stage","Title":"Made To Dance","Author":"ModernScribe","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5290133","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: Again, it is not mine. Spoilers: I'm just going to say see the film and be done with it. Warning: I know very little about hockey or any professional sport, so bear with me. There are also a few mild curse words and crude boy humor. Dedication: I usually don't dedicate my work, but I'm making an exception with this one. It came about because X5-452 and 494 read my story \"Brother of the Pussy Ballerina\" and suggested to me that I write a story on how Tommy's hockey friends reacted to his new ballerina status. Consequently my phoenix muse rose again and produced this story. Thank you X5-452 and 494. This story is for you. Made To Dance Tommy Anderson had been my best friend for as long as I could remember. I'm talking pre sandbox time. We did everything together. We even got sick together. Our parents knew that when one of us felt ill, they might as well put the other one to bed as soon as possible because chances were, he'd drop soon enough. Not that we got sick very often. People used to say we moved too fast for germs to catch us. They were probably right. I remember this one time when we were about nine. We were racing down the street of our respectful Boston neighborhood at breakneck speed. It was a long, flat, and straight strip of road. Perfect for running on. Anyway, we were running so fast, we didn't see old lady Holcomb until it was too late. One minute she was bent over, smelling her roses, the next, she was face down in the dirt smelling her fertilizer. I guess it was then that our parents banded together and decided to enroll us at the nearest gym for hockey lessons. It was the best thing they could have done for us. Tommy and I quickly became the best hockey players in the league. People called us \"The Undefeated Duo\" and they were right. We never lost a game. Every night we went to sleep dreaming of hockey and every morning we woke up to play it. It was the perfect life. Every summer our parents shipped us off to hockey camp. They said they did it for us, but we both knew they really did it for two whole months of hockey free conversation. (Of course once Tommy's little brother, Bobby, picked up our enthusiasm, Tommy's parents didn't even get those months off. To say my parents were relieved that they only had me is most likely an understatement.) Not that we weren't happy to go. Far from it. We'd start the hockey camp countdown in January. Part of the camp's morning schedule was always an hour of mandatory ballet class. They claimed it was to strengthen our ankles and improve our posture. Most of the campers thought that was a load of crap. They'd grumble that all the counselors were perverts who got off seeing us in tights. They'd also insult the teacher after class, calling her the DIT (Dragon In Tights) or Madame Tip Toes. They'd say they came to play hockey, not become a prima ballerina. When the DIT heard that, she told them they didn't have to worry since they were in greater danger of becoming balla rhinos than balle rinas . I'd be lying if I didn't tell you I was one of those grumbling campers. In fact, the only one of us who didn't think taking ballet was a waste of time that was better-spent playing hockey was Tommy. It was the one thing we disagreed on. People used to tease Tommy about it. They'd call him \"The Ballerina Of The Crotch Cup\" or \"The Amazing Ballarhino\" in honor of the DIT's pronouncement. In my defense, I never joined in. However only off court did they call Tommy names. No one would dare insult Tommy Anderson with a stick in his hand. He might always have taken the jibes with a smile, but every man is bound to crack sometime and it was best if he weren't armed when he finally did. One time the DIT overheard the boys calling Tommy names in the locker room. She burst in, apparently oblivious to the cries of alarm and hasty covering of all exposed privates. She boldly declared that they were all just jealous because Tommy had more natural grace and form in his little finger than the lot of them ever would have put together. I think that was the first time I ever saw Tommy embarrassed, although if it were because of what she said or the fact that he was half naked in front of her, I'll never know. Anyway, after that, the boys stopped teasing him. I suppose I should have known then that hockey may not be the only thing Tommy was made to do, but that realization wouldn't come for a long time. In our senior year of high school, we were both offered full ride hockey scholarships to NYU. Not that this was a surprise considering we were both all-state hockey champs three years in a row and the first freshman ever to have made the varsity hockey team. We accepted, though if I were honest with myself, I'd have to admit that Tommy might not have been as totally psyched about it as I was. Sure, he was jumping around and all, but I'd been around him long enough to see that his smile didn't light up his eyes like it normally would have given the circumstances. We had a great time at NYU. We were arguably the most popular people on the campus and spent our days in an ubber-happy athletic haze. Or at least I did. Over the four years we spent playing hockey in college, Tommy's disenchantment with the sport seemed to grow more and more evident. I attempted to deny it, but eventually even I couldn't. One look in his eyes when we were offered the chance to play hockey professionally after college told me he wasn't going to take it. When I asked him what he was going to do instead, he said he didn't know but was thinking about ballet. I'm not ashamed to say I laughed right in his face. True, he'd always been the best at camp, but he was competing with a load of dunderheads whose only exhibit of grace was on a hockey court and even that was limited. There he'd been a big fish in a small pond. Out in the real world he'd just be a big fish in a giant ocean. What made him think he'd be able to do it professionally? For some reason, my words had no effect. He said he was tired of getting injured and would rather go out on his own terms than somebody else's. As much as I didn't want to admit it, I knew he was right. As the best player on the team -- barring me of course -- he was always the first one the other team went after. He'd racked up more broken limbs and concussions than most members of any professional team. It was only a matter of time before he ended up in the hospital permanently, either in the ward reserved for coma victims or the morgue. I was his best friend. It was my duty to stand by his every decision. And so, despite the fact that I still doubted his chances of becoming a real professional \"ballarhino\", when the NHL called again, only I picked up the phone. It was time for the undefeated duo to divide and go their own individual way for the first time. We kept in touch. Every month or so I'd get a long email detailing how he'd gotten into the American Dance Academy or how he'd finally mastered the complicated lift technique for holding a girl above your head. Even though I didn't really understand most of what he said, I'd send him a response teasing him for being worried about a certain step or congratulating him for finally getting his hands on a woman. You know, guy stuff. Occasionally one of us would call the other and we'd watch a game on TV, separately of course since I was always on the road and he was in New York. On those rare occasions, it almost felt like we'd never parted. Once I came to New York on an away game. He took me to a jazzy club. From our emails and telephone conversations, I knew he was friends with the owner and had an \"arrangement\" with one of the waitresses. I'd gotten the sense that there was more going on between that waitress (Kate, I think her name was) and him than just the dance partnership Tommy claimed. When I saw her pull him out to the floor and challenge him to a dance, I was almost sure I was right. And when I saw them dance, I knew I was right. They were just so in-synch. Besides that, the chemistry between them was so thick that it was practically sending out cancer-causing rays. I wasn't the only one to notice. A blond chick with a posse I'd seen with Tommy earlier took one look at the dancing couple and left with a sour expression. That night was the first time I'd seen Tommy dance anything since college. He'd definitely improved. If his ballet dancing was even half as good as his hip-hop, he'd made a good choice for his next career. I made a mental note to see one of his performances ASAP. I got my chance several months later. Tommy had gotten the lead in a production of \"The Glass Slipper\", whatever that was. Opening night happened to be just a few days before my team had to be in New York for another away game. I left the team in Cleveland a little early just to make sure I would make it. To say it was worth flying there on my own dime would be wrong. It was worth so much more than that. It was worth all the months I'd secretly spent wishing Tommy hadn't given up hockey. It was worth sitting next to ballet snobs who thought they were better than everybody else just because they had season passes to the theater. It was worth standing in line for two city blocks just to get in. It was worth it all. As Tommy danced with the girl I recognized as Kate from the club, I could literally feel my heart exploding with emotion. It was probably the most beautiful thing I'd ever seen. Tears were flowing down my face, and I never cry. Even a puck to the balls doesn't make me cry, but Tommy's dancing did. He seemed more at home up there on the stage than he ever had on the hockey court. It was then that the realization that should have come to me back so long ago at hockey camp finally came to me. Tommy was made for more than just playing hockey: he was made to dance. A/N: I considered having him meet up with Suzanne backstage and making her realize that Kate had been the right choice, but I decided against it. As much as I don't like how abruptly Suzanne changes her mind, they did an okay job explaining it with her watching the show and I couldn't figure out a way to get him backstage. Besides, this story is about his and Tommy's relationship not Suzanne. Pity though because I do kind of feel sorry for her. Kate gets Tommy, but whom does she get? Wouldn't it be sweet if she and Tommy's best friend fell in love? I suppose that will have to be another story. Anyone want the idea? Going once, going twice. Anyway, I hope you're happy X5-452 and 494 . Thank you again for the prompt. ","Summary":" Disclaimer: Again, it is not mine. Spoilers: I'm just going to say see the film and be done with it"},{"Movie":"Center Stage","Title":"Lovely","Author":"hoovahoopah","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9459066","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Sometimes she looks into his eyes and expects to find something there. Every time she finds herself disappointed, he can barely look her in the eyes anymore. Sometimes she wonders if he ever could. And then she wonders what his wife sees when she looks into those deep blue eyes, is it everything she wanted? And is she everything he wanted? She tries not to wonder, it's not good for her. It hurts far more than it should. \"Are you alright?\" It takes her about two seconds to realize she's been staring, her eyes glazing over as her brain works into overtime. He'll assume she's exhausted from the long workshop rehearsals, the looming end of the term. She blinks once, twice, three times, \"I'm fine.\" His brows furrow in concern and she shakes her head, waving a hand noncommittally. He nods, placated, and turns to bark at another student. She jumps slightly, the harshness of his voice startling her, reminding her what she's supposed to be doing. And then she's scribbling furiously, taking notes, committing each meticulously choreographed step to memory as Jonathan works. She sees Kathleen out of the corner of her eye, hovering in the doorway, and she hears the whisper of students. \" Kathleen Donahue is here!\" The girls, even girls she's taught since their earliest dancing days, are always awed by the appearance of a company member. Kathleen simply smiles and continues to watch her husband work. Kathleen's gone a few minutes later and Jonathan turns to look at the empty doorway for a moment. Juliette wonders if that's longing in his eyes or if he's simply wishing he could have told Kathleen to make sure their dinner reservation was still in place. He's changed in twenty-five years, so has she. Juliette supposes it's all the same now. Stardom went to his head. He had been the Cooper Neilson of his time, all muscle and twinkling eyes. She knew he'd be tempted, the girls waiting at the stage door, the adoring public, so she worked harder. Juliette made promises she couldn't keep, so did he, and she was sure she could keep him humble. Keep him hers. He strayed, she did too, but she always forgave and was never so lucky herself. Jonathan was, and always will be, an impossible, unforgiving tyrant. But she was Juliette Simone, and he was Jonathan Reeves. Then suddenly she was too old, crippled by industry standards and the threat of young talent. She bowed out gracefully, before they had a chance to humiliate her. They were both devastated, in private and very separately. They taught, both of them, until he was promoted to company director. All too quickly there were people to impress, donors to meet, and it consumed him. He wanted more and she wanted him. \"Juliette?\" his voice cuts through the silence again. He's concentrated, focused, but she can feel his frustration from across the studio. \"Yes, Jonathan?\" her pen is at the ready, always. \"I suppose we're done for today,\" he looks around at the group of dancers spread through the studio. \"Thank you for your work,\" he nods, surveying the room once more before he turns on his heel, pushing open the studio doors. Juliette follows, her steps light and she knows he's already looking for his wife. He chose well, she thinks. His wife is quite spectacular, as lovely as Juliette had been years ago. Sometimes Juliette thinks she's lovely still and in her mind, she is. He comments on it from time to time. \"She reminds me of you,\" he says every so often. \"Oh, does she?\" Juliette feigns interest, as always. She knows what he's going to say next. He's never been terribly poetic. \"She exudes... such a lovely... thing,\" he gestures, looking for the words. Ultimately, he fails, letting his hands fall back to his sides in an uninspired manner. \"Just... the way you used to dance.\" In her head she can hear her own mirthless laughter, but she smiles in spite of it. \"Ah, I almost remember.\" They share a smile and he shoves paperwork at her as she tries to get away. It's not his intention to upset her, it never is, but when did she become so old? When did she stop exuding loveliness? Or is that something reserved for youth, for innocence? But then again, Kathleen is far from innocent. Just... young. She watches him as he looks around, craning his neck in the doorway of another studio. She wonders what he and Kathleen have. After a few glasses of wine, she asks questions better left unanswered. He's not bothered, not exactly, and there's a familiarity in her company that he never tires of. \"Jonathan?\" she turns to look at him, setting her wineglass back onto the table. He turns to look at her, draining the rest of his bourbon. \"Yes, Juliette?\" he smiles, charming as ever. \"Do you love her?\" Jonathan pauses, rolling his empty glass between his thumb and forefinger, he seems hypnotized by the way the glass catches the light. \"I do. I do love her.\" \"Good,\" she doesn't bother to ask if he really knows what love is. She runs a finger down the stem of her glass. \"And you're truly happy?\" He sets down his glass, \"I'm happy.\" \"Good, I'm happy for you.\" It's hard for her. It's increasingly more difficult with each passing day, actually, but Juliette is happy for Jonathan. He's her oldest and dearest friend, he deserves happiness. But he broke her heart, god damn it, and so she'll always feel the twist of a knife somewhere. He's made his way to the last studio on this floor and she watches a small smile creep across his face. It's all too clear he's found Kathleen, she's no doubt rehearsing the Balanchine choreography she's just learned. Jonathan watches and Juliette remembers the way he used to watch her. He'd say she was mesmerizing, ethereal. Some nights they get dinner and he says things he shouldn't. \"I thought you were going to marry that one gentleman,\" he spears a bite of steak with his fork. \"Weren't you?\" She shakes her head, setting her own fork back on her plate. I thought I was going to marry you. \"But he...\" Jonathan trails off. He looks confused, as he chews his food, clearly trying to figure out what went wrong. \"I didn't love him, not really.\" He seems to accept this, nodding slowly. \"Don't you ever wonder?\" \"Wonder what, Jonathan?\" she reaches for her glass of wine, suddenly not all that hungry. \"About marriage?\" \"All the time,\" she answers honestly, it's not as if she has anything to lose anymore. She lost him long ago. \"And?\" he looks at her intently, as if he really does care. \"And I've decided,\" she takes a large sip of wine. \"It's not for me.\" \"I see,\" he's not convinced. Neither is she, but she's had plenty of time to perfect this lie. \"Jonathan, when a woman reaches 40, things change. I was a career woman, sort of, whatever that means, and now I wouldn't have the time or energy to devote to another person.\" \"You have far more free time than anyone I know,\" he says lightly, kindly. \"You need something to make you happy, Juliette.\" \"I do,\" she feels herself growing defensive and she picks up her wineglass again, leaning back against the banquette. \"Teaching makes me happy.\" \"Does it?\" he knows it's not entirely true. A light went out long ago, she's no longer thrilled by what she does, now that she's not dancing anymore. Her students respect her though, and he can feel her sense of pride when they've done well. She nurtures as best she can and it fills part of the emptiness in her heart. They've been running this company together for ten years, they danced together for fifteen prior, and if he doesn't know her by now, he must be far too thick for his own good. \"Jonathan,\" she sighs, looking down at her uneaten salad. \"What is it you're really after?\" He doesn't know her, not really. He shrugs, \"Just wondering.\" Neither of them wants to go there, not anymore. Just a year ago she would have welcomed this conversation, now she doesn't dare. Now he has Kathleen and she has her students, their company. It's not all so bad, really. She shrugs, and picks up her fork again, moving the arugula back and forth on her plate. \"We both have lives, Jonathan.\" She remembers their fights, their screaming matches, but she remembers the way he would hold her when all was said and done, muscle and warmth tightly wrapped around her slender frame. She loved him then, she loves him still. But that love has turned to a dull ache, duller with each passing day and she's learned to live. She's learned to move on, as all do. Jonathan's attention is solely for Kathleen as she moves gracefully about the studio, her hair loose and her limbs moving in beautiful whispers. Juliette is behind him now, looking over his shoulder, and she can't help but think Kathleen looks somewhat like she did in her best years. She rests a hand on Jonathan's back, and he turns to give her a small smile. \"Isn't she lovely?\" he murmurs, his smile growing. \"She is,\" Juliette nods in agreement, turning back to watch the elegant creature. It's then she realizes, Jonathan couldn't truly love Kathleen any more than he could truly love her. It's not love, Jonathan doesn't know love. She's not even sure if Kathleen does either. As for herself, it's now she knows she hasn't known the truest kind of love either, not shared between two people anyway. Her love for Jonathan was as pure as any, as giving as any, but Jonathan is merely chasing a dream, an ideal. Jonathan prizes loveliness above all else, his love is for the dancer, not the woman beneath. She steps back suddenly, feeling as if she's been punched in the gut. She remembers, all too much, and she feels smothered by it. \"I've got to go finish,\" she trails off, holding up the notes from their prior rehearsal. \"I'll see you in the morning.\" He nods, distracted by the fluid lines of Kathleen's arabesque. \"See you tomorrow, mon ami.\" She turns, walking down the long hallway, all too desperate for the closed door of her office. She briefly wonders who will be next, once Kathleen has exhausted herself, once she's become one of them. Some younger students whisper as she passes and she hears her name. They whisper in reverence and she hopes to god they'll be smart. She knows they will, her youngest students always give her the most hope. She flies through reception, hearing Nancy chatter excitedly on the phone and she nearly slams her office door shut in agony. Juliette rips the pins from her hair, flinging each one into the small trash bin beneath her desk, the clipboard falling onto the floor in her haste. She paces then, dragging her hands through her hair. It's better now, she tells herself, now you know. You know. She won't cry. She will not allow herself to cry. And what good would that do anyhow? The door to her office swings open and she nearly screams in frustration. She quiets herself instantly the moment she realizes it's Jonathan. He has the nerve to look sheepish and she stares expectantly. \"Sorry.\" She nearly rolls her eyes, turning to look out the window. \"Aren't we all,\" is her reply, her arms crossing over her chest. \"What, Jonathan?\" He doesn't respond and she turns to look at him, and it's clear he's distracted, staring at the smooth column of her neck, the way her near-auburn hair catches the light. He thinks she really is quite lovely, old-age and all, and he smiles until he realizes he's been caught. \"Jonathan,\" her tone is clipped, her hands now at her hips. \"Can I help you?\" He ducks his head, \"Uh, no, I guess not.\" \"Goodnight, Jonathan.\" He looks surprised for a moment, nodding quickly in recovery. \"Right, 'night, Juliette.\" He turns, hand on the doorknob, and he pauses in thought. \"Do you think the pas de deux is too... I don't know,\" he searches for the right word, sighing in defeat. \"Do you think it's too strained? Too much?\" He turns his head back to look at her, a quirky smile playing at his lips. \"No, Jonathan,\" her voice softens, and she crosses her arms over her chest. \"It's beautiful.\" She leans against her desk. He knew she'd say so and he smiles, finally twisting the knob, \"Thanks. I'll see you tomorrow.\" \"See you tomorrow,\" she nods fondly as he turns to leave. The door closes again and Juliette sighs, not allowing herself a second thought. He needs approval, always. He needs her blessing. She picks up the clipboard, sitting down at her computer. She glances over her rehearsal notes, Jonathan's choreography. First pas de deux. Tombé, pas de bourrée, glissade, grand jeté... ","Summary":" Sometimes she looks into his eyes and expects to find something there. Every time she finds herself"},{"Movie":"Center Stage","Title":"Stardust","Author":"MadMeary","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13040443","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Center stage est à Nicholas Hytner. Stardust Il avait joué avec elle, avec ses sentiments, il lui avait dit les mots qu'elle attendait, et il avait obtenu ce qu'il désirait, la mettre dans son lit. A présent qu'il avait satisfait ses désirs, elle n'avait plus d'importance pour lui. Elle était juste une danseuse qui devait lui obéir. Jody pleurait, elle avait mal, elle était tombée sous son charme, et avait cédé à ses avances comme une fille facile. Elle aurait souhaité pouvoir reprendre l'amour qu'il avait provoqué en elle, le plaisir qu'elle avait ressenti, effacer les souvenirs qui tournaient en boucle dans son esprit. Cela était impossible, elle devrait apprendre à vivre avec cette erreur, avec sa naïveté qui faisait d'elle un conquête de plus dans le lit de Cooper. Elle n'était plus rien, il lui avait tout prit, et elle ne serait plus jamais la même étoile. ","Summary":" Center stage est à Nicholas Hytner. Stardust Il avait joué avec elle, avec ses sentiments, il lui a"},{"Movie":"Center Stage","Title":"Só Pra Te Mostrar Que Me Importo","Author":"Lara Boger","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5788262","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: Os personagens de \"Sob a Luz da Fama\" (Center Stage) não me pertencem. Eles são de propriedade de Carol Heikkinen . Essa fanfic não tem fins lucrativos. Só pra te mostrar que me importo Cooper Nielsen: o melhor bailarino do mundo. Esse sou eu. Cooper Nielsen: um filho da puta arrogante. Esse também sou eu. É assim que me chamam. Não nego e me assumo. Sou exatamente desse jeito. Nunca me incomodei por ser chamado assim. Nunca fez diferença. Além disso, fiz por merecer esse título infame. Faço jus a ele. A fama faz certas coisas na vida. Admito que nunca fui a melhor das pessoas. Sou egoísta, mulherengo, mal humorado. Sou sincero em dizer isso e talvez minha sinceridade ao falar de mim mesmo assuste as pessoas. Nunca fiz questão de me mostrar de outra forma. Prefiro a verdade. Simples assim. Sou bom no que faço, me esforcei para estar aqui. E talvez se eu não fosse assim, não estaria onde estou. Simplesmente me assumo. Nada mais. Aproveito aquilo que a fama me dá. O dinheiro do qual usei, abusei e não o tenho como antes. A atenção e os privilégios que tenho de outras pessoas... especialmente das mulheres. Claro que não sou como um astro de Hollywood. Mas sou bastante famoso, e para certas garotas isso é o que conta. Tive muitas e não nego. Devo me envergonhar por aproveitar as oportunidades? Me processem, mas todas as que tive sempre foram do mesmo tipo. Uma noite ou duas. Nada mais do que isso. Exercitei bastante meus gestos de conquista, e isso me trouxe a fama de mulherengo. Admito que sou conquistador, jogo meu charme. Dou minhas cantadas, mas nunca deixo de dizer a verdade. Se elas aceitam, não é mais um problema meu. Antes que além de arrogante, me chamem de cafajeste, digo que já me apaixonei antes. Minha experiência não foi nada boa... uma bailarina, minha partner: Kathleen Donahue. Namorávamos, mas fui trocado. Jonathan Reeves, o diretor. Uma grande decepção porque eu a amava. E que foi pior ainda para alguém com um ego como o meu. Fui embora, dançar uma temporada em Londres, e os pombinhos se casaram. Resumo dessa forma, e parece simples, mas realmente me feri nessa história. Sofri, talvez por ego, mas passou. Dediquei-me a dança, fazendo planos para vôos mais altos. Mesmo estando no topo, ainda tinha planos maiores. Voltei também a minha vida de conquistador. Nada melhor que novas histórias para esquecer uma antiga. Realmente levo esse lema a sério. Quando voltei para Nova York, não imaginava que pudesse conhecer outra pessoa. E eu realmente conheci. Jody Saywner, uma das alunas da ABC. Uma novata. Era o primeiro dia dela, e eu a encontrei tirando as malas do táxi. Não foi uma paixão a primeira vista. Nem acredito nesse tipo de coisa, e de qualquer fora o que notei primeiro foi a sua beleza. Não que eu seja insensível, mas acredite: é impossível notar qualquer coisa senão a sua beleza quando você a vê pela primeira vez. Ela nunca conseguiria passar despercebida. Loira, olhos claros, iluminados. Claro que havia tantas outras mulheres tão bonitas quanto, mas nenhuma como ela. Jody tinha algo mais. Como o bom cavalheiro e galanteador que sou, me ofereci para ajudar com as malas. Bom, ela se assustou quando viu quem eu era, mas recusou a ajuda com um sorriso. Seu sorriso era tão iluminado quanto seus olhos, mas foi tudo tão rápido que sequer perguntei seu nome. Acabei descobrindo mais tarde. Já quanto a mim, bom... dispenso apresentações. Sou Cooper Nielsen, um dos maiores bailarinos do mundo. Minha reputação me precede. Sempre foi assim e ser modesto nem me passa pela cabeça. Voltamos a nos encontrar alguns dias depois por acidente. Fiquei com sua imagem na minha cabeça, mas nem cogitei a possibilidade de procurá-la. Eu estava no auge da minha galinhagem pós-fossa e quanto mais garotas, melhor. Eu a vi durante uma festa da companhia, logo depois de ter dançado Romeu e Julieta... um momento difícil pois Kathleen era a Julieta. Não vou mentir e dizer que foi fácil. Eu nunca minto, ou pelo menos tento não mentir. Enquanto estou no palco, não há problemas, pois esqueço de tudo e me entrego à dança, e dancei como nunca naquela noite. O problema foi depois, fora do palco... e foi justamente nessa noite que eu a reencontrei. E foi quando finalmente soube o seu nome. Mas estava muito ocupado em agradar Joanne Miller, uma viúva endinheirada que era minha fã. Jonathan Reeves queria agradá-la, e é como eu sempre digo: se é pela companhia, eu visto a camisa. O jeito que a encontrei não poderia ter sido mais prosaico. As novatas estavam vendendo tiaras e sapatilhas autografadas, e Jody, com toda sua elegância esbarrou em Joanne. Foi quando Jonathan perguntou seu nome, apresentando-a como se fosse uma das promessas entre tantas da Academia. E eu, com os meus galanteios de sempre, disse-lhe que nunca esqueceria o nome de uma bela garota. De fato, dificilmente esqueço, especialmente quando quero mesmo lembrar. Eu queria lembrar de Jody Saywner e realmente o fiz meses depois quando nos encontramos de novo. E mais uma vez, uma coincidência. Era engraçado como estávamos sempre na ABC e nunca nos esbarramos pelos corredores, porém nos víamos sempre fora de lá. Depois desse último encontro, descobri que talvez Nova York não fosse tão grande assim quanto pensei, pelo menos não para nós dois. Ela estava em uma academia de dança que eu costumava freqüentar, onde me via livre de todas as malditas regras da ABC. Pelo jeito, Jody também queria a mesma coisa: era o seu primeiro dia e ela dançou lindamente. Mal pude tirar meus olhos dela. E lá fui eu, preparando o caminho, investindo. Quando a vi saindo, fui atrás dela, fazendo parecer uma coincidência. Chamei-a pelo nome, confirmando o fato de que eu nunca esquecia o nome de uma bela garota. Não me importei quando ela quis justificar o fato de ter assistido aula em outra academia. Pouco ligava pra isso. Simplesmente a elogiei, dizendo que ela estava ótima. É fácil elogiar quando se diz a verdade. Ignorei também quando ela me disse sobre a falta de técnica ou os pés ruins. Nunca me importei com os padrões da ABC e não seria agora que iria perpetuá-los. Ela sorriu. Eu a chamei para almoçar, o que não colou. Para a sobremesa, menos ainda. Afinal, desde quando bailarinas comiam? Chamei-a para dar uma volta de moto pela cidade. Convite aceito e passeamos juntos, em uma tarde agradável. Jody ficou muito bem na garupa da minha Harley Davidson. Acabamos no meu apartamento. Fui gentil e ofereci biscoitos: recusados. Ofereci vinho. Brindamos. Conversamos um pouco. Bem pouco porque simplesmente acabamos nos deixando levar pela química. Do beijo mais simples acabamos na cama, da forma mais natural possível. Sim, estou falando de sexo. Eu a desejei, mas não seria canalha o bastante pra forçar uma situação. Nós nos desejamos e simplesmente aconteceu. O problema era o dia seguinte... e todos os outros dias que vinham depois dele. Homens e mulheres encaram o sexo de forma completamente diferente. Para as mulheres, há o sentimento e aos homens isso não queria dizer grande coisa. Por mais desejo que eu sentisse e por mais bonita de Jody fosse, o fato de transarmos não significava nada. Eu não estava disposto a nenhuma forma de compromisso que não fosse comigo mesmo e com o meu trabalho. Estava prestes a ter minha chance como coreógrafo, já tinha em mente o figurino, a musica, os passos... até mesmo o nome da minha primeira bailarina. Soube que Jody era a garota certa no exato momento em que a vi dançar. Mas eu sabia mais que ninguém: não era bom misturar assunto pessoal com trabalho. Tudo em nome do profissionalismo. Só que Jody passou a encarar a situação como se tivéssemos algo. Pobre garota sonhadora... Claro que em algum momento ela percebeu o óbvio. E se sentiu traída. Entendo seus motivos, mas não havia razões para tal, principalmente quando escolheu a hora errada para explodir. Logo em um dos ensaios para o workshop onde meu sonho estaria a prova. Fui obrigado a fazer com que caísse em si. Fui ríspido com ela: lembrei-a da hierarquia. Consegui afasta-la. Passamos a ser profissionais e mal trocamos palavras além do estritamente necessário. Jody estava tão concentrada quanto eu, mais disposta ao silêncio que eu mesmo. Percebi sua mudança, mas estava ocupado demais para refletir ou sentir culpa. Tinha problemas demais pra resolver, inclusive tendo que dançar para substituir o protagonista. Agora sim definitivamente eu era o responsável pelo meu sonho. Mais do que planeja-lo, eu teria de fazer isso dar certo. Ignorei que aquele ballet era a minha história de decepção sendo encenada e exposta publicamente. Eu não seria apenas um artista com o clichê de expor sua decepção. Teria de revivê-la. E o fiz. Todos fizeram. Jody brilhou, foi perfeita. A menina dos pés ruins estava tendo o seu momento de glória. Foi quando finalmente pude olhar para ela de novo, mas não me dei conta de que ela não estava me esperando. Que de certa forma aquela história fora além do palco. O final não fora o mesmo do espetáculo, mas o mesmo da minha vida. Eu havia perdido. Charlie, o garoto que escolhi para interpretar Jonathan. Foi com ele que Jody resolveu ficar. Não protestei, nem poderia. Erro meu. E o mais irônico: assim como tive Kathleen ao meu lado como partner mesmo depois de tudo, aconteceria o mesmo comigo e com Jody. Agora por escolha minha. Jody Sawyner era a primeira bailarina da minha companhia. Masoquismo, mas ela era a melhor opção para a companhia. Nunca me importei com o que diziam sobre seus pés ou a falta de técnica. Eu queria sua paixão pela dança. E realmente a tive. Dedicada e intensa. Ela vibra nos palcos. Não tanto nos ensaios porque eu a pressiono. Pressiono muito e sempre. Sei que ela quer o estrelato, e tentei ajudá-la nisso, ainda que ela não soubesse. Por mais que eu ignore todas as regras e posturas da ABC, eu sei que é importante. Um padrão a ser seguido, e do quanto ela precisa disso pra alcançar o sonho. Jody sempre ensaiou mais do que todos. Passa mais horas no salão de ensaios que em qualquer outro lugar. Ouve minhas advertências e impropérios mais que qualquer um. O relacionamento com Charlie terminou, tanto pela falta de tempo quanto por outros motivos que não me interessam até hoje. Começamos um outro relacionamento que não tem nada a ver com compromisso e que está além do trabalho. Sexo, sem que isso esteja condicionado a alguma coisa como alguns poderiam pensar. Dormimos juntos, acordamos um no apartamento do outro. Quase como se morássemos na mesma casa. Não é muito difícil, já que somos vizinhos. Apesar disso sei que ela explode em raiva quando ouve minha voz. Reflexos do que a faço passar, certamente mas creio que ela entenda os meus atos. Mais que preocupação ou perfeccionismo e desejo de fazer o meu próprio projeto dar certo. Eu quero que Jody Saynwer dê certo. E hoje sei que valeu a pena, quando a vejo ser comparada com Margot Fonteyn: tão vibrante em cena que seus defeitos eram ínfimos, menores. Não sei bem minhas razões pra isso. Como eu disse antes, sou egoísta e não nego. Não sei bem se sinto algo por ela. Aquela coisa que chamam de amor? É diferente dos meus antigos sentimentos por Kathleen, talvez mais forte. Mais incômodo pra mim. Sei que não sou o companheiro ideal pra ninguém. Talvez eu não sirva nem mesmo para ter um cachorro. Meu afeto é torto, não nasci para ficar preso a ninguém. Talvez esta seja a melhor forma para demonstrar algo por Jody. Talvez por isso agora eu tenha acabado de garantir que sua carreira continue e seu maior sonho se realize: ser uma bailarina da ABC. Isso é importante pra ela, e pude garantir que tenha essa chance. Não me falta muito para fechar as portas da minha companhia. Não para sempre, mas apenas por um tempo. E quando isso acontecer, haverá uma proposta para que ela integre a ABC. Não no corpo de baile, mas sim como uma solista. Quem sabe eu não seja de todo insensível? Não sou bom em demonstrar sentimentos, mas creio talvez possa fazer mais com gestos que com palavras. E eu me importo com Jody, ainda que ela não saiba. O bastante para querer que ela tenha um caminho pra trilhar, mesmo que não haja mais espaço pra mim. Talvez isso seja amor. Não sei o que pode realmente ser, ou se há algum nome pra isso. E francamente isso é irrelevante. Para mim é apenas o certo. Fim ","Summary":" Disclaimer: Os personagens de \"Sob a Luz da Fama\" (Center Stage) não me pertencem. Eles são de pr"},{"Movie":"Center Stage","Title":"Juliette and Jonathan are so messy","Author":"hoovahoopah","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9459079","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Juliette has heard all the rumors, so when he storms into her office, she is all too willing to fight. He's ranting about some horrific faux pas she's made, some terrible misinterpretation of god knows what. She meets his fire with her usual ice, and it sets him off, predictably. He's nearly shouting then, telling her his company has no time, nor does it have space, for her attitude, her lack of decorum. She reminds him, \"Jonathan, darling , I believe this company is not solely your own. I do believe there were certain promises made, certain contracts signed, a board you answer to. And I don't see you doing half of the work I do, nor do you even pretend to.\" Her voice is just dripping with disdain and he, not for the first time, wonders what else this is actually about. His own frustration at her unwillingness to step down, to submit to him, only hinders him as he tries to think of a response. She's always been quicker, smarter, more acidic. She's always ready to slash his ideas to ribbons with that razor of a tongue. \"I understand once you were given your important title, your entire sense of self changed, but Jonathan, you're just as replaceable as anyone.\" Juliette crosses her arms over her chest, daring him to try again. He attempts to argue, weakly at best. \"How dare you-\" \"How dare I?\" she gives him an incredulous look. \"How dare I?\" she repeats, her laughter hollow and he cringes at the sound. He's quite possibly the pettiest person Juliette has ever known. Petty and so god damn insecure. \"Don't,\" she holds up a hand, not interested in whatever barrage of false accusations Jonathan has lined up for her. \"I have work to do.\" \"As if I don't?\" he steps closer and she can see the anger in his eyes. She's always been able to push him past the point of anger, it's one of her less appealing skills, one that just grates on his nerves. \"No,\" she says simply, wondering for the briefest of moments if that answer would merit any sort of resolution. \"You're on your way to that little Italian place. You'll eat, have a drink, maybe a little dessert... No, my mistake, you'll take dessert to Kathleen's. You're done working for the day.\" His eyes widen for a moment and he tries to brush her off, \"You don't know what you're talking about.\" \"I know exactly what I'm talking about,\" she rolls her eyes. She plays his game far too often, she realizes, always fighting back with nothing. \"Everyone's heard by now. Secrets are hard to keep.\" \"Damn it, Juliette. It's none of your business.\" \"Of course it isn't. According to you, I have no business anywhere right now.\" \"That's not what I meant,\" his voice softens and she knows now would be a good time to let it go. But she can't. \"Or is it? It's clear you think you can do everything yourself. Why don't you teach all the students, hm? Why don't you deal with this pile of paperwork? No, you're too busy courting the prettiest prima who bats her eyelashes at you.\" \"Don't,\" Jonathan steps forward, trying to stop her. \"It's a tired act, Jonathan. You did it with me, you did it with her, and all the other dancers in between.\" \"You were more than that, Jules, you know that.\" His use of her old nickname cuts straight to her heart and she can feel herself weakening with each passing second. But two can play that game. \"So why am I on this side of things, sweetheart ?\" \"Because you ended it.\" \"You weren't going to fall in love with me. You didn't love me any more than you love Kathleen.\" \"Juliette, you're being ridiculous.\" \"Just stop lying to me. And do yourself a favor, and stop lying to yourself about whatever it is you felt for me. Because it sure as hell wasn't love.\" It takes him less than a second and he's centimeters away from her, his arm around her waist. She's still glaring up at him but he can feel the way her breath catches once he's close. \"Jonathan, stop it.\" He doesn't say anything, just presses his lips to hers, pulls her close. He knows he's playing a dangerous game, but he also knows she'll give in. She'll give in like she always does. And give in she does, quicker than he thought. She struggles for a moment, her hands solid against his chest, but she opens her lips to his tongue and her arms wrap themselves around his neck. He pushes her up against the desk, his hips press tightly against hers and she can't stifle the moan that slips from her parted lips. \"Jonathan,\" she murmurs against his lips, still holding onto whatever is left of her dignity. \"Jules,\" he gives a soft groan, his hands moving up and down her sides, itching for the warmth of her skin. She finally relents, losing herself completely and she knows he can feel her surrender. His hands are at the shoulders of her leotard and he's tugging the cotton from her shoulders. His fingertips brush against the soft skin of her shoulders, her upper arms and he pushes the fabric further. She shivers in the cool air of her office and she moans when his hands cup her breasts. \"Jules, I missed you,\" he mumbles, his hips moving against hers. That does it. She knows exactly what this is, and then she's pushing him away and pulling up the sleeves of her leotard. His words are all too sobering and she can feel her heart pounding in her chest. He tries again, leaning in and pressing his lips to hers. She nearly slaps him, but pushes him away all the same. Jonathan stumbles back, his eyes widening once realization hits. She can't keep her lip from curling, revulsion evident on her face as she steps back. He's always been a damn fool, that she knows, but she never quite understood before. \"Shit,\" is his mumbled response, his eyes averted. \"Juliette,\" he steps forward again, grasping her elbow in his warm hand. \"No,\" she says firmly. \"No,\" she doesn't move, she can't. She's paralyzed, completely unable to move, let alone think, but she knows she'll rip him limb from limb if he touches her again. She's still so naive sometimes, still so willing to believe everything is fine and innocent. It's why she always listens to him, why she's still his friend. The only thing that's changed is the intimacy. They've always been entirely separate, even when they were together. It's just that he was almost honest with her then. And now, he's not. They don't touch often, she's much colder than she used to be, and they merely nod their greetings. But sometimes they slip, sometimes she feels the warmth and weight of his hand at her lower back, and sometimes he kisses her on the forehead. Sometimes he thinks she's still his. ","Summary":" Juliette has heard all the rumors, so when he storms into her office, she is all too willing to fig"},{"Movie":"Center Stage","Title":"Cinderella's new life","Author":"Lara Boger","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6121986","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: The characters in \"Center Stage: Turn It Up! Does not belong to me. They are owned by Carol fanfic is not for profit. Note: This is my first fanfic written in English. Please forgive me for any possible errors. Note 2: This story had already been posted before, but made a small mistake to change it and I ended up deleting the site. Sorry for any inconvenience. Cinderella's new life From the parking for the stage... Yes, Kate Parker. How the life changed… changed and a lot. I really growed. I'm where want do be, where always wanted. Where deserve. Modesty? This is not be in my mind. I'll be hypocrite if acting so. I'm fight for this my whole life, I'm prepared for this of the way that I can. I deserve this stage, deserve the roses and the claps. I deserve the Johnathan Reeves acknowledge and the proposal that he made. Deserve the American Ballet scholarship… and I know that be just student. I know that this is my goal, and neither pass in my mind accept less. I'm obstinate and sometimes selfish. I hurt people for be so, but I never had time for be cool. If I want my dream, to be from that way, however my own stubbornness nearly take me off the game. For a little I to give up for fear from hear not , as if I'm coward. Nearly I'm go away any return for my old life. I know was vain for believe that just my skills that will do. I was prepotent point by insult people that I love just for to not hear not. Now, I'm thankfull for my sister Bella for have like example someone so defect like me, what persist in me by way so pure! And me to do proceed forward. My youngest sister ever be my reason. I'm wish to fulfil my dream not just for me, but for she. I want to shows Bella that she made anything in spite off all and everybody. And now she know. I'm too thankfull for Tommy: my pupil, my partner, my boyfriend. For your understanding, your insist. He'snt satisfisfy in understand, but too in teach. Toomy search fire, passion. The dance aren't technique and precision: are chemistry, strength, life. He wants that I teach and I was learn. And my passion bring me here. Now, I'm the stage, seeing the empty theatre, appreciating everything that I feeling: pain, torpor, fatigue, euphoria, gratitude… for all that conquested. - Hey, Kate! You're to stay stopped? We haven't all time of the world, Cinderella. I see for back and he's here. He's smiling and me too. We're not having all time of world, There an party for to go. Can seem madness to go an party after dance in the stage, but cannot leave the opportunity to pass. Not is an any part. Is am Monica Strauss party: director of ballet that finished to dance. I'm tired, but want to make every second. Because is the first day of my new life and I want all. I'm not wast my clothes and my shoes. - I'm to go! - Yes, all right. Monica is waiting in the limousine. Wait! I'm to go! I see one more time for the empty theatre, and breathe this air, feeling the good smell… smells of the stage. My place: the stage. I born for be here. And where to stay. And now I'm preparing. All that I always want is my reach. An new life now begins. ","Summary":" Disclaimer: The characters in \"Center Stage: Turn It Up! Does not belong to me. They are owned by "},{"Movie":"Center Stage","Title":"Waiting For The Dawn","Author":"ModernScribe","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5276338","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: I am as likely the owner of this film as I am a ballerina and as my sister will vouch for me, I am definitely not a ballerina. Spoilers: Major subtle spoilers for pretty much the whole movie. You could conceivably read it without having seen the film, but some of it might go over your head. Warning: Severe mushiness and drama alert! Like you'll need a shovel to get through this. Waiting For The Dawn From the moment we first held hands, I knew I had found my fire for she was my sun, the center of my universe. Dancing with her, I was invincible. I could do anything with her in my arms. I lifted her to the heavens and I could swear I was already there. With every sauté I flew and every saut de basque I floated. I was her Sistine Chapel and she was my Michelangelo, just as I was her Da Vinci and she was my Mona Lisa. She was more than my partner; she was my sun. My other partner--the one my teacher assigned to me--never knew that as I lifted her, I pictured another's face. The empty walls of placid gray would melt and fade, becoming walls of brick and steel. That was my true home and my true heart. I lived for the night when my sun would be mine. During the day, I danced. During the night, I flew. There she was above me, smiling that perfect smile, glowing that perfect glow. She was the definition of beauty, the image of perfection. She was Aphrodite in mortal form; my goddess through and through. At night as she lay sleeping, I'd look down upon her flawless skin. I'd watch her sleep and I could swear that she had no mortal match. Through rose-colored eyes I watched her and in black clothes I let her go. My sun hid behind the clouds and the world seemed darker for it. But as it sets, so doth it rise. So here I stand, waiting for the dawn. A/N: It really irritated me that there were no Center Stage 2 fanfics here, so I decided to write my own. Usually I'd write a poem, but nothing was coming to me. I kind of got a little poetic towards the end though, I suppose. What can I say; prose has never really been my thing. ","Summary":" Disclaimer: I am as likely the owner of this film as I am a ballerina and as my sister will vouch f"},{"Movie":"Center Stage","Title":"Notre petite étoile","Author":"MadMeary","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13207536","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Joyeuse Saint-Valentin même si ce drabble n'a rien à voir avec cette fête. Center Stage est à Nicholas Hytner. Notre petite étoile Jody croyait que le plus grand bonheur de sa vie avait été son rôle de soliste dans la compagnie de son petit-ami Cooper Nielson. Elle avait pensé que le plus beau moment de sa vie avait été la demande en mariage de Cooper à Venise et le jour de la célébration quelques mois plus tard qui avait eu lieu dans sa ville de naissance. Elle était convaincu que les événements qui avaient marqué son existence étaient les voyages qu'elles avaient fait en compagnie de son mari. Ces moments avaient été merveilleux et lui étaient très chers mais le moment le plus magique (et le plus douloureux) de sa vie, celui qui surpassait tous les autres, avait été le jour où elle avait mis au monde leur fille Jade Nielson. Cette petite fille sublime avec ses boucles blondes et ses yeux bleus ciel, qui pour le plus grand malheur de sa mère grandissait trop vite. Elle avait six ans, et aujourd'hui elle et Cooper étaient venus assister à son spectacle organisé par son école de danse. Si Jade le voulait elle pourrait devenir une très grande danseuse, bien meilleure qu'elle qui n'avait soit disant pas d'avenir dans cet art. Sa plus belle réussite c'était elle, ce petit être qui a seulement la faisait déjà rê mouvements étaient agiles, légers et gracieux, et elle ne semblait produire aucun effort pour les exécuter. Jody la regardait avec admiration et fierté, son bébé serait une star un jour elle en était certaine, et se serait elle qui mettrait des étoiles dans les yeux des spectateurs qui viendraient pour la voir. ","Summary":" Joyeuse Saint-Valentin même si ce drabble n'a rien à voir avec cette fête. Center Stage est à Nicho"},{"Movie":"Center Stage","Title":"Untitled","Author":"hoovahoopah","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9459070","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \"Jonathan.\" It's not a question, it never is. \"Yes?\" he looks up from the royalty paperwork. Juliette stands in the doorway, bag slung over her shoulder, a shawl dangling from her arms. She looks almost amused, but he knows far better. She gives him a faint smile, waiting for an invitation. \"Have a seat?\" he finally sits up fully, taking off his glasses and leaning back in his desk chair. \"I don't exactly have time -\" She cuts him off, one hand raised in understanding, \"I know. I know.\" She sits in a chair facing him and sets her bag on the floor. \"I think,\" she starts slowly, testing the waters. \"Eva Rodriguez,\" she looks up for confirmation that he's truly heard her. \"What about her, Jul?\" he seems exasperated already. \"She's good,\" she says firmly, ignoring the use of her nickname. He only uses it when he's irritated or when he'd like to get her off his back. Or when he needs a favor. She's learned. \"So?\" he's back down in his paperwork, not even bothering to look at her. \"Jonathan, really?\" she crosses her arms over her chest, thoroughly unamused. He's so rarely in good spirits when spring pushes through Manhattan. It means season announcements, the workshop, selecting new company members, firing old ones. And while he trusts Juliette, he does, he truly does, he refuses to relinquish any ounce of decision making. \"Jul,\" he sighs, signing a few documents before meeting her eyes again. \"What do you want me to do? It's not as if I can recast, re-choreograph, or... whatever you'd have asked,\" he waves his pen-wielding hand dismissively. \"You weren't going to ask, were you?\" he pauses in thought, nearly terrified at the idea that he may not know her quite as well as he thought. \"No,\" she says pointedly, getting more frustrated with each passing second. \"We have this discussion every spring, Jonathan.\" \"No, we don't,\" is his childish reply and he eventually closes the folder of legal information laid out before him. \"What is it you're really after then?\" \"Give her a spot,\" Juliette crosses her arms over her chest, eyebrows raising in challenge. \"This couldn't wait,\" he drags a hand down his face. \"It's late, go get some rest.\" \"I could say the same to you,\" she looks slightly concerned. \"I saw Kathleen wandering the halls a while ago.\" \"She's got a late rehearsal,\" he leans back again, paperwork forgotten as he finally smiles at her. \"The Glass,\" he nods, remembering the name of the piece he'd scheduled for the next gala. \"It's really just magnificent.\" She smiles fondly, \"I know, I saw a bit yesterday. It reminded me of that strange little piece we did in '89.\" \"Ah, yes,\" he chuckles, the flesh-colored unitards all too clear in his memory. \"We were almost young then,\" he smiles wistfully. \"It's been twenty-five years we've known each other, Juliette.\" They don't do this often, it's better left unsaid. It's been years. But she remembers how happy they'd been, how they'd taken care of each other somehow. She supposes it's something she'll always remember. She'd been a principal, the principal, and so had he. And once old age had set in, they both taught... that is, until he was promoted. And suddenly it was all too clear to Juliette. Happily ever after was going to have to come from someone else, something else. Or maybe old age had made her too haggard to truly make Jonathan happy. \"What are you working on?\" she nods toward the papers. \"Just final paperwork for our next season,\" his eyes gleam and she knows he's already given Kathleen some life-altering roles to dance this year. \"It's going to be different next year,\" she muses softly, her mind wandering to the rumors she's heard whispered in the hallways, the dressing rooms. \"It's always different,\" he scans the top of his desk. \"You heading home?\" Juliette nods, gathering her things again, \"It's getting late.\" ","Summary":" \"Jonathan.\" It's not a question, it never is. \"Yes?\" he looks up from the royalty paperwork. Ju"},{"Movie":"Center Stage","Title":"Passion","Author":"Painted Daisy","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4772261","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Have you ever desired something to such an extent that it's kept you up at night, literally killing you inside, because you feel like you'll never win it. Have you ever tried so hard, feet bleeding, and legs shaking, arms tired, and head aching. And you swear to all that is good and holy, if you dance another eight count you'll die on the spot? Have you ever been so passionate about a song that you feel like there's no possible way you could ever express it in movement... And then out of nowhere u2028comes the most beautiful and inspiring choreography you've ever done? Have you ever felt so over worked and tired, After all the hours and hours of the cliche blood, sweat and tears, and more Excedrin than you think is legal, you hear a critic say that they don't like your concept, and you just want to give up right thereu2028but then you have an epiphany and wonder, \"What does it matter what they think?\" Because thats your heart on that stage, and you know it belongs there. And after all the pain, failures, and hours you worku2028you know that it'll all be worth it... Because dance is your passion.u2028And no one can ever take that away from you. I wrote this after receiving a bit of harsh criticism at a choreography session I was working in the other day. It's really difficult to have something that you put your heart and soul into judged harshly, when they might not really get the concept anyway. Regardless, I'd really like to hear what you all think, reviews are always appreciated :o) ","Summary":" Have you ever desired something to such an extent that it's kept you up at night, literally killing"},{"Movie":"Center Stage","Title":"Brother of the Pussy Ballerina","Author":"ModernScribe","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5277168","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: I cannot tell a lie: it isn't mine. More's the pity aye? Spoilers: None really. As usual though, it would help if you have seen the film. Brother of the Pussy Ballerina When my older brother told me he was quitting hockey to become a ballerina of all things, to say I was shocked is an understatement. My brother had been my hero for as long as I could remember. He, an all-state hockey champion, had inspired me to play hockey myself. Everyone in school knew me as Tommy the hockey star's little brother. What would they call me now? The brother of the pussy ballerina? \"You're not…uh…gay are you?\" I asked my brother slowly. My brother just laughed. \"I think if I were gay, it would have shown before now.\" \"Well, you did get those girly earrings,\" I said hesitantly. \"Hey, I thought you liked my studs!\" I didn't answer. A worse thought had just occurred to me. \"You won't have to wear tights will you?\" I was almost afraid of the answer. Imagine my jock brother wearing tights! God that was scary. Shake it off. Shake it off. \"That's kind of a requirement,\" he said with a condescending lift of his eyebrow and a shrug. \"Believe me, if I could dance in boxers I'd be much happier. But I have to say, after a while you get used to it. It's a bit like wearing really tight spandex except not as tacky.\" \"Oh, and that doesn't make you sound gay. When have you had the chance to wear spandex anyway?\" Tommy punched me playfully on my shoulder. \"Shut up you brat. I can still take you down.\" \"You and what orchestra?\" \"The New York Philharmonic, smart ass,\" he said without a pause. \"Clever, August Rush. Clever.\" \"Laugh now, little brother, but one day you might just feel differently.\" \"You mean about you becoming a ballerina? I don't think so.\" \"I mean you may want to follow in my footsteps.\" I looked at him blankly. \"I promise you, I will never, ever, want to become a tutu wearing ballerina.\" \"Wannah bet?\" Tommy asked, both eyebrows raised in challenge. \"And by the way, girls wear tutus.\" \"Yeah, you've had one too many concussions.\" \"My point exactly.\" That was two years ago. Since then I had actively avoided going to any of my older brother's performances. I was sure the experience would scar me for life and I wanted to preserve my innocence for as long as possible. That and I was not entirely convinced tutus really were reserved for women only and the sight of my idol wearing one was sure to send me into therapy for the rest of my life. Tonight though, I had finally let my parents convince me to go to Tommy's opening performance of his first major and lead role in the production \"The Glass Slipper.\" For the first few minutes, I mostly avoided looking at the stage and attempted to resist bobbing my head to the surprisingly good pop music. Apparently the New York Philharmonic was occupied elsewhere tonight. I had, however, glanced up when my brother (not that I'd admit it was my brother if anyone asked) made his entrance. Thankfully he wasn't wearing a tutu, but he was wearing skin colored tights that made him look naked. One glance was all it took before I hid my face in shame. A good fifteen minutes after that, I felt my mother nudge my arm. \"Pay attention!\" Her stage whisper was so loud that the person in front of us looked back with a warning glare. I stuck my tongue out at him. Mature, I know, but he'd been snobby all evening so I think I had the right. Damn ballet junkies. And then I caught sight of the stage. Two people were dancing in the spotlight. I recognized my brother as one and I assumed the second was his Cinderella. She was wearing a blue costume that actually looked rather pretty while he was still wearing his exposing tights. They were both wearing masks. They moved like flowing water, jumping and swaying across the stage. At that moment I got what was so beautiful about ballet and why my brother had given up his dream sport for it. I was transfixed, my eyes glued to the stage. It was like nothing I'd seen before. It was a long time before I even noticed my mouth was hanging open. As the show ended with a kiss between my brother and his co-star, I didn't even think to whisper something stupid like \"No PDA's please\" to my father like I usually would have. I was still in shock from my realization. After the show, we went backstage to congratulate Tommy. I beat my parents to him. Fastening a casual expression on my face, I said to him, \"You weren't as bad as I thought you'd be, Billy Elliot.\" Tommy laughed. \"That means a lot coming from you, pipsqueak.\" His smile was infectious. \"Jerk,\" I said, looking away. Just then my eyes caught on a girl a year or two younger than I standing a little way away from the female lead. I sauntered up to her. \"Of all the gin joints, in all the towns, in all the world, what are you doing here?\" I asked with a cheeky grin. Quoting the classics always got a girl's attention. Made them think you were deep or something. Much more macho than complementing her form or something equally lame. She just looked at me. \"For your information, I'm here because my sister is the lead.\" \"Oh really? My brother is too! What a coincidence!\" I said with a little too much enthusiasm. That got her attention. \"You're Tommy's little brother?\" She asked. \"The one and only.\" \"Tommy's a wonderful dancer. You're really lucky to have him as brother.\" \"Well your sister's not too bad herself.\" \"I know. She promised to teach me when she has time. She's already given me a few lessons. I want to be just like her one day.\" I looked at my brother, who was currently kissing my companion's sister, and thought about what I had witnessed back at the theater. He was right; my opinion had changed. \"Yeah, me too,\" I responded. A/N: I was thinking about what it would be like if I were told by my brother (if I had one) that he was quitting sports to become a ballerina and the start of this story came out. I know in the film Tommy makes it clear that he doesn't really want his brother to become a ballerina like him, but since when do younger siblings ever do what their elders tell them to do? Besides, I kind of leave it open how exactly he wants to be like him. Let's just say there's a double meaning in that. It's really up to you to decide what he meant. Embedded Quote Tip: Humphrey Bogart ","Summary":" Disclaimer: I cannot tell a lie: it isn't mine. More's the pity aye? Spoilers: None really. As usua"},{"Movie":"Center Stage","Title":"A nova vida de Cinderella","Author":"Lara Boger","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5412728","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: Os personagens de \"Sob a Luz da Fama: o poder da paixão\" (Center Stage: Turn it Up!) não me pertencem. Eles são de propriedade de Carol Heikkinen . Essa fanfic não tem fins lucrativos. A nova vida de Cinderella Do estacionamento para os palcos... É, Kate Parker. Como a vida mudou... mudou e muito. Como você cresceu. Eu realmente cresci. Estou onde quero estar, onde sempre quis. Onde mereço. Modéstia? Isso nem passa pela minha cabeça nesse momento. Eu seria hipócrita se agisse assim. Lutei por isso a minha vida toda, me preparei pra isso do jeito que dava. Eu mereci esse palco, mereci as rosas e os aplausos. Mereci o reconhecimento de Johnattan Reeves e a proposta que ele me fez. Mereci a bolsa para estudar no American Ballet e sei que não vou ficar só como aluna. Sei que este é o meu caminho e nem me passa pela cabeça descansar e aceitar menos que o meu objetivo. Sou teimosa, e as vezes até egoísta. Magoei pessoas por agir assim, mas nunca tive tempo pra ser boazinha. Se eu quisesse meu sonho teria de ser desse jeito, embora saiba que a minha própria teimosia quase me tirou do jogo. Por pouco eu desisti perante uma perspectiva de nova rejeição, como se eu fosse uma covarde. Quase fui embora e voltei para a vida que eu tinha, quase desisti do meu sonho por puro medo de ferir meu ego e ser rejeitada mais uma vez. Sei que fui pretenciosa ao achar que só o meu talento bastaria. Fui arrogante a ponto de destratar as pessoas que amo só para não ouvir um não . E agora sou grata a eles por não terem me deixado desistir. Sou grata a minha irmã Bella, por ter como espelho alguém tão falha quanto eu, por ter insistido em mim de forma tão pura a ponto de me fazer seguir adiante. Minha irmã mais nova sempre foi a minha razão. Eu quis realizar o meu sonho não apenas por mim, mas também por ela. Queria mostrar a Bella que ela poderia ser tudo que sonhasse apesar de tudo e de todos. E agora ela sabe disso. E sou grata a Tommy: meu aluno, meu partner, meu namorado. Sua compreensão e sua insistência. Um aluno que não se contentou somente a aprender, mas também a me ensinar. Tommy procurava fogo, paixão. A dança não era somente técnica e precisão, mas também química, força, vida. Ele queria que eu o ensinassem mas fui eu quem aprendi. E minha paixão me trouxe até aqui. Agora estou no palco, vendo o teatro quase vazio, apreciando cada sensação deste momento: dor, torpor, cansaço, euforia , gratidão por tudo que conquistei. - Ei, Kate!? Vai ficar aí parada? Não temos todo o tempo do mundo, Cinderella! Olho para a trás e o encontro. Ele estava sorrindo e eu sorri também, não temos todo o tempo do mundo, não dessa vez. Tínhamos uma festa a nossa espera. Pode parecer loucura enfrentar uma festa logo depois de dançar aquele espetáculo. Estou exausta, dolorida, sinto que mal consigo andar. Porém, não podemos deixar a oportunidade passar. Não é uma busca qualquer. É um evento de Monica Strauss, diretora e coreógrafa do ballet que acabamos de dançar. Estou exausta, mas quero aproveitar cada segundo do que conquistei. Por que é o primeiro dia da minha nova vida, e eu quero tudo. Não vou desperdiçar a minha roupa e os meus sapatos de festa. - Estou indo, engraçadinho. - Tá, tudo bem. A Monica Strauss está nos esperando na limusine. - Espera um pouco, eu já estou indo. Olho novamente para o teatro vazio. Respiro fundo aquele ar, sinto aquele cheiro bom... o cheiro do palco. O meu lugar é o palco. Nasci para estar aqui, e é aqui onde estou. E onde vou ficar. E agora me preparo. Tudo aquilo que eu sempre quis está ao meu alcance. Ao alcance de Kate Parker, a filha do Bill, o maior frequentador de loterias de Chicago. A garota que dançava nos estacionamentos e aprendeu a dançar assistindo espetáculos na televisão. Era essa garota que ia realizar o maior sonho da vida. Essa garota sou eu. É a minha vida que começa agora. Fim ","Summary":" Disclaimer: Os personagens de \"Sob a Luz da Fama: o poder da paixão\" (Center Stage: Turn it Up!) "},{"Movie":"Center Stage","Title":"Atitude","Author":"Lara Boger","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5428928","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: Os personagens de \"Sob a Luz da Fama\" (Center Stage) não me pertencem. Eles são de propriedade de Carol Heikkinen . Essa fanfic não tem fins lucrativos. Attitude Noite, madrugada. Sentada no chão, em meio a caixas abertas, ela parecia perdida em recordações. Sempre fazia isso quando sua vida estava prestes a mudar, e não seria diferente dessa vez. A garota recordava, refletia, lembrava-se de tudo sem omitir nada de si. Naquele momento a jovem loira tinha seus olhos claros fixos na delicada sapatilha vermelha que estava em suas mãos. Seu olhar era nostálgico, mas não triste. Um olhar de quem sentia saudades de um tempo que já havia passado: oito anos. Parecia muito, mas era capaz de lembrar como se tudo tivesse acontecido há apenas poucos dias. Aqueles dias como aluna no American Ballet Company eram marcantes demais para esquecer, tanto para o bem quanto para o mal. Fora difícil... Jody Sawyner ouviu muitas coisas que a fizeram se sentir a pior pessoa do mundo. A falta de técnica, a extensão ruim, o biotipo errado, pés ruins. Nunca conseguiria realizar o sonho de ser uma bailarina perfeita da ABC. Quando pensava nisso, lembrava-se da opinião dos seus pais sobre aquilo que julgavam ser uma aventura. Eles queriam que ela fosse para uma faculdade, chegaram a torcer para que não passasse no teste de seleção da companhia quando Jody só pensava que essa era a melhor coisa na sua vida. Mas era jovem demais, sonhadora demais para entender que não seria como antes. Ela achava que seria como nas antigas academias onde estudara, onde era a melhor. Não pensou que pudesse ser diferente: mais difícil. Jody deixara o favoritismo para se tornar um patinho feio, alguém que deveria fazer o dobro para estar num nível no mínimo aceitável. Não lhe faltara disposição para se dedicar e finalmente ser notada sem que um adjetivo ruim pudesse desqualificar sua performance, mas parecia impossível após descobrir que corria o risco de sequer ser escalada para o workshop do fim do ano. Isso significaria o fim de uma carreira que sequer havia começado. O fim de seus sonhos, que pareciam a cada dia mais distantes, mas aquilo tinha mudado ao conhecer Cooper Nielsen. Ele a vira dançar e gostara. Não pareceu se importar com tantas falhas. Fez Jody pensar que aquelas coisas pudessem não ser verdade... que existia quem apreciasse sua dança. Apenas pensar, sem ter grandes certezas. Deitara-se com Cooper por impulso, sem saber sobre as chances de ele ter uma parte no workshop. No dia seguinte, descobriu que fora selecionada por ele para ser a protagonista de sua coreografia. Descobriu-se atraída por ele depois daquela noite, julgou que tinham algum compromisso e se viu sozinha ao descobrir que aquilo não passara de sexo para ele. Mais certezas que haviam caído: ele só lhe dera o papel por causa daquela noite? Muita coisa para apenas uma garota. Agora era capaz de rir ao pensar nisso, mas na verdade fora um pesadelo. O seu mundo estava ruindo sem que pudesse fazer algo para evitar. Tudo que queria era provar as pessoas que elas estavam erradas: Jody Sawyner tinha talento, Jody Sawyner poderia ser uma bailarina. Queria provar isso também para si mesma. E aquele workshop... nunca dançara daquela forma. Nunca mais fora capaz de sentir aquela ansiedade, aquela euforia por entrar no palco. Talvez por aquela necessidade de provar algo, de se mostrar capaz. Os passos vieram de forma tão natural, que era como se os tivesse feito a vida toda. Parecia instinto. Ela se sentira viva naquele palco, provando a todos que podia. E naquele momento não se importava se conseguiria entrar para a ABC, ter uma daquelas três vagas pelas quais cada garota seria capaz de matar. Simplesmente não fazia diferença. Suas conquista foram bônus inesperado. Não imaginava que pudesse se envolver com Charlie, que era o sua partner e melhor amigo dentro daquela academia. Não sabia que Cooper Nielsen tinha planos de montar uma companhia para si. Muito menos que ele conseguiria ter esses planos realizados e que ele a quisesse como a primeira bailarina. A estrela. Aceitara. E em pouco tempo já estava de volta aos estúdios de dança, mas agora como profissional de uma companhia promissora. Não era uma aluna, e nem uma iniciante. Estar ali não era arriscar demais. Era bem mais do que poderia sonhar, já que antes mal tinha expectativas de continuar dançando. Além disso Cooper era um dos melhores bailarinos do mundo, tinha nome e talento. Era seguro. Só não podia prever que Cooper contrataria alguém para ajudar com seus problemas de técnica e extensão. Que sua jornada seria maior que a de todos os dançarinos e mal conseguiriam dormir mais de quatro horas por noite. Não pôde prever também que não conseguiria tirar aquele pretensioso de sua mente. Que era ele quem queria e não Charlie. Que Charlie era o cara certo na hora errada, pois não era a ele quem amava. Que embarcaria num relacionamento com Cooper, mesmo que fosse uma nova furada. E, se comparasse com Charlie, chegaria a conclusão de que Cooper Nielsen era o cara errado para todas as horas. Cafajeste, bom vivant , alma de artista. Ele simplesmente sentia as coisas de outra forma. Não poderia esperar nada mais dele que momentos calientes. Ainda assim: investiu, insistiu e se uniram, depois de anos de muitas idas e vindas. Moravam juntos, apenas intensificando a convivência que já era inevitável. Coreógrafo e bailarina. Marido e mulher? Não. Estavam mais para amantes. Amantes que se encontravam em casa todos os dias. O bastante para ambos. Até muito para Jody que sabia como ele era. Talvez fosse o máximo que poderia obter dele. Jamais pensaria em reclamar disso. E no mais, sua vida era somente a dança. Era para isso que vivia, e estava dançando melhor do que nunca. Dessa vez seu esforço rendera frutos, seus ensaios exaustivos chegaram a algum lugar, o bastante para que seus pés ruins não fossem levados em consideração. Havia melhorado o bastante para receber elogios de quem entendia de dança, mas não o bastante para ballet clássico. Estava consciente dos seus defeitos, da sua distância daquilo que se considerava perfeição, assim como Margot Fonteyn. O nome daquela que usou para argumentar em sua defesa quando Reeves lhe chamou para conversar e listou os seus defeitos, alegando ser melhor desistir da dança. Lembrava de ter apelado usando aquele nome, já que mesmo sendo uma diva, Fonteyn estava longe da perfeição sobre técnica. Reeves lhe dissera que quando Margot estava no palco as pessoas não conseguiam deixar de olha-la, e esse tipo de coisa não podia ser ensinada. Era algo que nem todos tinham. E agora era comparada justamente a ela. Quem diria? Jody Sawyner era uma estrela por simplesmente fazer o que amava. Sem amarras, ou obstáculos. Tudo aquilo acontecera para que ela crescesse. Todas as más palavras em voz alta, toda aquela austeridade e rigidez. Para que Jody nunca esquecesse de trabalhar duro, nunca achasse que era suficiente e se visse como superior. Esse era um erro que deveria ficar no passado. Nunca esqueceria do que era estar fora do auge, ou do choque quando descobrira que nem tudo eram flores ou que o caminho não seria tão fácil quanto acreditava. Humildade. Esta fora sua maior lição. E agora estava frente a mais uma grande mudança. - No que está pensando aí, Jody? – a voz suave de Cooper interrompeu seus pensamentos, assim como as mãos quentes que envolveram sua cintura. Ele se sentara junto a ela, abraçando-a discretamente. - Desculpe, Cooper. Te acordei? - Não, eu não estava mesmo com sono. – respondeu, e Jody não pode deixar de pensar que a resposta fosse óbvia. – Ainda não respondeu a pergunta. - Nada demais. Apenas... lembrando. - Pensando sobre a proposta da ABC? - É, um pouco. - Como assim um pouco? O seu sonho sempre foi entrar pra ABC. E agora você tem a chance de ser a estrela. - Mas você... - Jody: se está em dúvida por mim, eu não me importo que você vá. Não é culpa sua se aquilo aconteceu com a companhia. Tem que seguir sua carreira adiante, da mesma forma que farei com a minha. A companhia de Cooper falira. Falta de patrocínio: seu dono era temperamental demais para aceitar sugestões. E como era de se esperar, havia conseqüências. O fim de um sonho? Não para eles. A companhia era famosa, de modo que poucos ficariam a ver navios. Cooper Nielsen também não via aquilo como um fim, apenas uma pausa. Era famoso o bastante para se superar frente ao que achava um percalço. Jody também era famosa o bastante para voar sozinha: inclusive ao ponto de realizar o seu sonho. Johnathan Reeves, o mesmo que lhe disse grandes verdades, lhe convidara para integrar a American Ballet Company. Não como alguém do corpo de baile para ficar no fundo do palco, mas sim uma estrela. Porém, a jovem relutava. Não queria ofender a quem amava. Seu sonho de criança sobre ser uma bailarina perfeita não parecia ser mais importante do que a opinião daquele que lhe dera a primeira chance e fora o responsável por tudo. - Aceite. Essa é uma oportunidade única. Não se sinta mal em aceitar. - É como se eu estivesse te traindo. - Me traindo? Que bobagem, não existe traição aqui. Quando a companhia voltar, e se você quiser, será bem vinda. A estrela sempre será você. Mas até que isso aconteça, precisa continuar. Tem que fazer o que for melhor pra si. Sim, muita coisa havia mudado em oito anos. Sua vida inteira. Tudo o que queria nas mãos, e o medo de embarcar. Adrenalina, mesmo que não estivesse no palco. Finalmente: estava sentindo mesma ansiedade do workshop, a mesma força que a moveu em direção ao que era agora. E agora, lhe moveria em direção a tudo que lhe esperava. Tudo o que merecia e pelo qual lutara. Já era capaz de se sentir novamente como aquela menina que aguardava ansiosa para dançar na primeira grande apresentação. A mesma atitude. Estava segura. E isso era tudo o que bastava. Fim ","Summary":" Disclaimer: Os personagens de \"Sob a Luz da Fama\" (Center Stage) não me pertencem. Eles são de pr"},{"Movie":"Center Stage","Title":"Zero in a Thousand","Author":"AnnaChase","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/3349619","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Zero in a Thousand Cooper Nielson had not always been so arrogant; once he had been an insecure boy, scared of things in life he was supposed to find exciting. Years of ambition and success had turned him into the man he now was. Even the break-up with Kathleen Donahue, whom he'd considered the love of his life, did not seem to affect him bad enough to turn him into that little boy again. Perhaps not Kathleen, but the ballet was the true love of his life. It had certainly been his first love, even though when Cooper was much younger and the people around him did not yet understand his passion. They ought ballet to be for little six- year old girls in pink tutus. Of the possibility of a future at the ballet for their son, Cooper's parents had never though; it was simply incomprehensible to them. The only had one child, one son, who would become a successful lawyer in his father's firm one day, and not a performer! Especially not a performer of a girls-thing. However, they could not change Cooper's mind, and without the help of his family, he started to climb the ladder to the top, motivated only by his own longing to be on stage, the centre of attention. And it seemed enough, for he surely reached the top. And not just the top. Cooper was also facing a successful career as a choreographer and did well in helping Jonathan teach at the American Ballet Academy sometimes. He seemed to have it all; a successful career, money, good looks, and a nice home. Yet one thing was missing… Cooper was still alone. Sure, as soon as the rumours of his break-up with Kathleen had been confirmed he'd gotten even more attention from all the girls, and he'd also made us of that, but he was still alone. Several one-night-stands could not fill up the emptiness Kathleen had caused, for they were nothing but a distraught to him; ideas that made him think he was less lonely while in fact he was not at all. He spent his lonely days in London, dancing performances his heart wasn't really in. His heart was still with Kathleen. That is, till the day he met Susannah Wilkes. He met her at the Royal Ballet School, where he taught a few hours a week to make some extra money. She was beautiful and talented, yet only 18 years old, but very mature for her age in all senses of the word. He'd noticed her immediately and she had of course noticed him too, but it wasn't so hard to notice your good-looking, famous ballet teacher. Surprisingly, she'd shown some initiative and made the first step by asking Cooper to help her train some extra for an upcoming performance night. As usually when Cooper was involved in something like this, one thing led to an other, and it didn't take long before he'd started inviting her to his apartment. For the first time in a long while Cooper wasn't so sad anymore. He wasn't sure if he was in love with Susannah, but she sure made him feel happy and forget his broken heart. She was mending it. Because of all that, he didn't mind at all doing some things for her to help her dance career. After all she was very talented and had the potential to become a very successful ballerina one day. This after noon, Susannah would come over to his apartment as well and, childish or not, Cooper couldn't wait. When eventually the doorbell rang, a smile turned up on Cooper's face like he hadn't smiled in a long time. \"Hey\", he greeted her with a long kiss. Susannah returned the kiss with a big smile before she entered and took of her coat. \"Guess what?!\" Cooper looked at her expectantly. It was obvious now that this wasn't just a crush; he was madly in love with this girl! Days long, all he could think of were her golden blond hair, her ocean blue eyes, and the way her smile lit up his formerly dark world. \"That audition I had yesterday at school, for Carmen ?? I got the part!\" she happily exclaimed. \"See?!\" Cooper laughed along with her happy mood; when she was happy, he was happy. Very happy. He lifted her up in his strong arms and continued to kiss her. \"Thank you so much for recommending me, Cooper! You're wonderful!\" \"You could have done without those recommendations too, they would have seen your talent.\", Cooper said. He'd been all frustrated when he'd been the only one noticing her obvious talent, so he'd talked to some people to give her a chance. It may not have been considered real fair toward the other dancers at the audition, but his girl was worth it. The rest of the after noon, and then also the night, was spent in Cooper's bedroom, and he was a happy man again. He had the woman he desired so much in his arms; Kathleen was all forgotten, even though she'd once touched his heart so deep. Funny how much lighter and better the world seems to people who are in love. The next morning Cooper woke up as light shone through the curtains. It was a sunny day in May, and he couldn't wait to spend it with Susannah. Speaking of, she wasn't laying in bed with him anymore. She was probably in the bathroom. Cooper put on a pair of jeans and entered the bathroom. No Susannah either…, he was starting to get slightly suspicious. \"Susannah?\", he called out, checking out the living-room and the kitchen to see if maybe she'd got up to have breakfast already, but she wasn't there either. Strange, had she said anything about having to leave early? Cooper sat down on the couch and tried to recall the things she'd said last night. A lot of things, but he couldn't remember one of them being about leaving early. He did find a note on the coffee table, in Susannah's handwriting. Dear Cooper, We had a great time together, but you're just not the right guy for me, I'm sorry. We had a great time together. Xxx Susannah Pain and anger filled Cooper's heart. She'd just used him to get that ballet part she wanted! She hadn't loved him at all, hadn't even cared about him! He angrily threw the note, now perched up in a ball, to the floor. He'd made her love him. The bitch. He simply didn't understand, there were thousands of girls interested in him, but zero of those were sincere. ","Summary":" Zero in a Thousand Cooper Nielson had not always been so arrogant; once he had been an insecure boy"},{"Movie":"Center Stage","Title":"Passion","Author":"booklover69","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5009456","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Passion. Hi everyone, I amnbooklover69. I love the movie centre stage. That's why I am writingnthis fan fiction. It's my very first one and I am really excited!nPlease review. :D Chapter 1. Thenletter. The twenty-eighth ofnJanuary dawned clear and sunny. My favorite kind of weather. It wasnmy first day of year ten. School certificate time this year. My alarmnclock rang loudly hitting six- thirty. I opened my eyes. I had wokennup in a very good mood today. I switched off my alarm and went intonmy ensuite. My hair was a mess as it normally was when I woke up eachnmorning. I went to my wardrobe and pulled the doors back. I wasn'tntruly fussy with the way I looked but I liked to look presentable. Indecided to wear a floral dress. Once I had had anshower, done my hair and brushed my teeth it was seven-thirty. Incollected my school books and went over to my computer. No emails. Indecided to read my book. My family was made of my mother, my fathernand me. My father and I went downstairs at eight o'clock eachnmorning while my mother cooks breakfast at seven-thirty. We had anroutine each morning. I opened my door tonfind my father walking down the stairs. \"Morning, dad.\" Incalled after him. \"Excited about going back to work?\" My dad wasna teacher at an infant's school. \"Morning, Mol (shortnfor Molly).\" My dad said kissing me on the forehead. \"No I'mnnot excited, actually.\" We both started to laugh. My dad and Inwere like that. *** I was at school, it wasnlast period and there were two minutes until bell. I was with my bestnfriend, Halley. We were ready to go back to my house after school. Wenhad freshly printed Pieces of paper whichnsadly was homework. We were in P.E and were changed and ready to gonhome. The bell finally rang. \"Let's go while wencan.\" My friend grabbed my arm and off we went. I walk home fromnschool because there isn't a bus to take me home and my mum and dadnare at work. My mum works every afternoon at a pre-school. \"I have some freshngossip.\" My friend said like it was time she let it out. \"I'venhad it with me all day but I knew you would scream so I kept itnsecret. \" \"What is it?\" \"Jake Cable likesnyou.\" Halley was right. I did scream. He was the cutest guy and henwas really nice too. \"Oh my god. Really?\" \"Its true. He didn'tntell anyone but his friends and you know how they're like.\" Injust nodded. Half an hour later we arrived at my house. I let myselfnin and we ran into my bedroom. \"Are you sure henlikes me?\" I said for the millionth time. \"Positive.\" Halleynand I started on our homework. \"Halley I havensomething to tell you.\" Halley gave me a \"Tell me more\" look.n\"Well tomorrow I'm going home early because there's an auditionnto be a student at the Australian academy of dance.\" I had beenndancing ever since I was two years old and it was my passion. \"Oh myngod!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!\" Halley screamed. \"I know.\" Inscreamed back. *** It was seven o'clocknand I was at my jazz class. Jazz started at seven and everyone wasnstretching. Only Halley and my parents knew about the auditionnbecause if I didn't get the scholarship then everyone would knownbut if I get it then I would tell people. I danced as best I couldnbecause this was the routine I would dance for my audition. After class I saw mynmother at the door. \"Hey mum.\" \"Hey, how wasndancing?\" \"Good. How was workntoday?\" \"Great. The kids werennice.\" Once we had gotten homenI went into my room and checked my emails. I had one from Halley. To Mol Hey I didn't feelnlike calling but I just wanted to ask you. If you get the scholarshipnwill you ever come for visits and stuff? Halley. I replied quitencasually. To Hal, Yes I will come fornvisits as often as I can. Mol. I clicked send and thennwent to my mobile. Contacts . Inscrolled through. I knew Halley's number but I don't like typingnall the numbers. Halley: Call. She picked up straightnaway. \"Hey Mol.\" \"Hey Hal. I got yournemail and replied but I just wanted to say of course I'll visit.\" \"O.K then. I have tongo to bed. Bye Mol.\" \"See ya Hal.\" Inturned off my phone and put it on my bedside table and went to bed. *** I was in a long line ofnpeople waiting to audition. My dad had dropped me off at the academy.nI waited three hours until it was my turn. I introduced myself andnthen the music started. I danced as best I could and it must ofnworked because I got a standing ovation even the meanest judge, Omarnwas standing and clapping. I just smiled. It's all I could do. \"Wow.\" Said Marsha.n\"O.k. well we'll write you a letter in about a week if you'renone of the twenty going. O.K.\" \"Thanks.\" I said,npuffed. I had never had thisnfeeling. It was of pure pride. I know that I danced my best and nonone else had gotten a standing ovation but me. My dad was therenwaiting for me. \"How did it go?\" Inpretended to be sad then suddenly turned happy. \"I got a standingnovation!\" I screamed. \"Oh Mol, that'sngreat news.\" When we got home Inimmediately called Halley and told her that the audition went well.nShe was really happy for me. *** The next few days Inchecked the mailbox but nothing came. A week after the audition itnwas sun showering and I was sitting on the lounge reading my booknwhen the mail man came. I quickly got an umbrella and put on somenshoes and checked the mail. There was a letter for me. It was fromnthe academy. I ran inside and called everyone to come and see me. Inopened the letter it read as follows: Dear Miss Brandon, You have beennaccepted into the Australian academy of dance. Term starts on thentwelfth of February. Please be there a day early. Your room number isn222 and we will give you a key when you get here. From Holly Mongola.nOwner and founder of AAD. \"So I'm reallyngoing.\" I said, amazed. I hoped you likednthe chapter. I know it's a bit long but I had so much to writenabout. Please review. :D ","Summary":" Passion. Hi everyone, I amnbooklover69. I love the movie centre stage. That's why I am writingnthis"},{"Movie":"The Mask","Title":"A Masked Teen","Author":"manifest-bound","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9964910","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Monday morning, a new day in the town of Cruz. A teenager is walking along the side of the road to Jecks High. \"Katelyn just get into school, get into homeroom, and get out\", the teen said to herself. Jecks High was larger than any other school Katelyn ever attended and even had a mascot, the Lynx. It was packed full of other teens ranging from the nerds at the left side of the school and the 'cool' kids at the right. Katelyn walked along the right side of the school hoping to avoid the other teens until... \"Yo kid! Hey you!\" A feminine voice from the group called Katelyn. She avoided eye contact and kept walking... \"Bitch! I said you, girl with the yellow hair!\" Katelyn started to walk faster and faster towards the right entrance of the school... \"Get Her!\" As soon as she heard that she started to run towards the door but was blocked by a group of kids. \"Deaf aren't ya bitch?\" Katelyn turned around and saw her. A brunette with tight V-neck top and loose torn jeans. \"Hi... my name is Kat...\" stumbled Katelyn \"I don't fuckin' care who you are, but you're on our side of the school. Did ya know that blonde?\" the brunette retorted. \"sorry... i didn't...please...\" Katelyn was about to cry when... \"riiiiiinnnnng\" \"Damned bell. Alright, you and me, this afternoon, right here, come or die\" The brunette's group left Katelyn with fear and bad hopes for the future. She walks into the school and prepares for period one. In no time, Katelyn is staring anxiously at the clock in her English class waiting for the end of the day. \"Just keep walking... just keep walking... almost there...!\" Katelyn rushes out of the hallways of Jecks High and dashes back home with a knapsack filled with homework and other papers from school. As she's walking she thinks about the brunette and her group of friends. \"Tomorrow, I'm asking mom to drop me off at school...\" She reaches home and finds her mom outside preparing the car, \"Hi Mom!\" \"Hi Katey, so how's school?\" he mom asked. \"Brutal, but just like my old school.\" \"That's fine honey... oh by the way, what do you think about coming with your brother and I to go clothes shopping. It'll brighten your day for sure.\" \"For Sure!\" Katelyn agreeded. Katelyn goes into the house, runs upstairs and changes into something a little more conformable. Her school clothes fall to the ground scattered with her knapsack and starts to look for some clothes. A Simple purple blouse with jeans and flip flops. \"Perfect. Coming Mom!\" \"Okay Dear, let's get going\"[Chapter 2] \"Okay honey, I'm going with your brother to Gap, here's forty dollars, go have fun\" \"Thanks Mom.\" Katelyn walks around the mall until she reaches the Abercrombie store. \"Cute guys, too bad they're nothing like Dylan though\" Dylan was Katelyn's boyfriend before her family left and moved eastwards because of her dad's job. Dylan and Katelyn knew each other since kindergarden in Dog Shed Elementary school and were friends ever since. She started dating him when they were in seventh grade, but had to break up because of her move. She walked around the store and picked out three dresses perfect for the fall. She entered the changing rooms and closed the door; it slammed shut and caused the entire compartment to shake. Katelyn, now embarrassed, looked around to see if anyone was next to her. \"Only a mirror, a door, and a chair... I'm fine\" She began to take off her shoes and pants and was about to put on the first dresses until... she kicked something under the chair. She bent down and reached under the chair to only find a wooden slate. Or at least she thought was a wooden slate. The piece of wood had two holes and a mouth piece. \"What the heck is this?\" Katelyn turned the wood around and moved he hands away and saw a mask. \"Weird, but okay...?\" As she held the mask, a sudden rush of excitement followed though Katelyn's body and her hairs stood on ends. Irrationally, she thought, \"I can't leave this here, I've gotta put this in my purse.\" Katelyn puts the wooden slab in her purse, puts her clothes back on, and leaves her selected dresses in the changing room. Katelyn walks out of store, and meets her mom in the cashier register of the Gap. \"I'm surprised. You didn't buy anything?\" \"Nope, didn't find anything but I did...\" \"Oh Katey, I forgot to tell you. Dad and I are going out for the night, can you please look after your little brother?\" \"Okay mom, jeez.\" \"Thanks honey, oh and we better get back home, the sun's setting.\" As Katelyn, her mom, and her brother walked out of the Gap, a green glowing light emits from Katelyn's purse.[Chapter 3] It was 10:50 PM, Katelyn had not even started doing her homework and was laying in bed and video calling Dylan. \"I miss Yupia, Mrs. Caren, and you Dylan\" \"I miss you too... nite Katie\" \"Nite\" Katelyn sighed and walked to her purse to put her phone away. She opened her purse and saw the piece of wood \"Oh yeah... this thing again...\" Katelyn put her phone in her purse and took the mask to her bed. She looked at the wooden creases and metal forehead. It looked like a mask from a costume of some sort. She turned it around and saw the inside of the mask. It looked ancient but somewhat sturdy. A streak of green light flashed at Katelyn and the same exhilaration came across her as she held the mask in her hand. She stared closely at the mask, and starts to bring it closer to her eyes. When the mask was a few inches from her face, the mask animates and grabs onto Katelyn's face as fast as possible leaving a few puffs of green smoke into the air. The mask vibrates on her head shaking itself as it extend its grab on her face. Dozens of tendrils extend from the base of the mask through her hair and to the sides of her face. Katelyn was yelling for help but was muffled by the rubbery like substance entering her mouth. She tries to remove the mask and only claws at the mask with her nails, leaving streaks of green light on the still wooden exterior surface of the mask. The tendrils reaches the back of her head in no time and starts to pull her face back as though it was tightening. She continues to yell and begins to spin faster and faster. She span inside a small twister blowing papers from her knapsack and made her clothes fly off her body. Green light began to emit from the twister and engulfed the room in lightening and neon green light. Katelyn felt the substance go into her nose, ears, and mouth and latch on like glue. The mask kept tightening her face until Katelyn fell unconscious. The twister stopped with a screech and Katelyn stood in the middle of the room in the buff, different. Her hair was more luminous than before with barbie-like shinny golden hair. Her eyes were emerald green that matched her face. Her face was flawless and smooth with a neon green color from the back of her head to the underside of her chin. From the neck down she had features only a model would dream of. A perfectly curved body with DDD breasts, a round perfect ass, and feet that were perfectly pedicured. \"Smmmoookennnn!\" She started to rub her body methodically touching her enlarged tits and stroking her gorgeous golden mane. \"This is fine, for Sure.\" She continued to rub herself and reached her pussy. She placed two fingers in her slit, and caused her to scream in an orgasm. Yelling and moaning ever so loudly, she woke up her brother up in the process. \"Kate what's happening?\" Katelyn stopped stroking herself and replied, \"Go back to bed, it was only a crow\" A second later, \"Okay, nite sis\" She waited a few seconds for her brother to go back under the bed covers. \"I look too good! Aww yeah... too bad no one can see me in the full... or can I? She stares closely in her mirror, admiring her body, \"\"But I can't go outside naked... or can I...?\" She looks around her room and looks outside the window of her room. \"No one is going to see me at night, but I've gotta P-A-R-T-Y..\" \"Y? Because I gotta have too.\" With that she jumps out the window of her two story house, lands on the grass and speeds into the dark streets of Cruz, naked.[Chapter 4] Katelyn, or the masked version of Katelyn, tumbles down the streets of Cruz in the buff, carefree and uncontrollable. The wind around Katelyn bashes onto her skin touching every single inch of skin on her body. Her breasts bouncing uncontrollably, her hair flowing like a rocket, and her ass moving back and forth in tune to her movement; just making her feel alive and exhilarated. She runs by the park, her high school, and town hall. In the middle of the night with the crescent moon out in the sky, a green faced teen traverses the town for none other than a club, a night club to be more exact. With her new eye sight she spots a club about a mile down the road and runs to it. Along the way, she passes a police station and a police car with a half-awake police officer inside. He looks at the green face teen race down the street, thinks for a second and concludes, \"No more liquor for me.\" She passes a couple of pedestrians that just stare at her in amazement and in awe of her green face and her bouncing breasts. She finally reaches the club only to be stopped by a muscled doorman. \"Girl, you know the rules, no shoes, no shirt, no service\" She pouted and then stared at the doorman puppy dog eyes, \"But don't ya think I'm pretty?\" \"Sure thing hunny, but what's up with your face?\" \"It's just a little something to spice things up\" \"Still, no clothes, no go, and by the way how old are you anyway?\" Katelyn stared at the doorman for a second and said, \"Fine...\" She spun around in a circle enveloping herself and the doorman in a mini twister. The twister stops with Katelyn in a golden bikini and golden flip flops while the doorman was on the ground catching his breath with his underwear on his head. \"Suits me fine, not sure about you though.\" With that, she takes the doorman and kicks him like a football to the other side of town. Katelyn goes into the club yelling, \"LETS GET THIS GOING!~\" She enters the club and sees people drinking at the bar and flirting with each other. \"This isn't fun...\". She zooms to the back of the stage and pulls out an MP3 from her breasts and plugs it into the sound system. The tune from Pumped up Kicks starts playing and begins to excite people in the club to dance. \"Finally, we got some movement! Yeah...\" Katelyn looks around and sees a bartender who almost looked like Dylan from her old town. She finds a mic and says, \"Hello everyone, I'm Kate...\" She stops for a second. \"Katelyn is my old self, I need a new name.\" \"Got it! \" \"I'm Kathy, I'll be your host for tonight. We're gonna have so much fun!\" She stares at the bartender, and says \"bartender, yeah you!\" The bartender looks at Kathy and starts to hide, but Kathy goes to him and pulls him on stage. \"What's your name sugar?\" \"Danny...\" \"Oh Danny, we're gonna have a great time, let's dance!\" And with that the dance floor lit up with green lights and the tune to Gangnam Style started playing. \"Yeah this is called a party!\" For three hours, Kathy and Danny swung around the dance floor dancing to an endless number of songs. The mask allowed Kathy to contort her body to humanly impossible feats and changed her guests into dancing manics. In the middle of Houdini, Kathy noticed the sun coming up from the window of the club. \"Dang-it!\" With that she kissed Danny smack on the lips and caused his hair to spike up as if he was struck by lightening. \"Gotta go loverboy, I'll be back tonight... don't you worry.\" She blew a heart shaped kiss at him and rushed out the door. She ran down the streets in her golden bikini and reached her house just before the stroke of four. She jumped up to her room and sighed. She reached the back of her head to find a small crease where the mask separated. Slowly, she tugged at the ends of the crease and began to transform her back to her old self. As she tugged, the rubber like texture of the mask started to harden and solidify. Her whole body was in a stationary twister as her bikini and flip flops faded away leaving her in the buff again. The mask was tough to pull off but eventually detached off her face with a puff of green smoke. Katelyn fell onto her bed with the mask in her right hand and her eyes covered by her left hand.[Chapter 5] The sun starts to shine on the town of Cruz and begins a new day. Shafts of light come down to Katelyn's window and wakes her up in the process. She rubs her eyes with her right hand and saw the mask. Immediately, she wakes up in disarray. \"What the heck is this doing... Oh My God... Why am I NAKED?\" She gets off the bed, throws the mask to the floor, and goes into her closet. Katelyn's head pounds as if she drank a gallon of beer, \"Ugg... I have a serious headache, maybe I could skip school today...\" \"Damn mom, I've gotta walk to school today...\" She slowly reminded herself, \"Remember avoid the right side of the school; go to the left\" Katelyn walks into the school parking lot and shields her face from the 'cool' kids on the right side of the school. She avoids them but accidentally bumps into a tall figure. \"Sorry... I wasn't paying attention...\" Katelyn blurted out. \"No I'm sorry, I wasn't looking where I was going\", the boy replied. Katelyn lifted her hands from her face and saw the boy, a somewhat tall and decently muscular boy. \"Bang\" Katelyn felt a small headache and out of the blue said, \"I've gotta go Danny\". \"Wait, how do you know my name?\" Katelyn didn't know herself, but lied, \"I overheard it in the hallways, never mind I gotta go\". With that Katelyn sped into the school while the boy looked straight at her blonde hair. The boy shrugged and proceeded to walk over to the right side of the school and gave his friends a high five, \"Morin' Dan, how's the job at the club\"? asked another boy. \"Great... I met someone there\" Dan replied. \"Better not be a new girlfriend.\" The brunette of the group came forward and stood inches away from each other. \"Who is she?\" \"Don't worry Chloe, it's work, besides I must of had to many drinks.\" \"Better not be, we are together. Don't even... think of cheating on me. Got that?\" Chloe demanded. \"Sure doll, only work, that's all\". With that Dan, his friends, and Chloe walked into school as soon as the bell rang for homeroom. Throughout the day, Katelyn kept thinking about the boy, Danny. \"How do I know him? I never seen him before and yet it feels as if I knew him all my life\"... \"Katelyn! Math doesn't daydream, so you can't too.\" yelled her math teacher. \"Yes Mrs. Magur\". In the back of the room, Danny heard her name and looked at her through the classroom desk isles. \"Katelyn, that's her name... she reminds me of\", he stops, \"na never mind\". Chloe, the brunette across from Katelyn, started at her boyfriend. \"Somethin's going on...\". Afterschool, while Katelyn walked across the school parking lot, Chloe saw Katelyn and called out. \"Hey blondie! Remember our date afterschool yesterday!?\" Katelyn stood still for a minute and started to run. \"You ain't leaving me now!\" Katelyn ran towards the crosswalk and made it safely across while Chloe was just stopped by the light. \"You ain't leaving me, You'll be dead tomorrow!\" Chloe was about to turn away but thought, \"I'm gonna follow this chick and see where she lives, by friday, she's gonna be toast.\" As Katelyn walked home, Chloe followed her block-by-block until she reached the mahogany house. \"So this is where the bitch lives, I wonder if Dan saw this brown yesterday\". With that, Chloe walked away remembering the address, and the house. It was 9:45 PM, and Katelyn was finished with dinner and was about to get online to talk to her friends back home. She walks up the stairs and into her room only to find her brother playing with the mask. \"Give that back to me!\" Katelyn yelled at her brother. \"I wanna see it too, it old right?\" her brother asked. \"Yes, now you need to get back to bed so you can get big and strong.\" Her brother gave the mask back to Katelyn and hopped back into his room. The mask was in Katelyn's left hand. She felt goosebumps all throughout her body and a strange warmth from the inside of the mask. She flips the mask over to the back and sees the same green streak of light flash in front of her. \"I saw this yesterday too\", Katelyn wondered. She examined the mask and caresses the wooden creases again with her nails. \"Enough with that\". She puts the mask under her bed and goes to sleep. Underneath her bed, a eerie green light emits and causes Katelyn's bed a shake a little. Then, unconsciously, Katelyn reached under her bed and slaps the mask to her cheeks. The mask wasted no time in latching on and used its tendrils to quickly wrap around her head causing Katelyn to moan out loud. It latches onto the back of her head without any hesitation and makes her spin uncontrollably throughout the room. Her night gown flies off her body and stops in front of her mirror. \"Well hello tiger...\" Kathy exhaled. (Note From the Author) - Please rate and comment. Tell me if you would like to see more. ~Thanks ","Summary":" Monday morning, a new day in the town of Cruz. A teenager is walking along the side of the road to "},{"Movie":"Flushed Away","Title":"Under Different Circumstances","Author":"Tony Terrace","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8797272","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: Hey guys, this is my first Flushed Away fanfic… I'm not completely sure how this story was created. Guess I just wanted to try some different things Somehow at some point I managed to think, \"Hey! What would've happened if Roddy and Rita met under different circumstances?\" and decided to write this. Or something like that, anyways… Originally this was going to be a one-shot but I decided to make it multi-chapter. I dunno… maybe like a fan-version of the original Chapter One: Burst Water Main A strangle, gurgling sound from elsewhere in the house startled Roddy awake. For a moment he lay completely still, breath held tight, heart beating fast with adrenaline, and just listened… There it was. That gurgling sound again. What was it? An intruder? Roddy cringed at the thought. He needed reinforcements. After all, in a big, empty house like this, one rat on his own didn't stand much of a chance. Minutes later, he was in the kitchen, clutching tightly onto an army doll and a keychain which doubled as a torch. Oh, and wearing a plastic Viking helmet for protection. Roddy was using the soldier as a shield, but there didn't appear to be any immediate danger, despite the noise definitely coming from the kitchen. He listened. There again… the sink ! It sounded almost blocked up. But what could – The recorded sound of \" Give up your weapons of mass destruction! \" made Roddy jump, and in the panic of thinking an intruder might spot him, Roddy began doing battle with the army doll to shut him up. Having at last removed the batteries from Sarge's back, Roddy clambered somewhat ungraciously onto the counter in the middle of the kitchen, where he saw the tap of the sink beginning to shake and vibrate. As Roddy shone the torch's beam of light directly at the sink, a burst of water shot up from the sink almost like a fountain… Roddy saw a flash of colour before he looked up… a shape somersaulted through the air, propelled by the push given by the water, and landed almost silently on the counter, and straightened up. A rat – a girl rat, probably from the sewer. Actually, Roddy thought, she was quite a pretty girl rat. Even if she was from the sewer. Then again, he'd never seen another girl rat in his life before. But she was definitely prettier than Tabitha's fashion dolls. The girl rat was looking straight at him, through the glare of the torch. The shock of seeing her green eyes bore into his – of actually being stared at by someone alive , someone who wasn't just a human or a fashion doll – momentarily erased all memory of how, exactly, speech worked. Probably, it involved not standing there staring with your mouth hanging open. It was the girl rat who broke the silence first. Underneath her cockney accent, her voice was tentative; cautious. Perhaps even a little hesitant. \"Is this… your house?\" That sentence seemed to kick some sense into Roddy, who was feeling very awkward, still wearing the plastic helmet. He hurried to remove it. \"Yes,\" he replied. Then he added: \"Who are you? How – how did you get here?\" \"Not sure. I was in the pub, but there was a burst water main…\" the girl rat stopped talking, as though she felt she really didn't need to explain any further. And it was true, Roddy understood just fine: the burst water main had sent the girl up through the pipes and she had ended up here. So she must be from the sewer. \"Who are you?\" Roddy asked again. \"Rita,\" the girl answered absently. She seemed to be searching for something. Despite his horror, Roddy had to admit he was enjoying conversing with someone who could actually… well, talk back. \"Where's the toilet?\" Rita asked. Roddy blinked. \"Why?\" \"The pipes lead to the sewer. Duh.\" Rita stared at Roddy as though he were a complete idiot. He wasn't sure he approved of being given such a sarcastic look. Especially not by a sewer rat . \"Look here, you can't –\" \"Are you going to answer my question or not?\" \"It's through the door to your right, but –\" \"Thanks.\" Rita hopped off the counter and headed for the door. Roddy's stare of annoyance dropped into a frown. He'd just met the first rat he'd ever seen in his entire life – other than himself, of course – and he couldn't think to be courteous? Okay, he thought. Take two. I'll just have to make a better impression than I did five minutes ago. Roddy immediately followed Rita out the door, calling out nervously: \"Rita! Wait! Rita!\" Standing with her left hand on the toilet handle and her right hand checking something in her back pocket, Rita turned to stare at him. \"What?\" she asked. Her fingers closed around the silver handle. Roddy froze. He hadn't planned this through, and now Rita's green eyes were staring directly into his and his brain was melting. \"I – uh –\" \"Look, I have to get going, alright?\" \"Well, I was – I was wondering if…\" Roddy was plenty experienced with talking to plastic fashion dolls, but apparently he needed practise with talking to real people. Especially with girls. \"Spit it out,\" Rita said. \"Would you like to stay for a while?\" Roddy blurted out. Rita looked at him, seeming to think the suggestion through carefully. \"Sure,\" she said at last. \"Probably safer if I stay here for a bit.\" Roddy blinked. \"Safer?\" \"Long story,\" Rita said, jumping down to stand in front of Roddy. She extended her hand. \"I'm Rita Malone.\" \"Roddy St. James,\" Roddy replied, shaking Rita's hand. Her hand was incredibly warm, especially in comparison to Tabitha's fashion dolls. Roddy had to try and repress a small grin. \"Would you like something to eat?\" Rita regarded him again. \"Sure. What've you got?\" Now it was Roddy's turn to think. \"Well… there's plenty of food in the kitchen… and Tabitha's parents may have left some chocolate cake behind… what would you like?\" \"So… d'you get to live here on your own?\" Rita asked. She was lounging on a sofa cushion, eating a small slice of cake, watching an advertisement for the upcoming world cup match. Roddy couldn't stop watching her. Especially her eyes. She had charming eyes, he thought. Absolutely lovely . \"Not – not exactly,\" Roddy stammered, unsure of how to continue. Should he explain that he was a pet rat, or make something up? He should probably explain, but make it sound better than it could, Roddy finally decided. \"My owners live here too, but they're usually out, and they don't realise I can get out of the cage whenever I want.\" \"You're a pet rat, then?\" Rita didn't look surprised. At least, not much. \"My mum knew a pet rat once. Not as – er, refined – as you, though.\" \"Do you have much of a family?\" \"Huge. Thirty-something siblings, I think.\" \"I never knew my family.\" Roddy couldn't stop the sad undertone in his voice. \"That's unfortunate.\" Rita turned to face Roddy. She had been very reserved at first, but Roddy felt he had been able to get Rita to open up to him. Just a bit. \"Roddy, don't worry about it, alright? I mean, a huge family like mine isn't exactly easy…\" Rita continued to watch the television with mild interest, as Roddy, in return, watched her. She wore a green jumper, sewer boots and Union Flag jeans, with a red ponytail. Her clothes had all been scavenged, of course. As had the clothes of the vast majority of her family, she had explained. Oh, she said, others who lived in the sewers wore scavenged clothes too, but normally the material was scavenged and then the clothes were made in a boutique; but in Rita's family, the material usually went straight to her mother, who made clothes. They couldn't afford the boutique clothes if they wanted to keep eating. \"You… have a large family, then?\" Roddy asked. \"Yeah,\" Rita answered. \"Huge. The house is pretty full. There's not a lot of money but we get by.\" Roddy had never realised there was even poverty among sewer rats. \"Is there anything I could do to help?\" he asked the question before he realised what he was doing. \"Nah,\" Rita answered. \"We'll be okay. I've got this.\" She took a jewel-shaped piece of red glass from her pocket. To an inexperienced eye, Roddy realised, it would look like a ruby. He frowned. \"Is there a story behind all this?\" \"Sure,\" Rita said. When she turned to find Roddy waiting expectantly, she continued: \"I used to work the drains with my dad, and we found this ruby one day… Dad broke every bone in his body trying to get to it. But we got it. Problem is, this crime boss – the Toad – wanted it and he keeps trying to steal it, so then I have to steal it back… long story short, I was hiding in the pub after I'd nicked it back again. The Toad's henchrats are probably looking for me.\" Roddy's frown deepened. Rita and her father had possibly risked their lives… for a piece of glass. But wait: wasn't there a jewellery box in the master bedroom? Roddy wasn't sure if he was feeling generous or just trying to impress Rita. \"Rita…\" he began, slightly more sure of what he'd say this time. \"I can give you a ruby, if you want one.\" Rita stared at him as though he was an idiot, and raised the false gem in her hand a little higher. \"I've got one.\" \"No,\" Roddy explained, moving closer to her. \"I doubt that. It's just glass. Look: you can tell. Real gems don't break.\" With that, he snatched the piece of glass from Rita's hand and hurled it to the ground, where it shattered. For a moment, Rita stared dumbly at the shards; then her jaw set and her hands curled into fists. Almost too late, Roddy realised his mistake. He didn't quite expect the first punch, which knocked him backwards. Roddy stumbled away and grabbed a cushion to defend himself with. Perhaps I shouldn't have done that, he thought. Making Rita angry was the exact opposite of what he'd planned to do. Now he had to get her to calm down so he could – Wait. Rita wasn't attacking. Roddy lowered the cushion and peered around it. Rita was at the opposite end of the sofa, her knees drawn up to her chest. She looked ready to cry. Well done, Roddy, old chap. You're just smashing at this, aren't you? Roddy stepped cautiously up to Rita. \"I'm sorry,\" was all he could think to say. He wasn't used to guilt. \"Just leave me alone,\" Rita mumbled. \"Rita, please. I want to help you.\" Rita scoffed. \"Is that what you call helping Up Top?\" \"Rita.\" Roddy's voice was firm enough that it even surprised himself. It certainly made Rita look at him. He knelt next to her. \"In the master bedroom, there's a jewellery box full of diamonds, rubies and pearls… real ones. I can give you one.\" Rita looked doubtful. Roddy couldn't say he blamed her. It probably sounded too good to be true. \"Why?\" she asked suspiciously. \"I want to help,\" Roddy answered. \"Is that so hard to believe.\" \"A little.\" Roddy chuckled and stood up. \"Come on,\" he said, offering his hand to Rita. She stood up on her own, casting him a defiant glare, and followed him into the master bedroom.[Chapter 2] A/N: Still my first Flushed Away fanfic… terrified to make it good Probably not working and I got a bit carried away but oh well Chapter Two: Dirty Tricks Rita wasn't sure whether she should trust Roddy, especially after he broke her ruby, but then, he wasn't exactly asking her to trust him, she reasoned. She let him lead her into the master bedroom, although she did put up a bit of a fight when Roddy tried to place his hands over her eyes. It didn't take much to get him to give up. He led her over to a jewellery box and made her close her eyes. Rita covered her eyes with her hand but peeked through her fingers, at Roddy. She hated to admit it about such a prissy rat, but he was undoubtedly one of the most handsome blokes she'd met. Especially recently. \"Here,\" Roddy said, grinning as he reached into the box, picked something up, and withdrew his arm (Rita dropped her hand from her eyes now); holding what was possibly the most beautiful gemstone Rita had ever seen. Compared to this, Rita could see how the ruby she and her dad had worked so hard to get was just glass. She found herself breathless. But then a thought formed at the back of her mind. \"You want something in return, don't you?\" Roddy frowned. \"I – I don't think so.\" He looked almost confused. \"Then why are you helping me?\" Rita demanded. She knew she should just accept the help, but something wouldn't let her. \"Well,\" Roddy said, crossing his arms and sticking his nose in the air with a feigned, over-dignified tone to his voice, \"I can tell when I'm not wanted. If that's the way you're going to be, then I…\" he pretended to cry but it didn't last very long, because he and Rita began to laugh. \"Thank you,\" Rita said, when they had both recovered their breath. She accepted the ruby; clutched it to her chest. \"It's beautiful.\" \"Do you think it'll be enough?\" Roddy asked. Rita nodded. \"I have another idea,\" Roddy said. \"It sounds stupid, but if you're up for it…\" Considering his last idea had involved smashing the ruby she'd found, Rita wasn't sure if she wanted to accept Roddy's offer. On the other hand, he had just given her a new one, so she didn't have much choice but to agree. The next box was in Tabitha's room. Tabitha, Roddy explained, was the little girl who looked after him. She absolutely adored her fashion dolls (and Roddy) and spoiled them something rotten. It was why Roddy was dressed so nicely: Tabitha had boxed of clothing, many of which were never used. Roddy wanted to give some of the clothes to Rita's family. This was getting a bit weird. Had she accidentally stumbled into some hidden camera show, or charity event? But… the way Roddy kept smiling, a goofy smile mixed with sincerity… somehow she couldn't imagine Roddy was anything other than a lonely, generous, very rich pet rat. And that meant that somehow she just couldn't bring herself to say no to the poor guy. Besides, it wasn't like he got much company around here, was it? The box of doll clothes that weren't used was actually a bright pink shoebox. It was decorated mostly with wrapping paper, paint and glitter. Inside the box were masses of dolls' clothes, ranging from 1960s rocker gear to football shirts; hot pant bikini outfits to flowing evening gowns; Wallace & Gromit t-shirts with ripped jeans to dinner suits much like the one Roddy was wearing. Rita turned away. \"No.\" \"No?\" she heard Roddy ask. He possibly stepped closer to her as he said it. She wasn't sure. \"What do you mean?\" \"I can't accept all this,\" Rita answered. \"I mean, aside from the obvious reason –\" \"Pride?\" Roddy offered. She knew he meant her pride wouldn't let her accept the gifts he was willing to give her. He was probably right, too, but she wouldn't admit it. \"I've also got no way of getting any of those clothes back into the sewers without ruining them. Besides, won't Tabitha notice they're gone?\" \"I doubt it,\" Roddy answered. \"After all, the hardly even looks at this box. And I'm sure I can find you some way of getting the clothes back into the sewers without ruining them.\" Rita wasn't sure why, but she continued trying to deny the help. \"With the ruby you've given me, we won't have to worry about clothes…\" \"Maybe not for now, but who knows how long the money will last?\" \"It'll last us long enough…\" \"Rita.\" He was taking a firm tone with her again. Not quite commanding; more like willing, almost begging her to listen to him. Rita looked at Roddy: his brown eyes pleaded with her to take the offer. He looked almost like a puppy. \"Alright,\" Rita heard herself saying. \"If I can find a way to get them back home, then maybe –\" \"At least try something on before you say that.\" Rita tried on a green dress that appeared to be designed for some sort of prom, if only to shut Roddy up. The silky material was so smooth against her skin, and it fit her so nicely… if she never wore it out, she could perhaps keep it as a disguise, because the Toad's henchrats would probably never recognise her in – Bloody hell. That was a dirty trick. He probably knew I couldn't say no if I tried something on, she thought to herself. That little sneak. Suddenly begrudging Roddy every movement she made in this flipping dress, Rita stepped out of the doll house she'd been changing in. \"What d'you think?\" she asked unenthusiastically. It definitely shut Roddy up. He stood staring at her, mouth hanging open like he was trying to catch flies. Charming . Rita cleared her throat loudly and glared while Roddy snapped out of it. \"You – you look lovely, Rita,\" he said. He sounded almost breathless. Rita rolled her eyes. She'd heard all the lines – she'd had multiple boyfriends and too many rats flirting with her to count – and at the end of the day, she wasn't as big a fan of the sweet talk routine as she would have been when she was, say, fifteen. \"Yeah, well don't get used to it,\" she grumbled, and stormed back into the doll house to get changed back into her regular clothes. When she re-emerged from the house, with the dress folded over one arm, she said, \"Alright, Roddy, you win. I'll take the clothes with me.\" \"Wonderful! I'm sure we can find a sealable bag to put these in…\" Yep. He definitely knew she'd have to keep the clothes if she tried them on. He'd probably been planning it. Sneaky little git. He summoned her over to a bright red convertible and sped off to the kitchen. Rita had absolutely no idea what was going on or why he couldn't have just left her in the bedroom, but she figured he was probably just really lonely. Sudden company must have come as a huge shock to him. In fact, he probably – \"Found them!\" he called from one of the drawers. He waved a couple of see-through zip-lock bags over his head and hopped ungraciously down to the floor again. Roddy's movements in anything like this were always clumsy, Rita noted. Every time he jumped or climbed or basically did anything athletic, he automatically switched from a smooth, faultless gentleman to… well, a bit of an ungainly twit. \"These should keep any water away from the clothes. All we would have to do is keep hold of them.\" He looked so proud of himself for figuring it out. Rita sighed. She'd probably be leaving soon. It wasn't that she was used to it here – sure it was comfortable, but it wasn't her home, and besides, she'd only arrived recently – but perhaps it was that she felt bad for Roddy. He'd be all alone up here again. Maybe she felt bad for leaving him. Maybe she should – Wait. \" We? \" Roddy's face went red and he stared at the floor. \"Well… yes. I was thinking – could I perhaps – stick with you for a bit? Just for a while. I'd return home after a bit.\" At first Rita was going to accuse Roddy of not having thought any of this through, but then she realised he probably had no idea about life in the sewers. \"How d'you propose to get back when you're sick of the sewers?\" she demanded. \"Well, I thought I could find one of the manhole covers just outside and –\" \"Roddy, you'd have to take a boat. The treatment plant at Hyde Park creates rapids . They're almost impossible to get past.\" \"I'm sure you could figure something out.\" Rita glared. \"Stop trying to sweet talk me, St. James.\" \"Maybe if you ask nicely, Malone.\" Two second later, they were laughing again. \"You might not be a fan of my house,\" Rita warned, looking around. This house… it was like a palace. \"I won't stay too long,\" Roddy said, as though in reply to Rita's statement. \"What about Tabitha?\" \"Pets run away all the time.\" \"What if they replace you?\" Roddy paused. He probably hadn't thought of that. \"Well,\" he said, \"I'll probably only stay for a couple of days, then. At least until the world cup's over and they get back.\" He smiled; she frowned. It really didn't sound like a good idea. But then, he was giving her all those nice clothes, and a ruby. Maybe they could find some way to get him home other than Hyde Park. There must be another way. \"Alright,\" she said at last. \"If you're sure.\" Roddy grinned. About half an hour later, they were standing on the toilet seat in the bathroom, having moved everything around so it looked as though nothing had been disturbed – just in case there wasn't time when Roddy returned. Rita had secured the ruby in the heel of one of her boots and she and Roddy each gripped a couple of zip-lock bags. \"Ready?\" Roddy asked. He didn't look like the sort of rat who'd enjoy the sewer but Rita just went along with it. \"Not too late to change your mind,\" she said. \"Honestly, Rita, I'm starting to think you don't want me going with you,\" Roddy teased. Not if the henchrats catch us, Rita thought grimly. You'll probably hold me up and get me in trouble. \"Alright,\" Rita said. \"Get ready.\" She made to push Roddy into the water. \"Wait!\" he exclaimed. \"I can't swim…\" \"So stay here.\" \"No, I want to –\" Rita sighed heavily. \"Alright, fine . When we get there, I'll help you. Okay?\" \"Uh –\" \"Okay.\" Rita grinned cheerfully and shoved Roddy into the toilet water. He seemed to panic. Maybe he thought she'd just leave him. \"Wait! Stop! Please!\" Ignoring him, Rita pulled the flush on the toilet and then jumped into the water herself. She was okay with the drainpipes but he wasn't. He crashed into everything, screamed, worried, turned around to check if she was still there, crashed again and the whole cycle would start again. Rita had survived the trip with minimal damage and now stood in maybe an inch or two of water, watching Roddy have a panic attack. He obviously hadn't thought his plan through very carefully. He was standing on the walkway crying about wanting to go home and how he shouldn't be here. Rita rolled her eyes and groaned, picking up the clothing bags he'd dropped. This was gonna be a long day.[Chapter 3] A/N: I don't own Flushed Away … why d'you think there hasn't been a sequel yet? Chapter Three: Welcome to Ratropolis Roddy wasn't enjoying himself. He'd been in the sewers for all of about ten minutes now. He was damp from the water, which was making him cold, which was making him uncomfortable. Why was he stupid enough to suggest going to the sewers, anyway? A sideways glance at Rita held the answer. She was walking slowly, holding the ruby tight in one hand now, trying to figure out where they were. Her eyebrows were pulled together thoughtfully. She didn't care about the damp, or the cold, or how dark it was down here. She was tough. And gorgeous, a small voice at the back of his mind added. Admit it, Roddy. You decided to visit the sewers because you like Rita. He couldn't exactly argue with his own logic. \"This way,\" Rita said, pointing around a corner. \"Not long now. Maybe ten or fifteen minutes,\" she added, before Roddy could ask. \"Not long to where, exactly?\" Roddy asked irritably. Rita turned; advanced on him. \"Look,\" she said angrily, \"you wanted to come to the sewers. I get that it's not your idea of a great place to be, but if you don't like it then you've only got yourself to blame. Alright?\" Shrinking back, Roddy nodded slightly. \"Good.\" Rita sounded satisfied. She carried on walking. \"We're going to find my boat, the Jammy Dodger .\" Roddy resisted the urge to laugh, hurrying to catch up with her. \"And where to after that?\" \"Well, I'd better stop off at the pub and tell them I'm alive, but apart from that we should be able to get straight back to my house.\" Roddy breathed a sigh of relief. At least he'd be able to warm up soon. \"Here it is.\" Roddy had never seen a real boat in person before, but as he looked over the Jammy Dodger , he had to commend the skill of whoever had built it. It had clearly been hand-built from bits of scrap and spare parts which had been scavenged, and Roddy doubted it would be a smooth, fast ride; but clearly it floated and it looked interesting. \"We'll stash the clothes below-deck and I'll find a place to hide the ruby,\" Rita told him. He sighed. She was so… matter-of-fact. He knew this, of course: Rita had been very matter-of-fact before; but he liked it when she had opened up to him. He'd felt almost like he'd had a friend – one who wasn't made out of plastic, at any rate. But he'd probably ruined it when he'd smashed the fake ruby. So, perhaps in an attempt to get back on Rita's good side or perhaps to try and lighten the mood (especially his own) Roddy saluted and offered to stash the clothes himself. Rita agreed and opened the hatch which led below the deck. It was crowded down there but Roddy tucked the bags of clothes carefully into a corner and then returned up the ladder, shutting the hatch behind him. Rita had probably returned the ruby to the heel of her boot, because she was leaning most of her weight on one leg. \"Ready?\" she asked, gripping the wheel. Roddy sat down near the bow and watched her, nodding politely. \"Alright,\" she said. She seemed cheerier now. Roddy breathed a sigh of relief. Rita laughed. \"Don't be so worried, Roddy. We should be home in less than an hour, and then you can get changed into something dry. I'm sure there are dry clothes in one of those bags.\" The boat began to move. The motion surprised Roddy for a moment, but then he settled down and said, \"Would it be asking too much if I asked to get changed into something dry now ?\" \"Depends if you're planning to pester me about it,\" Rita shrugged. Then she said, \"Go ahead, Roddy. You can probably hang your dinner suit over the engine. The heat it generates should dry your clothes off.\" With the hatch safely closed overhead, Roddy stripped down to his underwear and hung his sodden clothes over the engine by a stretch of fishing line. He examined a tear in the sleeve of his jacket. It didn't seem too bad. He figured he could either abandon the jacket, or ask Rita's mother to patch it up – after all, hadn't Rita said her mother was a seamstress? Roddy found that his trousers and shirt began to dry quickly, and once they were completely dry he put them back on. They were toasty-warm, he thought happily. The jacket was still damp, but it was drier than it had been. Roddy rolled up the sleeves of his shirt and headed back up the hatch. \"Not bad,\" Rita said approvingly, as Roddy emerged from below the deck. \"You should stay dressed like that, Roddy. It suits you a bit.\" Roddy grinned. Oh, it felt so wonderful to hear somebody say his name! Especially when that somebody was Rita Malone, with her absolutely lovely voice and – Roddy slapped himself mentally. He suspected he was developing a crush on Rita, but this was no time to be acting so ridiculous. The tunnels seemed to lighten all of a sudden. \"Here we are,\" Rita said. They turned a corner and found themselves in the centre of a bustling city. Roddy, who had never seen a city before, also found himself in shock. It looked almost like a miniature replica of London, built especially for and by the rats living here. Instead of roads and cars, of course, were sewer water and boats. It was so… incredible. \"Welcome to Ratropolis,\" Rita said, placing a hand on Roddy's shoulder and smiling gently. At the nearest docks, she moored the Dodger and hopped onto the walkway, asking Roddy if he wanted to join her. Of course he did. He didn't plan on telling her, but Roddy enjoyed Rita's company. He felt almost honoured to stand in her presence; to be walking beside her while people glanced at them on the street. Some even stared, although he had no idea whether they were staring at him or at Rita. On occasion they passed someone Rita apparently knew, and Rita would say hello, and more often than not the other person would ask about Roddy, and Rita would reply that he was a friend who was visiting from out of town. A friend . Roddy's heart soared at the thought. The pub was called The Bog & Brush . Roddy glanced doubtfully at the sign, painted in gold capital letters, and wondered whether it was the owner's attempt at being funny. He had, he decided, seen quite enough of toilets for one day. As they entered, Roddy paused to let his eyes readjust to the change of lighting. It was rather darker in here than it was outside. A few people looked around; someone wolf-whistled. Roddy subconsciously grabbed Rita's hand out of nerves. She gave his hand a reassuring squeeze and then took her hand from his. \"Hello, Rita! I was worried about you,\" a large rat with dark hair called out. Rita went over to join him at his table and Roddy followed. He wore a t-shirt made from a pair of y-fronts and leather jacket with denim jeans, and was nursing a beer. \"You know y' don't need to worry about me, Sid,\" Rita said to the dark-haired rat. \"I knew you'd get back okay,\" Sid replied, \"but I still think we should've swapped places, because then at least – hello, who's this?\" He had spotted Roddy. \"Roderick St James of Kensington,\" Roddy said, trying his best to say it with a highly dignified air. Rita shot him a look as though he was an idiot. Roddy felt his ego deflate a little. \"The water main sent me to his house,\" she said, turning back to Sid. \"Roddy here decided to come back and see the sewers 'til his owners get home.\" Another blow to his pride. \"Don't worry Roddy,\" Sid cheered, clapping him on the back. \"You'll have a right fun time with Rita guiding you 'round! I might join you meself! Want to stay for a drink, Rita?\" \"Maybe later, mate. I'd best go tell the family I'm okay.\" Rita turned to leave. \"See ya, Rita! See ya, Rodney!\" Rita burst out laughing as they walked through the door. \"Don't worry about Sid, Roddy. He's a bit mental but he means well. One of my best and only mates in school, Sid was.\" As they headed to Rita's house on the Jammy Dodger , Roddy noted that Rita seemed significantly happier than before. Perhaps she was looking forward to seeing her family. They docked in front of a very unstable-looking building which rocked from side to side, multiple cases balancing precariously on top of it. \"Good heavens!\" Roddy exclaimed. \"Is that a house?\" \"Yep,\" Rita replied, handing him all the bags of dolls' clothes. \"It's not the safest but it'll do. Why don't you wait outside for a bit? I'll draw the mob's attention away,\" she added gently, only teasing lightly. \"Mob?\" \"You'll see,\" Rita chuckled. Then she crossed to the door and entered. Still on the boat, Roddy heard what seemed to him, a loner all his life, like hundreds of little voices cry \" Rita! \" and saw the entire house, porch and all, tip to one side. Eager to see, he scrambled out of the boat, across the dock and over to the window. Rita hadn't been joking: her family really was huge! She was surrounded by a small army of young children; and still more were playing behind her, hollering greetings to their eldest sibling: \"It's Rita!\" \"Rita's back!\" \"She's home!\" and, Roddy swore, \"See, I told you she'd be okay.\" A woman who Roddy could see was Rita's mother entered from the kitchen and enveloped her in a tight hug. \"Thank goodness you're alright.\" Rita smiled. Smiled . \"I'm fine, mum. Actually, I –\" \"Rita!\" Another figure entered from the kitchen. Judging by his age, wheelchair and full-body cast, Roddy figured he was Rita's father. \"Hello, dad,\" Rita said, still smiling warmly. I wonder if I can get her to smile at me like that, Roddy thought. Suddenly the entire house tipped again as a large-looking brother of Rita's skated in the direction of the porch, and Roddy, along with Rita's father and several of her siblings, was thrown off-balance. Roddy heard a loud crash as several people hit the wall, and carefully picked himself up. He thought, I seem to be falling over today far more often than I'd like. \"Oi, mum!\" yelled one of Rita's brothers, a spotty, greasy-haired teenager wearing a t-shirt that read Bubonic Plague . \"There's a Peeping Tom outside!\" Rita spotted Roddy over the boy's shoulder and waved. \"Tom?\" shouted a somewhat batty-sounding old woman wearing a pink nightgown and hair curlers, shoving the greasy-haired teenager out of the way. \"Ooh, it's Tom Jones!\" \"Mother, it's not Tom Jones,\" Rita's mother said, laughing a little. \"That's just Roddy,\" Rita said. \"The water main sent me up to his house and he's given us some clothes and a ruby in return for letting him stay for a couple of days.\" \"He's very good-looking,\" Rita's mother commented, restraining the old woman. \"Mum…\" Rita grumbled. \"I know what you're thinking… he is not my –\" \"Come on in, m'lad,\" Rita's father said as a couple of children opened the door and pulled Roddy into the warm, unstable house. Remembering at the last minute, Roddy picked up the bags of clothes, which Rita told him to set on her father's lap. The majority of the children immediately crowded around to get a better look. \"Mum, dad,\" Rita said, \"this is Roddy St James. Roddy, this is Mum and Dad.\" \"What a beautiful name,\" Rita's mother cooed. \"Thank you,\" Roddy replied. Already he liked this family. \"Are you Rita's new boyfriend?\" the teenager, who'd recently accused Roddy of being a Peeping Tom, asked very loudly. Roddy felt his cheeks heat up and Rita looked equally embarrassed. \"No, he's not,\" she grumbled. \"Not yet,\" Rita's mother whispered to Rita's father and Roddy, winking. \"What's that supposed to mean?\" Rita asked accusingly. \"Don't worry about it, dear,\" her mother replied. Rita sighed heavily, rolling her eyes. She was about to say something when one of her sisters interrupted her: \"Mum! Mum! Can I try this dress on?\" The sister was holding up what looked like a green prom dress. \"Sorry hun,\" Rita said, holding her hands out for the dress. \"That one's mine.\" The sister handed the dress delicately over to Rita, who folded it over her arm. \"Rita, can I try it on later?\" \"Sure,\" Rita said softly. \"Such a lovely dress,\" Rita's mother said, impressed, as she felt the material. \"I'm sure it'll look lovely on you, Rita.\" \"It does,\" Roddy said, before he could stop himself. Rita arched a warning eyebrow at him and he shrugged apologetically. \"Soup's on!\" Rita's mother called. There was, Roddy had recently discovered, only one bowl, full of soup. The entire family would sit at a long table, each holding a spoon, and as the house rocked, the bowl would slide from one end of the table to the other, and everybody would try to get a spoonful of soup as the bowl went along. \"So… how long have you been Rita's boyfriend?\" asked a girl sitting opposite Roddy. \"He is not my boyfriend ,\" Rita said firmly. The girl stuck her tongue out. \"Thank you so much for those clothes,\" Rita's mother said. \"They're absolutely wonderful.\" \"You're very welcome,\" Roddy answered, taking a swipe at the soup bowl as it passed. He was the only one who missed. \"So, Rita,\" Rita's father said, \"what's going on between you and this handsome young man, then, eh?\" Rita rolled her eyes. \"I told you before, Dad. He's a new friend. That's it, alright? He's –\" \"Tom Jones!\" Rita's grandmother cheered excitedly, standing up and accidentally slamming her hands down in the soup bowl. Rita hid her face in her hands, almost in fed up resignation. Dinnertime continued much in the same hectic manner. Afterwards, Roddy offered to wash the dishes but Rita said, \"No, Roddy, pass 'em here. I want a word with mother dearest .\" She placed a lot of emphasis, and a little annoyance, on those words. \"Ooh, sing us a song, Tom!\" Rita's grandmother exclaimed. Roddy smiled. \"Of course.\"[Chapter 4] A/N: Still don't own Flushed Away , unfortunately Chapter Four: The Bog & Brush Rita took the soup bowl from Roddy and walked steadily into the kitchen, followed by her mother. \"Mum,\" she said as soon as she heard enough noise coming from the front room to hide the conversation she was about to have, \"I know what you're playing at.\" \"What's that, dear?\" was the innocent reply, as her mother took the bowl from her and placed it in the sink. \"Don't play the innocent,\" Rita grumbled. She loved her family, but they were very good at ticking her off sometimes. \"You're dropping hints to me and Roddy. You and dad are trying to play matchmaker. Again.\" Rita's mother sighed. \"Honey, looking at your previous track record for boyfriends, can you blame me?\" Most of Rita's old boyfriends were common as dirt and certainly none of them were as refined, handsome or willingly helpful as Roddy. She had dated some twits in the past, yeah, but she'd also gone out with some decent lads. She voiced this thought to her mother, who laughed. \"Rita, honey, the only decent lads you know are Sid and Roddy.\" She sighed. \"I know you don't want Dad and I playing matchmaker, but we like to think we know what's best for you – even if you don't agree. But it would make us ever so happy if you'd give him a chance, darlin'.\" Rita was trying to think of a counter-argument when she heard Roddy singing in the front room and called her mother over. \"Hey, mum, come have a look at this.\" Standing on the table, Roddy was singing Tom Jones' She's a Lady , doing his own dance to it. Rita had to admit, he was a good singer, and not a bad dancer, either. She and her mother entered the room almost cautiously and Mum took one of the chairs while Rita remained standing – a decision she immediately regretted, because Roddy spotted her and in one swift motion, he reached down, took her hand and pulled her onto the table with him, trying to get her to join in. Her siblings cheered, called out and laughed; her parents were cheering her on and her grandmother was even joining in; and all the time she was standing on the table with Roddy singing, dancing around and holding her hand. Seeing no other way out, Rita relented and joined in the dancing; and Roddy grinned at her. As he ended the song, he spun her under his arm once and dipped her slightly. For a minute Rita thought he was going to drop her. Looking into his eyes, him holding her like he was… Rita had to admit, it was nice. She smiled, and this time Roddy really did drop her. Normally she would've laughed at the look of shock on his face, but instead she scowled playfully. She felt almost drunk – which reminded her, hadn't she agreed to meet Sid at the pub? \"C'mon Roddy,\" she said, heading for the door. Roddy looked a bit disappointed but he followed her as she called over her shoulder, \"I'll be back soon!\" \"You said that the other night,\" her father replied. \"Ah, but then she met me,\" Roddy called back, smiling. Rita shot him a dirty look and boarded the Dodger . \"Where to, miss Captain-Skipper… thingie?\" he asked, joining her. \"Pub,\" Rita said shortly. \"I told Sid I'd meet him there, remember?\" \"Didn't you say maybe ?\" \"That pretty much means always, in our family.\" Sid turned up at the Bog & Brush about five minutes after they did. He'd gone to work since they'd left and was now in his work overalls. \"Rita! Rodney!\" \"Roddy; it's Roddy .\" Roddy replied irritably, as Rita high-fived Sid; and from there they grappled their hands together, pulled the other towards them and patted each other on the back. When they let go and Rita turned to Roddy, he looked almost jealous. \"Don't look so down, Rodders,\" Sid cheered. \"We'll get you a drink, yeah?\" Roddy sighed and Rita caught him glancing sideways at her. He blushed and looked down. \"Oh… alright,\" he said at last. Sid told them the first round of beers were on him and headed to the bar while Roddy and Rita stayed at their table. \"So…\" said Rita, \"my parents like you.\" \"They do?\" Roddy seemed pleased enough. \"Yeah. Mum made a point of telling me so.\" \"Is that why you wanted to speak to her?\" Roddy asked, almost gently. \"Eh?\" \"To your mother. You wanted to talk to her about the hints they were both dropping, right? The ones about – us…\" he said the last word hesitantly, almost as though talking about the two of them was a topic to be carefully sidestepped. Rita thought she saw him blush a bit. \"Yeah,\" she said. \"Mum and dad like playing matchmaker. They think it's fun.\" \"Oh. I see.\" Roddy looked a bit dejected, so Rita placed her hand on his and gave his hand a gently squeeze; he flashed a charming smile, but Sid chosen that moment to turn up with their beers. He was holding them between both his hands, which were organised into a triangular-ish shape. \"One for you –\" he put a beer down in front of Roddy; \"– one for you –\" he did the same for Rita; \"– and one for me!\" Sid plopped down in a seat and looked between the faces of his companions; then down at their hands. \"Sorry! Was I interrupting something?\" \"No!\" Roddy and Rita exclaimed simultaneously, both pulling their hands back. Rita picked up her beer and gulped half of it down in one go; then realised she'd probably be driving back so she should probably only have this one, and put the glass back down again. She spotted Roddy staring at his beer with deep suspicion. Sid had already finished his. \"Problem, Roddy?\" \"What? Oh! No, I just –\" Roddy leaned in toward Sid and Rita – \"I've never had a beer before.\" \"You what?\" Sid exclaimed. \"Rodney my friend, you are missing out big time! Come on me ol' cream cracker, you gotta drink with us!\" Roddy glanced over to Rita. \"Is he drunk already?\" \"No,\" she answered simply. \"He's just being Sid. Just ignore him and try your first drink.\" Roddy gave her a nervous look but she just raised her eyebrows defiantly at him; he complied and raised the drink to his lips. Opened his mouth to let the alcohol in. Swallowed. Immediately started coughing. Rita patted him on the back. \"No fancy drinks here, mate.\" \"It's stronger than I expected,\" Roddy coughed, as though it was an excuse. \"Puts hair on yer chest,\" Sid said cheerfully. He slapped Roddy on the back and – judging by how loud the impact sound was and how far Roddy's eyes bugged out of his head – put a few vertebrae out of place in the process. \"Indeed,\" Roddy winced. He picked up the beer and downed the rest. Sid and Rita found themselves watching his face expectantly. Rita's eyes flicked from Roddy's face in general to his chocolate-ish-coloured eyes. They were looking at hers; their gazes locked for a moment before Roddy shot out of his seat and excused himself so he could go to the bathroom; but he came back about five seconds later to ask where it was. A drunk rat told him before stumbling outside for a tactical chunder: throwing up in the gutter so he could drink more. Sid looked around to make sure no-one was listening; then leaned in towards Rita. \"I reckon 'e fancies you.\" Rita turned to look at the rat who'd just returned from his chunder and pretended to study him thoughtfully. \"Nah,\" she said, grinning. \"He's not my type.\" They laughed. They both knew Sid had actually been talking about Roddy. \"My parents were trying to hint at me and Roddy getting together earlier,\" Rita said. She took a drink from her glass. \"You know what they're like.\" \"They just worry about you,\" said Sid. \"They probably think you should be settling down, luv.\" Rita snorted. \"Or maybe they think if you got a bloke he'd be able to help look after you when you get yourself in trouble.\" \"Out of you and Roddy, Sid, I think you're better suited to that.\" \"Why's that?\" \"Look.\" Roddy was returning from the bathroom, looking significantly paler. \"Trouble holding your drink, mate?\" asked Sid. \"A little,\" Roddy replied, sitting back down. \"Truth be told, I'm not accustomed to a working-class lifestyle.\" \"There's a surprise,\" Sid teased. \"Come on, Mister Fancy! You're one of us now!\" Then Sid proceeded to pull Roddy into a cross between a headlock and a hug, and tousle his hair. \"Lucky you,\" Rita drawled sarcastically, trying not to laugh at the look of shock (and some horror) on Roddy's face. Sid didn't generally smell to great when he'd just got back from work, and Roddy had just been given a face full of armpit. Lovely. \"Yes, well,\" Roddy grimaced, \"just so long as 'us' includes a working shower.\" Rita chuckled. Sid sniffed his armpit, grimaced as well, and removed his arm from Roddy. \"What I get for turning up straight from work, I guess,\" he laughed. \"I'm going for another beer. Anybody want one.\" \"I'm driving,\" Rita replied simply, taking another sip of her own drink. \"No, thank you,\" Roddy told Sid. Rita wasn't surprised to find that her parents, but not her siblings, were still awake when she and Roddy returned to the house. Her mum was going through the clothes. She held up the green prom-style dress again. \"Roddy, how did you say Rita looked in this dress?\" \"Hello to you too,\" Rita said under her breath. \"She looked absolutely beautiful,\" Roddy told Rita's mother, wrapping an arm around Rita's shoulders. She shrugged him out and leaned against the wall. \"Stop it.\" Her parents immediately ceased the pointed looks they had been giving her. \"Are you sure you want us to keep these, Roddy?\" her dad asked. \"Of course. They would go to waste otherwise.\" \"Well, thanks very much, m'lad! Rita, Mum said you told her Roddy's given us another ruby.\" Rita shook her head. \" A ruby, dad. A ruby. Ours was just glass.\" She retrieved the real ruby from the heel of her boot. \"How beautiful,\" he mother cooed, gazing at the ruby. Her father wheeled himself closer to better inspect the jewel. Then he looked at Roddy. \"Seems like we owe you a lot, son.\" \"It's nothing. Really.\" Rita caught Roddy staring at her again. They both blushed and averted their gaze. Rita really wished that would stop happening. \"I'm off to bed,\" she grumbled, trudging outside to sleep on the Dodger . What was going on? She wasn't starting to develop a crush on Roddy, was she? ","Summary":" A/N: Hey guys, this is my first Flushed Away fanfic… I'm not completely sure how this story was cre"},{"Movie":"Center Stage","Title":"Dancing Shoes","Author":"Puddin' Pop and his Jacks","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7474847","Passage":"[Chapter 1] DANCING SHOES SUMMARY: Maureen is ready to throw her dancing shoes away for good. She's ready to tell her mother that she wasn't going to allow her mother's dream to rule her life any longer. Not only was she allowing herself to get into a life and death sickness to live her mother's dream; but she was rapidly falling into depression. She just can't live the lie any longer. Jody on the other hands knows the full truth of Maureen's fears. Can she be the one to help Maureen find her truest desire – and help her through her multitude issues? Can the beaten down, and truly mistrusting Maureen allow her too? CATEGORY: Friendship/ Hurt/Comfort/ Drama/ Family/ Romance/ Angst/ Tragedy/ Suspense/ Spiritual RATING: T Song Title: Dancing Shoes Song Artist: Gavin DeGraw PRELUDE: I quite! Maureen screamed in her head as she stared at where her mother sat. Do you hear me mother? I said I quite! Her mother just kept her eyes glued too the center of the stage where in mere moments she was opposed to dance out on. Well Maureen had decided right there, and then that she wasn't going to go out on that damn stage. She turned around quickly, and scanned the back stage for Eva. She was going to tell Eva to go out on that stage for her. To wow everyone – to claim her rightful spot at ABA. Her eyes lit up at the sight of her roommate talking with her other roommate. She waved for Eva to come too her. She was slightly uncomfortable that Jody had tagged along. She shook off the unease as she smiled at Eva. \"Eva this is your moment. I want you to dance for me.\" \"W-what?\" Eva hissed in shocked. \"I'm giving up my solo, and giving it too you. I want you to dance for me.\" Maureen said with a wide smile. The music on stage was almost to the end, and then her solo was coming up. \"You know the solo just as well – hell better than I do. You are ready.\" She tried to keep the tightness from her voice. \"No.\" It was Jody whom spoke up. \"I'm not going on.\" Maureen sighed. \"Eva is going to take my place.\" \"No.\" Jody repeated more firmly this time. \"I'm not feeling well. I don't want to have to haul right on stage. Oh God forbid on the audience.\" Maureen said in a slightly pleading voice. She couldn't believe she was pleading. She never pleaded. She was taught better than that. But she couldn't keep the plea from her voice. \"No.\" Jody stated. \"You want this solo, Eva.\" Maureen said with a slight plea. Eva could only nod. \"It's yours.\" Maureen waved her right hand to the stage. The music just started for the solo. \"Eva isn't going on that stage. You are.\" Jody said in a soft but firm voice. She pushed Eva gently to the side and placed her hand on Maureen's back. \"Get out there and don't fail on purpose.\" Maureen couldn't stop her feet from moving forward. She looked over her right shoulder and glared at Jody before she twisted her head back to the hated stage. She moved passed the curtain that separated the stage from the backstage. She glided towards the center of the stage and stood with her head bowed. Her eyes closed as she waited for the right moment to began her dance. Don't fail on purpose . Jody's words kept repeating themselves on a timeless loop in her head as she breathed in deeply. Maureen felt her body tighten as she realized that she had to actually dance her best here. Not for her mother – not by a long shot. Not for herself. Hell; she didn't even want to be dancing at all. But for Jody. Her eyes opened wide as she stared at the small lighted circle around her feet. Where the hell did that come from? The music began to pick up in the tempo. Maureen felt her body move on it's own accord. Her mind had shut down. She felt a light tingle in her soul as she spun on one foot and turned her head to the right. Just as she had practiced it for weeks on end. She felt her mouth draw up onto a smile. A smile that she knows doesn't meet her eyes. How could it? When her soul wasn't in the dance. All she wanted was the dance to be over – so she could finally throw her dancing shoes away for all time. Her head twirled to the left and she locked eyes with Jody's. She flashed back to the first moment she set eyes on Jody. It was as they were all waiting to enter the girls studio on their first day. Maureen had been leaning against the wall nearest to the door. After all she was opposed to be the first one in the studio – she was opposed to be setting the sample on the rest of the ten hopefuls. She was opposed to show that she was going to be one of the chosen three girls. It was her role in her life. It was the role that her mother had hammered in her head since she was an infant. She was all set to enter that room first – when suddenly her eyes met the smiling blue eyes of the blond girl across the hall. Just briefly – but enough time for Maureen to miss the fact that the door had opened, and the girls started walking into the studio. The blue eyes turned from her as she shrugged her right shoulder to push the strap of her black bag higher on it. Maureen silently watched as she the blond whom was a few inches shorter than her walked passed her through the door. She blinked as she realized where she remained. She pushed off the wall and managed to get into the studio before the last four girls came in. Maureen walked over to the corner and dropped her bag next to the other bags. Turning she went to the beam, and started her warm up strengths. She lost herself in the hum dum of her normal routine. She heard her mother's voice in her head as a manta as she warmed her body up for the workout that her body was going to be put through. She twisted her right to the right and laid it on her raised leg. Opening her eyes as she sighed out as the muscles loosened up – only to be met with the blue eyes of the blond from the hall way. \"My name is Jody by the way.\" The blond said with a smile. She was having a little trouble keeping her balance as she stretched her leg. Maureen kept silent. She straightened, and pulled her leg gracefully from the beam. She closed her eyes as she began her head rolls. She felt her neck crack as she leaned to the left. She sighed softly as she rolled her head to the back. Hissing slightly as her head rolled to the right. Her eyes opened after she rolled it back to her front. Her eyes met the unreadable blue eyes of Jody. She narrowed her eyes slightly. \"My name is Maureen. I am going to be one of the three females to be chosen for ABA.\" She hissed. Jody blinked. Maureen felt a warm blush light up her cheeks. \"I'm sorry.\" She said humbly. \"I didn't mean to sound so well to put it plainly like such a bitch. I'm just dedicated to ballet and I want to be the best that I can be. ABA is the place for me. I have been a student here since I was nine after all.\" She couldn't stop her babbling to save her life. Shut up Maureen! Why are you telling her all this. She's your competitor. She's going to use this as a way to destroy you. Her mother's voice was screaming inside her head. She closed her eyes as she tried to shut that part of her brain off. Maureen felt a hand on her arm. She blinked her eyes open. \"I blabber when I get nervous too, Maureen. I think most humans do. You aren't alone in this.\" Jody softly said with a kind smile. \"So I take it you have lived in New York for a long time?\" \"I was born here.\" Maureen nodded her head. \"I haven't ever been anywhere else. My mother wants me to concentrate on my dancing. She feels the best place for has always been at ABA. ABA doesn't accept any dancer under the age of nine. So for the first eight years I had private teachers.\" She shrugged her shoulders, \"After I graduate from ABA as the top Prime Donna – and accepted by the best of the world renowned companies – then I get to travel the world.\" Jody blinked. \"I'm from Chicago.\" \"Go Cubs.\" Maureen quipped. \"You like baseball?\" Excitement lit up Jody's blue eyes. Maureen shook her head. \"I don't have time. I dance twenty four seven. All my mother wanted me to have time for besides my education is too dance.\" She shrugged her shoulders. \"I just know some of the teams names and what cities they are from.\" Something was happening at the door way – but the two girls didn't pay any attention to the drama. They were so wrapped up in their conversation. \"I'll teach you about baseball. I'm a avid fan.\" Jody said with a smile. \"So what schools have you attended?\" She wanted to hear about the New York schools that always held interest with her. \"I never attended school. I was privately tutored.\" Maureen shrugged her shoulders. Pushing them backwards to get a proper stretch in. Before Jody could say anything the teacher clapped her hands. Maureen placed her hand delicately on the beam. Jody moved in front of her and did the same. She kept her head firmly in front of her waiting for the rest of the ten girls to get into their places. Maureen turned her head to the mirror to meet the piercing blue eyes of Jody. The music changed tempo, and Maureen moved her waist, so she could complete the turn that the dance called for. Her eyes leaving Jody's piercing blue eyes. She forced herself to get herself back to the present – so she wouldn't have a mis step from the perfection that the dance required from her. I'll teach you about baseball . She smiled wide at this thought as she spun around, and around. She leapt high in the air with her arms stretched out wide in front of her – to pure emptiness that was the stage. Bowing her head as she twisted her arms into her chest she closed her eyes. She allowed the music to sooth her soul from not seeing the wisp of the ghost that was opposed to be in front of her. She locked that deep within herself as she scolded herself that of course she didn't see the ghost – why the hell should she. She was on an the empty of the hateful stage. Empty expect for her lone self. She hitched her breath as she forced the lone tear from falling. It wouldn't due to ruin the dance with her emotions. Her mother would kill her. She harden herself as she realized that after the dance was over – she would finally tell her mother that she was going to quite. Quite dancing and – and what? What did she want out of life? Her hands flew from her too twist into a wide arch. Lifting her head as her eyes flew open she twirled around, and around. All she knew was the ballet. Her mother made sure that was the case. She knew how to bend her knees even before she learned how to walk. She breathed ballet – and dream t ballet. But she didn't want to dance ballet her entire life. But she was too afraid to admit this to her mother. Her mother whom loved the ballet. Whom wanted to be a ballerina herself – but was told she could never be one. Her mother whom lived the ballerina dream through Maureen. What did she want out of her own life? Her head arched up into a swan like neck movement as she twirled around the stage. How could she go to her mother and state that she was quitting the ballerina dream without a inkling of a plan for her life? Her mother would just laugh it off, and force her back into the studio to do the knee strengths to prepare her for the next dance. I hate THIS! I hate this mother! Do you hear me? Do you hear your little girl crying out in deep pain? Do you care? Have you ever cared about me? Not the ballerina but just …. Maureen? Do love me for whom I am – not because I've obeyed you since even before I can remember even wondering anything on my own? Maureen's eyes caught her mother's as she twirled her body around. Her mother's eyes were aglow as she watched in rapport. Whom do you see mother? Yourself or me? Do you ever see me …. just Maureen? Maureen bowed her head as the music ended. No mother you don't see Maureen? You have never seen me. Never will. Well mother – I'm done. I'm done living YOUR dream; YOUR life. I'm going to live MY life from now on. Lifting her head up and meeting her mother's eyes dead on. I quite mother. The curtain closed in front of her. Breathing harshly as she gathered her ragged breath. She didn't realize the arms that were clasping on her back, arms, shoulders and head. All she saw was her mother's eyes as they gazed on her. Not once did they shown any reorganization on whom she was. The eyes never had. She felt a cool hand against her neck, and she twisted her head to the right, to meet the calming blue eyes of Jody. \"You are in the ABA program.\" Jonathan said with a wide smile. Maureen couldn't tear her eyes off of Jody's. Jonathan's words were spinning around her head. She couldn't breathe. She forced herself to leave Jody's eyes to stare wide eyed into Jonathan's joyful voice. \"No.\" She breathed out. Her breath hitched in her throat. Jonathan just laughed it off. \"Yes.\" Shaking her head and shaking off the hands on her body. \"No. I said no.\" She turned and fled from the stage. Jonathan stared wide eyed after the fleeing newest star of his Academy. \"Okay,\" He breathed. \"I have had many shocked people when told that they are in ABA. But; I have had no one look like a scared deer in a hunters line of site before.\" He frowned. \"It's like Maureen isn't happy to achieve what she has been striving for her entire life.\" \"She's scared.\" Jonathan blinked as he took in the young blond in front of him. He had quite forgotten that Jody had also been standing at Maureen's side during his happy news. \"Maureen doesn't get scared.\" He said in a firm voice. \"Maureen has been dedicated to the art of dance since I first met her when she was six years old. I wanted to take her in the youth program at ABA then – but I had to wait till she turned nine. She was my student on her ninth birthday.\" \"Maureen Cummings doesn't get scared.\" Jonathan said in a sure voice. \"She just needs time to adjust to having her dreams realized.\" \"You don't know her do you?\" Jody said in a knowing voice. Jonathan looked into Jody's eyes. \"I know her better than you do. I have known her longer than you. You have only known her for less than a year. You have only been rooming with her for said time. I hear you have joined Cooper's company. Once you leave ABA you will never even look back.\" He felt hardness in his throat. \"I'll look back.\" Jody said. \"I will always look back.\" Lifting her head. \"You are right I have only known Maureen for the past few months. But in that time I got to know her. Twelve years and you still have no basic idea on whom she is, Jonathan.\" Shaking her head. \"Perhaps I have made a mistake?\" She murmured as she turned around. Jonathan looked belligerent as she walked threw the crowd of people towards the stage door. Seriously what the hell is going on here? Maureen isn't happy to be officially at ABA? Jody is acting all confrontation all of a sudden? What time loop have I entered? He turned around seeking his wife. Perhaps Kathleen will have some insight of Maureen's emotions. After all Kathleen had been in Maureen's position when she herself had gotten into the adult ABA program. Jody turned the corner from the hallway that led to the theater. Leaning her back against the wall she frowned. I was wrong. I was ever so wrong. Her hands crisscrossed before she brought them up to rest underneath her chin. I'm going to fix this. I have too. Her blue eyes glistened with tears as she gazed at the wall in front of her. END OF PRELUDE[Chapter 2] CHAPTER ONE THE DECISION IS MADE JONAHTAN'S OFFICE Jody held her hand on the door knob as she pushed the door opened as she knocked. \"I'm sorry to come right in before you invite me in, Jonathan. But, I can't wait for the proper formalities.\" She looked around his office to make sure that no one else was there. She sighed in relief. Jonathan had about to say 'Come in' when he heard the first knock. But the door had been opening even before the first knock was done. He frowned darkly as two more knocks sounded, and the door revealed the blond nineteen year old on the other side. Teenagers. They always assume that life is just about them. They don't care for other people or closed office doors. \"Come in Jody. Seeing how you are all ready in.\" He waved to the chair opposite his desk. He waited for the girl to sit down. He had noticed that she made sure to close, and lock the door before sitting. He stood to his feet and walked from around his desk. \"Don't unlock the door.\" Jody said in a low and calm voice. \"It's not proper for us to being in a locked room together, Jody. For one, I'm a married man. Two, I'm your teacher.\" Jonathan said his hand on the knob. He was about to turn it when …. \"I don't want anyone to interrupt us, Jonathan.\" Jody sighed as she watched his hand leave the knob. Leaving the door locked. \"I'm not here to seduce you.\" \"Kathleen would be up my ass.\" Jonathan said. \"So would Juliette.\" He quipped as he walked back towards his seat. \"You know that I'm not going to accept you in ABA.\" He eyed the young nineteen year old. \"If I hadn't agreed to being in Cooper's company -\" Jody's brow furrowed. \"How did you learn that any way?\" \"From Cooper of course.\" Jonathan rolled his eyes. \"He simply enjoyed rubbing my face in him claiming you – he said that I didn't know true talent if it bit me in the ass.\" \"I have to join ABA, Jonathan.\" Jody stated. \"It's the only way that you'll get Maureen.\" Jonathan couldn't keep the bark of laughter from leaving his lungs. \"So damn sure of yourself hmm? Teenagers. I hated them when I was one; and I hate them even more now.\" He frowned. \"Get out of my office Jody. Get out of my life. You are not welcome to dance at ABA ever again. Even when Cooper's company comes for shows here – you will not be welcome anywhere near ABA.\" \"I'm not joining Cooper's company. If I don't dance for ABA – than I don't dance.\" Jody swallowed the around the lump in her throat. Jonathan's eye brows rose high on his forehead. \"It's that serious then?\" Jody silently nodded. Biting the inside of his cheek. \"I hate that I'm forced to take on someone whom isn't right for ABA just kills me.\" Jonathan sighed deeply. \"I all ready have my third girl picked out.\" He narrowed his eyes, \"What if I just decided not take take Maureen. Than problem solved.\" \"Do you have another girl you want instead of Maureen?\" Jody raised her right eyebrow. \"No.\" Jonathan grumbled. \"Juliette is going to wonder why I'm choosing you.\" \"She'll understand. Matter of fact I'm sure that she had a very good idea from the very beginning.\" Jody sighed. \"That's why she kept harping after me. Right from the start.\" \"Are you sure you are what Maureen needs?\" Jonathan looked deeply into the nineteen year old blond's eyes. \"I don't want to make a mistake.\" \"There is no mistake.\" Jody replied. Jonathan sighed. \"Okay. But if it doesn't play out the way you want it too play out – than you are gone.\" His voice grew hard. \"If you do more damage than good, than Jody Sawyer, I'll personally see that you pay with your life.\" His balled up right fist came down onto his desk. \"I'll make sure you would be locked up in the smallest cell known too man kind, with just a small window. The window will be high up – that even if you had a chair, you won't be able to look out of it. You won't get enough to eat – but you would manage to survive well into your nitrites.\" \"You love her.\" Jody simply said at the direct threat. \"As if she were my very own.\" Jonathan said with a tear in his right eye. \"How could I have missed this?\" Jody didn't have an answer. Jonathan had expected her to have one. THE GIRLS DORM ROOM \"You should have danced the solo, Eva. I had willing given it too you.\" Maureen snarled as she twisted her head to the right. \"Why didn't you just get out on that fucking stage.\" Eva had done a lot of thinking the night before. She had all been ready to step out on that stage in Maureen's place – she knew that she would have won her rightful place in Jonathan's precious school – on her damn own. Even if she had danced Maureen's solo – it wasn't like she had stolen it – Maureen had pretty much ordered her to dance the fucking thing. But, while she had watched Maureen dancing – she truly, and for the very first time saw whom Maureen truly was. \"I wanted that solo. I deserved that solo! I would have stolen it from you.\" Eva couldn't keep the words from flying from her mouth. Granted she had learned the truth of whom Maureen Cummings truly was; and all. But, still her mouth still spun out of her control. Her brain just couldn't keep up with it sometimes. That's the main reason why she kept getting into trouble. \"I would have danced that solo better than you, bitch Diva.\" Her hands were clenched at her sides on the bed. \"I am better than you. Not only at ballet.\" Maureen stared wide eyed shocked into the stormy eyes of the African American. She felt her blood boil even higher than when she started too spew her frustrations at the other girl. \"I'm so much better at life . I'm so much better in bed. I feel so sorry for Jim – he has too put up with your frigidness between the sheets.\" Eva jumped to her feet and stalked closer to Maureen. She slowly moved around the taller white girl, just barley touching her body with her own. \"I'm going too take poor Jim, and treat him how a real woman should treat him. He'll know all the warmth that he had been missing with you.\" She stopped as her breath hit Maureen's left ear. Maureen blinked as she felt the warmth of the other girl's breath on her skin. \"I know that you are only saying these things too get a rise out of me. It won't work.\" Her eyes shifted so she could look straight into the haughty eyes of Eva. \"I'm all ready fucking pissed off with you.\" \"You try fighting the surgery sweet Jody Sawyer. Especially when she's on one of her saving another human being from themselves trips. I'm her friend, and protector here at ABA; but even I can't overcome this personality trait of hers.\" Eva shrugged. \"For some unknown reason too me,\" She waved her fingers against her chest. \"Jody has decided that you deserve protection. That she was the one to be your sole protector.\" Her lips thinned out, \"If you hurt her, Maureen,\" She leaned closer, \"I will cut you to shreds; so you won't ever have another chance to dance.\" Maureen turned and locked eyes with Eva. \"So; all I have do is hurt Jody; then I won't dance ever again. I can do that.\" \"What are you so afraid of?\" Eva whispered. Her right hand rose to stroke the right side of Maureen's face. The door opened. Maureen jumped backwards quickly. Her eyes wide as she gazed first at Eva – than over at Jody's who's own blue eyes were widen in fear also. \"I gotta go.\" Maureen chocked out. She felt her feet move forward. Jody held up her hands. \"Don't go.\" She said in a soft voice. \"You don't have too go. Stay. Please.\" \"I have to go.\" Maureen whispered. \"Just allow me to go.\" \"You can't go. Not yet. Your home is here.\" Jody reached over, and gently stroked Maureen's right cheek bone. \"You are safe here.\" Maureen lifted her hand and brushed the smaller girls hand off. \"G-get y-y-your han-n-n-ds off m-m-m-me.\" She gasped out. Eva moved forward quickly, she jerked Maureen backwards into her. Wrapping her arms tightly around the slim girl's stomach – she pushed the taller white girl tightly into her chest. \"Look here bitch, don't you dare treat Jody like this.\" She hissed in Maureen's right ear. \"Eva let her go.\" Jody said with her eyes wide. Eva just held tighter. \"Not this time.\" She looked over Maureen's shoulder at Jody. \"Not this time.\" She rested her head on Maureen's tight shoulder blade. \"I'm not going to allow her to run away from this.\" Jody sighed in defeat as she realized that Eva wouldn't let Maureen go. But, she knew that Eva wouldn't physical harm Maureen. Emotionally she was still unsure of. But, if she tired to remove Eva from Maureen – than Maureen would be physical harmed. Jody hummed softly under her breath. Maureen's eyes widen in fear, \"Why can't you two just allow me to go. Why are you to set on destroying my life?\" She struggled to try to get out of Eva's grasp. But, every twist and turn; just made Eva's arms tighten. \"We don't want to destroy your life.\" Eva rubbed her right hand along Maureen's tight stomach. \"We want to help you.\" She breathed on Maureen's neck. \"Let us help you. Let us be your family.\" \"I all ready have a family.\" Maureen stiffly said. \"Your over bearing mother isn't your family. Hell, even your father allows her to over shadow him all the time. You never had any love from your parents. Your mother would never allow it.\" Eva calmly said. \"How can you say you have family – when your family is too afraid to show their soft side with one another.\" \"Says the girl whom is hard on everyone.\" Maureen barked. \"Let us be your family.\" Eva repeated. \"Let me go.\" Maureen begged. \"No.\" Eva said. \"Let me go.\" Maureen broke. \"Let her go.\" Jody looked into Eva's eyes. \"Let her go.\" Eva slowly backed away from the taller white girl – leaving her hands on her in case Maureen crumbled. Maureen walked up to Jody, and stared silently into her eyes. \"Why are you doing this too me?\" She whispered through her tears. \"I want to help you find yourself.\" Jody gently replied; raising her hand to catch some of the falling tears. She lowered the hand, and rested it against her heart. \"I'm going to hold these close too me. Every single one of them. I'm not going to fail you.\" \"Everyone fails me.\" Maureen mournfully stated, she turned and left the room. \"We can't fail her.\" Jody looked at Eva. \"I won't.\" Eva promised. END CHAPTER ONE ","Summary":" DANCING SHOES SUMMARY: Maureen is ready to throw her dancing shoes away for good. She's ready to te"},{"Movie":"Center Stage","Title":"Playing with Fire","Author":"KaitieCoo","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7939564","Passage":"[Chapter 1] My car pulled up to a big, ugly gray building on one of the busiest streets that I have ever seen. 'Isn't ballet supposed to be beautiful? Kind of ironic that something so beautiful is taught in such an ugly building.' I thought to myself. \"Lizzie! Hello! Earth to Lizzie. Come in Lizzie!\" my dad yelled to get my attention. \"We have to get inside for our meeting with Jonathan.\" \"Coming dad.\" I guess I should introduce myself. My name is Elizabeth Myers, I go by Lizzie though, I'm 18 and from Charleston, South Carolina. What am I doing in New York City, you ask? Well, I've been a figure skater since I was 3 and my technical marks have always been perfect but a lot of the judges seem to think that I need to work on my artistic marks. My dad was a dancer for most of his life until he met my mom and went to work for her family's business. One of his best friends is Jonathan Reeves. You must know who that is right? He's the director of the American Ballet Academy and what brought me to New York. Jonathan offered to help out his ole buddy and let me take classes with his dancers in hopes to help me, and his company (my dad probably threw in some money). This feels like the first day of high school; or what I imagine that would feel like; since I'm always traveling, I'm home schooled. I have all these butterflies in my tummy and feel all anxious. If the dance world is anything like figure skating, it's seriously competitive and the girls aren't the nicest. My dad keeps telling me \"you're going to be fine\", \"you have nothing to worry about\" but I just have this feeling that he's wrong on both counts. As we walk in the door, the group of students in the lobby stops talking and just stare at us. 'This is exactly what I was hoping wouldn't happen. I'm now a novelty.' I think to myself. We make our way to the reception desk but before we get there we hear someone call out to us. \"Michael! How are you? It's great to see you! This must be Elizabeth. The last time I saw you, you were just a baby.\" Jonathan said. \"Hi Mr. Reeves. It's good to see you, too.\" \"Jonathan. It's been way to long!\" my dad said as he gave him a hug. \"I can't believe it's been 10 years since we've seen each other. Thank you so much for letting Lizzie join some of your classes. She's been so nervous about coming here.\" \"Elizabeth will do very well here. I've seen her skate on television. It will just take some adjusting but I know she will be a great asset to our school.\" \"Jon, you know this isn't forever, right? We've talked about this. Lizzie is first and foremost a skater. Don't go trying to change that.\" \"Michael, I know she's a skater but while she is here, she's a dancer.\" \"Umm hi! She is standing right here and she can talk,\" I quipped. \"Sorry Elizabeth. Your dad and I tend to zone out when we have a difference of opinions. Are you ready for a tour of the place and to see your new room?\" Jonathan kindly asked. \"Yeah, that would be great. I'd really like to get settled quickly.\" The tour seemed to fly by and this place is so big. That nervous feeling in my stomach came flying back in with all of my 'what ifs' floating through my mind. What if I got lost of my first day? What if I was late to my first class? What if everyone hates me? What if I don't catch on to the steps quickly? But the looming question in my mind, what if this doesn't help my skating and I never get a chance at world? Figure skating has been my life for the past fifteen years and the idea my dreams never coming true is crushing. \"And here is your room for the next few months. I know it's not like your place back home but it's all yours.\" Jonathan showed me. \"Thanks for being so good to my little girl, Jon. Why don't we let her get settled and we can meet up later for dinner? Does that sound good, angel?\" \"Yeah daddy. That's fine. Do you want me to just text you when I'm ready?\" \"Sounds good. Jon, why don't we get over to Brother Jimmy's to watch some football? The Gamecocks are playing today and I'd really like to catch a bit of the game.\" \"Good thinking, Mike.\" And they were off leaving my in my new room to get settled in. It wasn't a bad space but it just didn't have the smell of home or my mama's voice floating through the air. 'Remember to call her later' I tell myself. I'm going to miss them so much while I'm up here. Thank God for Skype. \"Hey new girl. What's your name?\" a girl with platinum blonde hair asked. \"Lizzie and you?\" I reply. 'Seriously, the 1999 Christina Aguilera hair style called and they'd like to go back' I think to myself. \"Suzanne Von Stroh. Rumor has is that you're a washed up figure skater, is that true?\" \"Suzanne, retract the claws and give the girl some breathing room. She just got here. I'm Tommy Anderson, by the way.\" The cute boy with brown eyes said to me. \"Hi, it's nice to meet you Tommy. And Suzanne, whoever said that I am a washed up figure skater wasn't telling the truth. I'm here to work on my artistic scores so that when I go to the World Championship, and I am going to World, I'll win.\" After that the blonde bitch stalked off. Probably to start some more rumors. \"Sorry about her. She's a bit intense.\" \"Yeah, I can tell. I feel like I just got ambushed by a glow-in-the-dark Barbie.\" Tommy laughs at my comment. \"Glow-in-the-Dark, huh? That's a new one. Hey listen, you seem pretty cool; some of us are going out later to The Foundry. It's a bar downtown, would you like to join us?\" \"That sounds so great but I'm not 21 yet.\" \"Don't worry about it. I'm a friend of the owner so I can get you in. I'll come grab you at around 10, sound good?\" \"Perfect! See you then, Tommy.\" With that, he left me to my thoughts again. 'Maybe this won't be too bad being up here. I just hope that Suzanne isn't part of the group who's coming. I wonder if Tommy has a girlfriend. I bet he does. He's way too cute not to have a girlfriend.'[Chapter 2] It was nice to hang out with my dad one last time before he went back home; I will really miss him and my mother while I'm up here. 'This is going to be good for me. This is going to help my skating.' This is the mantra that I keep telling myself as my father is driving away waving out the window of the taxi. \"Bye Baby Girl! I love you so much! I know you are going to do great!\" My dad yells out the window. This is it. I am on my own in a new city trying out dancing. I've always had in interest in dancing but skating had always gotten in the way, not that I would ever tell my father that. His dream for me has always been to get gold in skating; I think that is because he never reached the top during his youth. Figure skating has such a short shelf life, much like dancing, but then he met my mom and everything changed. I have always felt guilt where my dad's career has been concerned. Maybe that is why I have always pushed myself so hard. I've wanted to make it up to my dad for making him retire early. My dream has been to become a contemporary ballet dancer. I've been watching Cooper Neilson for years and just love how he gets lost in the dance. The passion that these dancers have, the lines that they make and the joy that they create for thousands of people is amazing. Yes, at a figure skater you can do all of those things but I have always been afraid that my heart has always been with dancing and not with skating. I sigh and look up at the dark grey building. 'Deep breaths, girl. You got this!' I sighed and walked back in to the ABA building. As I check my watch I realize I only have about 30 minutes to get ready to go out with Tommy and his friends. With that, I race back to my dorm room and rifle through all of my clothes. 'What the hell does someone wear to go out in New York? I sure don't have Carrie Bradshaw's wardrobe!' Not too much later, I decided on wearing a pair of skinny jeans, a deep garnet strapless top, a sassy black vest and knee high boots. I thought I looked really good but I really hope that Tommy thinks that I look good. Just as I was finishing up my makeup, I hear a knock at the door. I take one last deep break and open the door to find Tommy and a couple of other people and, thankfully, not bitch Barbie \"Hi Tommy!\" I say happily. \"Lizzie, hi. You look great.\" Tommy says and my inner diva starts dancing around and giggling over him thinking I look great. \"I'd like you to meet some friends of mine, this is Sal and Anna. Guys, this is Lizzie.\" \"Oh I know who she is Tommy! Lizzie it is so nice to meet you in person! We were really cheering for you at the last World Championships. That German judge just didn't know what he was looking at because you definitely deserved Gold.\" Anna said. \"Wow thanks Anna! That is really nice of you to say. It was a really tough competition and it really stung when the scores came up but Amelia really deserved it. But there is always this years competition and hopefully being here will help with my artistic marks.\" \"Well, now that we are introduced, why don't we go dancing?\" Tommy said. \"Yeah! Let me grab my jacket and we'll go.\" I quickly shuffled through my room and grabbed my jacket and purse. 'This is going to be so fun!' Just after I pulled my door shut and Sal and Anna were walking down this hallway, Tommy grabbed my wrist and looked me in the eyes and said, \"Really, Lizzie, you look really beautiful tonight.\" I blushed and said \"Thanks Tommy. You look really hot tonight. Err I mean really handsome.\" 'I cannot believe I just said that out loud. Gosh Lizzie! How stupid could you be?' My subconscious scolded me. Tommy just smiled at me and moved his hand down to mine to grab it. He lightly tugged on my hand. \"Come on, Lizzie.\" He said smiling at me. As we were walking down the hall he whispered to himself, \"You look hot too.\" The bar is nothing like I have ever seen before. There are lights flashing in all different colors, loud music, people drinking and having a good time and lots of people dancing. They are dancing like I've never seen any one dance before. I'm gazing out on to the dance floor and I think Tommy notices. He glances over at me and says, \"They are all pretty amazing, huh?\" \"Yeah! I mean I have never seen anyone move like that other than in movies. You can tell that they really understand the movements. I really wish I were able to dance like they are.\" I respond to him. \"Seriously Lizzie? You have everything it takes to dance like them. You got passion, heart, intensity and fire. Everything is all here, you just gotta know how to use it.\" As he puts his hand over my heart. \"I don't know if I got it. My 'dancing' is nothing like this.\" \"Wanna bet? I bet you blow all of these people out of the water once you warm up. You are Lizzie Queen of Gold! Who the hell do you have to be afraid of? I bet if you go out there, that German judge wouldn't know what hit him! \" \"Tommy!\" a voice is somehow able to yell over the music. 'Oh it's her' my subconscious thinks. \"Suzanne, what are you doing here?\" Tommy says with obvious surprise. \"Dancing of course!\" She responds. She tugs on his arm and continues, \"Let's go! We aren't going to get any younger!\" And with that Tommy disappeared into the sea of dancers leaving me by myself. 'Game on Bitch Barbie' I thought to myself. 'Game on!' ","Summary":" My car pulled up to a big, ugly gray building on one of the busiest streets that I have ever seen. "},{"Movie":"The Mask","Title":"BABY OF THE MASK","Author":"Electrodude95","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12891807","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Peggy could feel herself breathing get heavier as she turned the handle and entered Stanley's apartment, \"dog napping, counterfeit money.\" She said out loud to herself as she walked slowly towards the wardrobe where Stanley kept the Mask, \"and the Mask, this should be some exclusive,\" she said as she picked it up from where it had been placed. As she lifted it up she felt the urge to wear it, \"why not just this once?\" She said to herself as she began to place it over her face, as she was about to wear it she heard a voice inside her head, \"Peggy stop, what are you doing, didn't you promise Stanley that you would bring the Mask back to him?\" Peggy then put the Mask down for a moment as she started to hesitate, \"what does it matter who uses the Mask?\" She said to herself, \"as both me and him would only use it for the same thing to rescue Milo,\" she then picked the Mask back up and held it to her face, without warning the Mask lacked onto her face and began melting over. Its brown wooden surface changed to a sickly dark green colour wax-like substance as it molded and changed shape, Peggy tried to let out a scream but nothing happened. Then her whole body was consumed into a mini twister which seemed to last forever, once this was over Peggy's transformation was complete, she stood in the middle of the apartment with a small hand mirror in one of her hands, everything seemed normal about her apart from her large green head. On her waist she wore the pair of jeans that she had been wearing before she had put the Mask on, she also wore a white shirt and a brown leather jacket, she stood in the apartment smiling at herself as she looked into the mirror, \"a star is born,\" she said in an English accent, she then smiled and walked slowly out of Stanley's apartment and out towards Edge City. \"Time to get me a beauty makeover,\" she said to herself in a loud and proud voice, as she made her way down the stairs and out of the apartment block Stanley saw her, \"Peggy you're wearing the Mask?\" He shouted after her, \"so I am,\" Peggy said as she ran back towards him, \"but I need it,\" he said as he saw her looking at herself through a mirror. Peggy then looked at him and smiled, \"the thought of one little dog pales in comparison to me as I need a beauty makeover, my public demands it,\" she then ran off leaving Stanley thinking and pondering over poor Milo's fate.[Chapter 2] CHAPTER 01 It was early in the morning as Peggy rolled onto her back, as she did this she began to open her eyes and let out a loud yawn, \"oh my head why did I have to wear the mask\" she asked herself as she got up from her backs and thought \"I can't believe Stanley is my friend after that, oh my god I feel like I'm going to throw up\" she ran to the toilet vomiting huffing and puffing \"oh god I don't know why I did that I don't feel sick\" she said to herself feeling her head at her body thought the covers, as she did this she quickly shot her head and gets up to wash her face \"I better go to their doctors sometime today\". She made the call for 10:30am so she has some free time and goes and get some cappuccinos for her and Stanley and go to his apartment for breakfast, she knocks on his door and it was Stanley who answered the door it was a woman she never met \"uhhh hi is Stanley there\" the woman then said \"yeah he's in the shower\" she then yells \"hey babe a woman is here to see you\" Peggy walks in and says \"I'm Peggy his friend oh hey milo who's a good boy\" she says as she rubs his belly. Stanley comes out dressed for work \"hey Peggy and hey vi\" he says as he gave her a kiss \"Peggy this is violet and violet this is Peggy\" the two shook hands and Peggy says \"sorry I would've got you one if I knew that you were going out with Stanley\" she said as she punched Stanley in the arm \"owww Pegg that hurt\" violet and Peggy looked and laughed and violet says to Peggy \"so Peggy how do you like your eggs\" Peggy light up and says \"wow Stan she's a keeper and I like my eggs scra ulpp\" she runs to the bathroom vomiting and Stanley and violet are standing at the door \"hey Peggy are you ok\" Stanley said \"yeah I'm fine I'm going to the doctors today\" she said whipping her face \"do you want me to take you I can ask Charlie to cover for a while\" Stanley said worried \"no that's fine Stanley I'll be fine it's probably a stomach bug\" Peggy said to calm Stanley then violet said \"awww you two are great friends and hopefully we can be close to\" she said holding onto Stanley \"yeah sure we can hang out tonight just a girls night\" peggy said \"sure tonight's fine is that ok with you Stanley\" Stanley nodded and smiled then said yes that's fine you two will love each other\" Peggy looks at her watch \"oh no I'm going to be late for my appointment\" she runs out of Stanley's place in a rush. Peggy is sitting in the doctors office waiting for her test results then the doctor comes in \"ms Brandt I have some great news for you\" the doctor said \"oh great I'm not dying\" Peggy said laughing \"no you and your baby are perfectly healthy\" the doctor said to Peggy and then Peggy had a worried smile saying \"baby what baby I don't have a kid\" then the doctor said tells her \"not yet you're 5 weeks pregnant\" Peggy is in shock then says \"b-but I haven't had had sex for a while I mean it's been\" it finally hits her and she whispers \"oh no the honeymoon\" the doctor then asks \"beg your pardon\" Peggy still in shock says \"this can't be happening it can't be it just oh I feel woozy\" Peggy faints[Chapter 3] CHAPTER 02 \"Peggy are you OK?\" Stanley asked as he held her in his arms nursing her, as he did this she slowly opened both of her eyes, \"Stanley where I am?\" She asked in a puzzled voice, Stanley smiled at her as she gently lifted her to her feet, \"you're all right Peggy as you're still in the hospital,\" he said as he smiled down at her, \"so is it true your pregnant?\" Peggy then looked up at him and then lowered her head, \"yeah it's true Stanley thanks to that stupid Mask I am now going to be a mother,\" Stanley then gave her a worried look as he held one of her hands, \"what are you going to do and do you know who the father is? Peggy then looked at him and gave him a worried smile, \"he's well LT kelleway,\" she said in a low soft voice, \"and I don't know who I'm going to to tell him that we're legally married and going to have a baby together,I mean I have to tell him that he's the father and I have to tell him about the mask\" Stanley then let go of her hand and then gave her an angry look, \"what do you know what he'll do to me if he knew that I was the mask all along and do you know what he'll do to you if he finds out about you being the mask?\" Peggy then walked slowly up to him and gently placed one of her hands on his shoulders, \"what choice do I have Stanley besides isn't this the right thing to do?\" Stanley looked at her again this time throwing his arms around her, \"that's completely up to you Pegg,\" he said in a warm friendly voice, \"but I'd watch for Kellyaway as he is known for his temper.\" Peggy smiled as she held onto Stanley's waist, \"thanks Stanley I knew that you would help.\" Later that day Peggy went to the station \"morning miss Brandt what brings you here\" a chubby red head said while eating a donut, Peggy smiled and said \"well Doyle I am here to see LT kelleway is he is in\" and before Doyle could answer they both heard screaming coming from his office \"LOOK YOU CHEATED ON ME AND YOU RUNAWAY WITH YOUR TRAINER AND THEN GET MARRIED THEN YOU FILE A DIVORCE AND YOU EXPECT ME TO TAKE YOU BACK AFTER WHAT YOU HAVE DONE THE ANSWER IS NO\" a phone is slammed down and kelleway barges out of the room and everyone is looking \"WHAT ARE YOU ALL STARING AT\" then everyone got back to their work then Peggy and Doyle looking at each other say \"nothing\", kelleway walks over to Peggy \"what do you want miss Brandt I'm not in the mood ok\" Peggy hesitated and said to him \"I need to speak to you in private it's about the mask\" kelleways started to rub his head \"please not that Buffon what has he done now?\" Peggy reassures him \"nothing as of yet but I just need to speak to you privately and alone\" kelleway huffed and walks to his office with Peggy following and then closing the door and locking it \"ok Brandt what's this of the mask?\" Peggy scared to tell him and said \"do you remember a couple weeks ago where you got married to the female mask?\" Kelleway blushed and said \"how do you know about that?\" \"I was the female mask and I'll tell you more about how I changed as long as you hear me out please\" Peggy started to cry with kelleway handing her a box of tissues and said \"fine be quick\" Peggy wiped her tears and sat down \"LT kelleway I just came from the doctors and I'm five week pregnant and you're the only guy I've been with around that period\" kelleway sits down in shock \"oh my god are you sure\" Peggy nods \"yes they did the test and I did a pregnancy test and it was positive\". Five minutes of long silence was going on because kelleway was trying to wrap his mind around it \"what are we going to do\" he asked Peggy \"I don't know but you heard me out so I'll tell you how I changed\" kelleway sat there looking at Peggy listening \"Stanley found this wooden mask and whenever he puts it on he changes into well the mask and when I put it on I was meant to help Stanley and milo but all this happened\", Mitch stood up and grabbed Peggy \"come on we're going for a ride\" Doyle looks confused \"what about me\" kelleway then says to him \"not now Doyle\" and Peggy and kelleway go to his car \"get in Brandt\" Peggy tells kelleway \"please don't hurt Stanley he doesn't mean any harm I promise\" kelleway looks at Peggy \"yeah what about all the wedgies he's given me huh\" Peggy gets in then says \"fine let's go\". They arrived at Stanley's appartment and kelleway bangs on the door \"OPEN UP IPKISS I KNOW YOU'RE IN THERE\" to then the door is unlocked and the door opens \"I've been expecting you kelleway so here you go\" Stanley said giving him the mask and his wrists together to be arrested \"smart boy and now you two are going to jail\" Stanley then said \"no not Peggy please just take me\" Peggy then said \"it's ok I'll go\".[Chapter 4] CHAPTER 03 Kelleway puts Stanley and Peggy in the back of the car then hops in and turns to them holding the mask up \"this thing is what changed you this hunk of wood\" Peggy's head went down and Stanley said \"yes I'm sorry for what the mask has done to you but the reason I wear it is to protect the city\" kelleway scoffed \"yeah what ever\" and threw the mask next to him and drove off but wouldn't go far for they felt the car shake \"what's going on\" Peggy cried then in shock \"oh my god we have to get out of here now\" she said, kelleway started to speed off in the other direction then slams on his brakes \"w-wwwwhat are you doing we have to go\" Stanley said in fear then kelleway picks up the mask and said \"can this thing help us out\" Stanley nodded \"yes pass it to me I'll take care of the monster\" kelleway didn't like the idea and said \"no if it's true I'll wear it and defeat the monster but if not you're in for it ipkiss\" Peggy gasped and said \"no don't just give it to Stanley he can control the mask well sorta\" he ignored her plea and placed the mask on his face \"ahhhhhhhhhhhhh\" he screamed as the mask wraps around his face trying to take it off \"ahhhhhhhhhh\" he then starts to spin out of the car and then stops, he was wearing a flashy uniform with his hair still in tacked a bit muscular and a badge that said LT MASK \"well well well guess you were right ipkiss\" he said looking at himself in the mirror \"all this power I can take down what ever is destroying the city but first\" he opens the car door and brings Stanley and Peggy out and took off their handcuffs \"ok there we go first off this is for you\" kelleway dressed as a sailor and dips Peggy and kisses her \"mmmmmmmwahhhh for luck and as for you ipkiss\" kelleway then gives Stanley a wedgie \"owwwwwww ok ok I deserve that\" kelleway spins around his car and makes it flashy \"now let's go beat this mother pucker\" he then looks at the viewers reading this fanfic and says \"keeping it pg for the kids, Peggy and Stanley look at each other confused. Kelleway zooms off in his new car leaving Stanley and Peggy \"be back soon\" he said zooming off, he then makes the car fly and looks at a giant robot stomping on the ground \"ok this is war\" he said shooting rockets at the robot \"take that and that pew pew kablooey\" he says but doesn't faze the robot much \"what the\" a hologram comes out of the robots forehead and is revealed to be Pretorius \"mmmmask I knew you'd wait wait wait who are you you're not ipkisssss\" kelleway looked at him in anger \"I took care of him and now I'm going to take care of you because you are destroying my city that I protect\" pretorius looks at him and says \"well well well if it isn't LT kelleway and he's wearing the maaaaaaaa\" the robots legs are blown away \"listen here you nut job you're not destroying the city on my watch, kelleway flies over the robot and a giant magnet comes out from underneath and grabs the robot \"now lets go for a ride shall we\" he then zooms off to space and released the robot with pretorius screaming \"blast you kelleway you'll not get away with this\" kelleway scoffed \"yeah yeah what ever\". Kelleway flew back down in a spaceship and landed in front of Peggy and Stanley and comes out as an alien \"I come in piece we expect for you ipkiss\" kelleway zooms around ipkiss dressing him in a pink dress and makeup \"Peggy and kelleway laughed \"hahahahaha\" Stanley joins in to \" hahahahaha oh man I can't believe what's going on\" Peggy looks at kelleway and walks up to him and says \"so do you think we can give us a try for the baby\" she said rubbing her belly, kelleway gives a big smile and says \"how do I take this off\" then Stanley replied \"pull the mask off from the back\" Peggy wraps her hands around kelleways head and said \"here let me help\" kelleway gives a scream \"ahhhhhhhhhh\" kelleway then huffs and puffs and looks at the mask \"this thing did all that\" he smiles and says \"guess it's your lucky day you two because one ipkiss you're lucky you're not going to jail and two Peggy\" kelleway dips her \"we're going to be the greatest parents ever\" and gives Peggy a kiss.[Chapter 5] Chapter 04 It had been five months since Lt Mitch Kellyaway has used the Mask to battle the monster that had been attacking Edge City, since that time he had made up with both Stanley and Peggy and had promised them both that he would not tell anyone about the Mask or it's wearers, also since that time he had moved into an apartment with Peggy and had also promised to become a good father and partner. It was late in the afternoon as both Peggy and Stanley were sat near a table waiting for Mitch to arrive home for work, \"do you think that he's told anyone about the Mask yet?\" Stanley asked Peggy as she turned towards him and smiled, \"no i don't think so Stanley anyway why should he you haven't told your workmates have you?\" Stanley smiled at her and let out a nervous laugh, \"funny you should say that Peggy,\" he said as he began rubbing his hand over the back of his neck, \"Stanley smiled at her and let out a nervous laugh, \"funny you should say that Peggy,\" he said as he began rubbing his hand over the back of his neck, \"I kinda mentioned it to Violet.\" Peggy grasped in surprise, \"what why dd you tell her of all the stupid things to do?\" Before he could answer her back there was a loud band followed by footsteps, \"honey I am home,\" Mitch's loud voice said as he entered the apartment closing the door behind him. Peggy turned toward Stanley as she stood up from the chair where she had been sitting, \"we will take later Stanley about your mistake, right now I'll see to Mitch,\" she then walked through into the living room where she found Mitch sat down on a large chair, he looked up at her and smiled, \"hey babe how are you and how has your day been?\" Peggy gave her husband a kiss on the cheek then sat down slowly for she was 6 months pregnant \"it was fine honey I did a little unpacking\" Mitch looked at her and said to her in a worried voice \"Peggy you know what the doctor said you can't be putting stress on yourself and that makes stress\" Peggy reassured him \"it's ok Stanley is here and he helped me and he has something to tell you,STANLEY GET YOUR BUTT IN HERE\" she said jokingly and Stanley came in \"What the hell pegg what's with all the yelling oh hey Mitch\" Mitch gave Stanley a wave and Peggy said \"well you have to tell him who you told about the mask\" Stanley's eyes went wide \"Peggy what the hell\" Mitch looks at Stanley and said worried and angry \"what who did you tell because I thought it was a secret\" Stanley went bright red and said \"violet she saw me put it on and she confronted me and she's ok with it and you can't talk Doyle saw you put it on and has he told anyone huh?\" Mitch huffed and apologised to Stanley \"shit I'm sorry man it's just this new case I'm on I mean it's weirding me out, first off I put a prisoner in a jail cell then I turn around for a second and he disappears then I ask everyone in the station and I look again and he's back in his cell and I've spoken to others officers and they say the same thing has happened to them all over the country might I add\". Peggy then says \"well wish I had my computer because that's a scoop\" Mitch got up from the chair and kissed his wife and said \"well you can't\" Peggy moved his face away laughing \"haha get some water weirdo\" he went and got some water and they all felt the apartment shake \"Mitch dropped the water and his beer and ran to Peggy \"Peggy Peggy are you alright\" the shaking stopped with Peggy replying \"yeah yeah I'm fine I just a little\" then a loud boom came from out side with glass shattering the windows of the apartment \"oh shit\" Peggy said with Mitch running by her side and Stanley gets the mask out from his pocket \"you two get to safety I'll see what's going on\" Stanley puts on the mask \"ahhhhhhhhhh\" then spins with Peggy and Mitch covering their faces to make sure glass doesn't get at their eyes \"smokkkiiiinnnnn is bad for you and the baby Peggy and now for me to go\" the mask leaves through the window and pretending to be spider man and they can here him singing \"spider mask spider mask does what ever a spider mask does\" Mitch helps Peggy up\" come on we have to go and I'll pack a couple\" a whirling portal opens up and they see a figure and with Mitch saying \"stay behind me\" the figure pops out from the portal and both Peggy and Mitch are shocked to the mask but not how Stanley looks but how Mitch looks but older with the mask standing there he turns off the portal and takes off the mask \"ahhhhhhhhhhh\" the mask comes off then Mitch yells \"WHO THE HELL ARE YOU\" with the stranger replies \"I'm you from the future and I'm here to warn you that Stanley is going to die in battle\" with hearing this Peggy faints.[Chapter 6] p style=\"margin: 0px; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 17px; line-height: normal; font-family: '.SF UI Text'; color: #454545;\"span style=\"font-family: '.SFUIText'; font-size: 17pt;\"CHAPTER 05.1/span/p p style=\"margin: 0px; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 17px; line-height: normal; font-family: '.SF UI Text'; color: #454545;\"span style=\"font-family: '.SFUIText'; font-size: 17pt;\"Peggy wakes up on the couch with two faces looking at her worried if her and the baby are alright and first she looked confused but she realises who they were and they were both her husband and Stanley's girlfriend violet, present Mitch dabs a wet cloth on her head and says \"hey honey are you ok\" Peggy gets up slowly with violets help \"here Peggy I'll help\" she said getting Peggy up \"luckily I came here to help with things but really bad that Stanley had to fight the monster in the city\" Peggy's eyes went wide open \"oh god Stanley was it all a dream that you came back from the future to tell us Stanley dies in the battle\" violet then replied \"I only see one Mitch sweetie you must've been dreaming\" then Mitch puts his head down and says \"she wasn't dreaming the future me has a future version of the mask and is battling the monster now\" violet puts both hands over her mouth and gasps \"wwwwhat no I can't lose Stanley we have to help him please\" Mitch reassures both Peggy and violet \"it's ok I'll go help out and violet please take Peggy to safety out of town I have already packed a bag for her and I'll bring Stanley with me when we have finished and he will be alive\" violet nods her head and Mitch heads out the door and heads to the monster. \"Come on Peggy we have to go\" Peggy shakes her head \"no we have to help out I'm not going to lose my best friend and my husband so you're going to drive to the monster but in a safe distance away from it\" with that violet agrees./span/p p style=\"margin: 0px; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 17px; line-height: normal; font-family: '.SF UI Text'; color: #454545; min-height: 20.3px;\" /p p style=\"margin: 0px; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 17px; line-height: normal; font-family: '.SF UI Text'; color: #454545;\" /p[Chapter 7] Chapter 05.2 The mask reaches the monster which turns out to be a robot and he screams \"NOW WHO THE HELL ARE YOU SUPPOSED TO BE LOSER\" with that comment the robot turns around to the mask and he sees a human controlling it from the top \"MASK IVE BEEN WAITING FOR YOU AND NOW YOU HAVE TO PAY FOR KILLING MY MOTHER\" when she said that she projected an image of Chronos \"YOU WILL PAY FOR MAKING ME AN ORPHAN\" the mask scratched his head \"wait wait wait wait hold the phone Chronos had a daughter\" the mask turns to the viewers of this fanfic \"did you know about this\" the mask looks confused \"wow déjà vu\" the mask shakes it off \"your mother was evil trying to control time which was never meant to be controlled so she got what she deserved\" Chronos's daughter growls \"SHE WAS A GOOD WOMAN AND YOU MURDERED HER AND NOW YOU PAY\" With that she gets the robot and tries to crush him but out of nowhere a blast shoots at the leg \"what the hell was that\" she said it was then the future Mitch comes in wearing the mask from the future \"I shot it from my nifty gun\" the mask turns around \"what the I thought I got rid of that mask\" future Mitch rushes over \"oh no this is from a different timeline and I've come here to help my pal out\" with that he slapped the mask on the back with him replying \"owwww who are you\" with that future Mitch says \"I'm Mitch from the future and I came back to help you out because you die in this battle and I don't want to lose my buddy\" the mask smiles and says \"well then buddy let take her down. ","Summary":" Peggy could feel herself breathing get heavier as she turned the handle and entered Stanley's apart"},{"Movie":"Flushed Away","Title":"Parking the Boat","Author":"The Valet","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4694642","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: My first story. I was inspired by the other stories around here and just absolutely loved the movie, so, here I am. Happens a little bit after the movie. BE kind and review! Puh-leeeeaase? -Well, it's been what, three years? Four? And I just finished watching Flushed Away again and remembered this story. Came back to a bunch of awesome reviews and felt really awesome. Apparently my 13 year old self was half-way decent =D Idk if I could finish it, don't remember where I was going exactly and I haven't written anything in a long time. But thanks everyone for all the awesome comments! =DDD Flushed Away Fanfiction Story Chapter One: Injured in the Line of Duty Rita woke up slowly. It was a beautiful morning in the sewer. She could hear the store clerks yelling out their wares, the staring of various boats, and the scuffle of her siblings downstairs and sometimes the occasional \"Shocky!\" It was bliss. Then she heard Roddy. \"Oops. Sooorry! Excuse me. Pardon me. Whoa!\"She could hear the muffled sounds of the challenge of getting up the stairs in the Malone House. She stifled a laugh at the thought of Roddy trying to get past the numerous traps and obstacles. Finally Roddy reached the doorway to Rita's room. He swerved to avoid Fergus as he skated to edge of the stairs as other children lining the hallway cheered. He wobbled and almost dropped the tray of two cups of tea he was holding. He carefully lifted his foot and knocked on Rita's door. \"Hello? May I come in?\" He questioned the door as he nervously watched Shocky across the hall. \"Well I'm sure you can. But you may come in if that's what ya mean.\" She said as she sat up. \"Ha Ha. As it turns out I can't come in so if you would be so kind...\" Rita sighed. \"Fine, just wait until I get dressed. She quickly threw on her Union Jack pants and her green top, one of her few outfits. She went over to the door and reached for the handle. She hesitated for a second. It got quiet outside the door all of the sudden. Then she heard Roddy. \"Hey, Shocky, I'm sure we can work this in some other time. I'm rather busy at the moment so maybe you could-\" Rita heard a loud zap and winced. \"Shocky!\" She heard Shocky pitter patter away as a rather loud crash emanated from the other side along with a muttered curse . She opened the door at that moment to see Roddy bent over facing away from her apparently trying to scoop up what was the rest of what looked like a cup of tea. \"Well how thoughtful of you. I just love some spiced up tea in the morning.\" She grinned. Roddy shot up, surprised at the sound of her voice. He somehow landed on his feet only to slip and fall on the floor with a loud thud! He groaned as he realized a shard had lodged itself into his hand. \"Well, that was a letdown. All that for a shard in my hand. Smashing\" He said as he winced and pulled out the rather long shard. \"Oh buck up. It could be worse.\" Rita rolled her eyes as Roddy got up. \"I suppose your right. Ow! What in the name of-\"Roddy yelped as he turned around. Rita tried to smother a chuckle as she realized her prediction was right. \"What?\" Roddy looked at himself and then noticed the other shard sticking out of his bottom. \"Oh I feel so special now. The great predictions of Rita Malone have graced themselves upon me!\" He dramatically exclaimed as he threw up his hands into the air, thus inducing an intake of breath and a wince of pain. \"Well now. How 'bout we go down and get some more tea eh?\" A/N: Don't forget to review. I'd love to know what your thinking about my story so far and ways to improve! (o.O)[Chapter 2] Chapter2: Doctor Malone \"Ouch! Don't do that!\" Roddy exclaimed as Rita poked the shard protruding out of his bottom. Roddy was lying facedown on the kitchen table, a center of amusement to the gathered children. Rita dragged him downstairs and bandaged his hand after which she went upon examining his other \"wound\". \"You know, I think I'm beginning to enjoy this. I could be nurse.\" Rita smiled wickedly. \"I know you love poking my posterior as much as the next girl but nurses need to be focused on the job.\" Roddy stated nonchalantly. \"Oh, Hush!\" Rita frowned and flicked his forehead. \"What was that for?\" Whined Roddy. \"You're distracting me from my job; you got yourself into this mess so you shouldn't be talking, should I go on with the rest of the list?\" Rita tapped her chin and grinned at Roddy. He sighed in defeat. \"Ok fine, do go on, but be careful!\" \"Oi! Me? Not careful? Don't be ridiculous.\" She said with feigned innocence. \"Just get on with it.\" Roddy sighed impatiently. \"Ok, let's see here. Hmm. Ooo, mmm.\" Rita shook her head and drew in a quick breath. \"Well-\" She quickly pulled it out right as Roddy looked back to complain. \"YOOW!\" The children started laughing as Roddy gave out a yelp more out of surprise than pain. \"Looks like you'll have a nasty scar down there though. I'd better wrap it up.\" Rita said as she reached for the bandages. \"And I did all this to bring you some tea. I should have gotten injured on the Jammy, fighting off hordes of henchrats and steering over rapids and-\" \"Like any of that could ever happen.\" Rita muttered with a slight smile. \"Especially the steering, then you'd kill us all.\" \"I heard that!\" Roddy shouted indignantly. \"Good then I don't have to repeat myself.\"Rita finished the bandage and helped Roddy up off the table. \"That could have gone smoother.\" Roddy muttered. \"What was that?\" Rita asked questioningly. \"Oh, nothing. Just admiring how good you did.\" Roddy lied while looking around at his bottom.\"You even got my tail on the outside of the bandages. Good job Rita!\" Roddy commented enthusiastically. \"Oh shut it!\" Rita smiled as she walked towards the door.\"Well then, let's set sail!\" She exclaimed while striking a pose. Then she opened the door after saying goodbye to her brothers and sisters and struck out towards the Jammy Dodger II. \"Don't you mean start the engines?\" Roddy yelled after her. \"We don't have sails. And I'm not coming until you use the correct saying.\" Roddy humphed and stomped his foot through the dock. \"Oops, I'm so terribly sorry 'Bout that!\" He yelled out to no one in particular. \"Bye Roddy!\" Rita yelled over the roar of the engine as she began to pull away. \"I will not come until you say it correc-\"\"Mr. Jones?! Is that you Tom?!\" Roddy heard from upstairs in the house. \"On second thought I'll be right there.\" Roddy said as he looked back nervously at the house. Rita sniggered at his fear of her grand mum and turned back to the wheel. Roddy had managed to get into the Dodger after taking a quick swim. He was sopping wet and was being held aloft by the mechanical hand, water slowly dripping off him onto the deck. \"Why don't you let me down?\" Roddy appealed. \"'Cus you'll get the deck wet.\" Rita simply stated. \"What do you call what's happing right now?\" Roddy complained incredulously. \"I call that what the First Mate will have to mop up when I let him down.\" Rita said \"That's hardly fair!\"Objected Roddy. Rita chuckled. \"Who ever said I was fair? You, for one, should know that.\" She pointed out and turned back to the wheel. Roddy decided to try something devious, yet daring. \"Oh, come on Rita, I know inside there's a little lonely girl waiting to come out and be comforted.\" Roddy blushed. He knew it was a hit below the belt. Rita said nothing for a minute. Roddy was begging to regret what he had said, when Rita's hand slid over to the hand controls and released him. Roddy yelped out with surprise and stood up slowly and brushed himself. He noticed the Rita didn't move a bit at his commotion and continued steering along the never ending tunnels. \"Rita? Rita are you alright?\" Roddy questioned her concerned. \"I'm sorry if I touched on something sensitive. Rita?\" Rita kept on looking ahead, into the dark gloom. Roddy slowly advanced to the cockpit, concerned that he had hit a nerve. He didn't want to hurt her… CRASH! \"Ouch!\" Roddy slipped and fell on the slight incline and in turn knocked over a stack of boxes that in return fell on top of him. He slid out from under them ungraciously and they fell over once again and bumped yet more objects causing a chain reaction. Smooth Roddy, Smooth. \"What am I going to do with you?\" Rita smiled jokingly. Roddy blushed but grinned in relief that Rita was back to her normal, if spunky, self.[Chapter 3] Chaptern3: The difference between cooking and steering. Itnwas late afternoon and after a successful scavenger trip Rita wasngetting hungry. \"Roddy why don't you go wrestle us up somengrubs'.\" \"RightynO' Captain!\" Roddy answered enthusiastically and was headingntowards the hatch to the lower levels when he realized something andnturned around slowly. \"Real grubs?\" \"YesnRoddy of course. I just know how much you love grubs served up nicenand- Of course not grubs! Food!\" Roddynwas caught off guard by the sudden change in tone and while trying tonescape down the hatch he tripped and fell through. \"I'mnOK! I'm just fine, just fine.\" Roddy called out as Rita startednto run towards the hatch. \"K'nthen, get to work.\" Rita hollered down, seemingly unconcerned. \"Aye-ayenCaptain.\" Roddy replied not as enthusiastic as before. He stumbledntoward the cabinets that littered the walls of the underbelly. As henopened one up he muttered \"Let see, what do we have?\" He startednshuffling through the contents and withdrew some chip crumbs, 2nmacaroni pieces, some spices that looked rather suspicious. He foundna pan, a couple of little plates and some wooden handmade forks andnknifes. Soon he was simmering the two macaroni pieces with some ofnthe spices. Finally he crushed up some of the smaller chip crumbs asna topping and kept the bigger ones as a side dish. \"Smellsngood first mate.\" Rita smiled as she appeared out of thin airnbeside him. \"Wh-OhnRita, its you. Yes, it is pretty good isn't it.\" He said as henadmired his dish. \"Don'tnget too cocky now. You might get the idea to steer the boat.\" Asnsoon as these words slipped out of her mouth she regretted them. \"Ooo,nOoo, Ooo, can I steer the boat sometime?\" Roddy begged, half tonannoy Rita and half because he actually wanted to. \"No.nEnd of story.\" Rita replied icily. \"Puh-leeeeaassse?\"nRoddy whined pathetically. \"Insaid no Roddy, that's final.\" Rita growled. \"Please-please-please-please-please-please-pleeeeease?\"nRoddy had already given up but wasn't about to end his fun. He evenngot on his knees, deciding to give it a little helpless appearance.nRita sighed, annoyed. \"I'llnthink about it.\" She finally concurred. Roddynchuckled under his breath. Rita glanced at him warily, thinking aboutnthe pros and cons of throwing him overboard. \"Well,nlets commence consuming the vittles.\" Roddy intoned. \"What?\"nRita asked confused. Roddyngave out a sigh. \"Let's eat.\" He clarified. \"Oh,nok.\" Rita mumbled, feeling outdone. Asnthey sat down to eat Rita smelled the food. She had to admit, itnsmelled delicious. As she took the first bite, Roddy watched, forknhalfway to his open mouth. Like a chef watching a costumer. As Ritanchewed and swallowed, he let out a sigh. \"So,nhow is it?\" He gulped. \"Mmm,npretty good. Excellent work First Mate!\" She exclaimed and pattednhim on the back, in return came a blush from Roddy. \"Thanknyou.\" He mumbled meekly and went back to eating. He was silentlynoverjoyed that she liked it. Whyndo I care if she likes my cooking or not? Its just food… Asnthey finished and Roddy cleaned up the dirty dishes, Rita started tonget rowdy. She splashed him with the sudsy water and Roddy yelped. \"Whatnwas that for?!?\" Roddy yelled indignantly. \"Oh,nnothing. Just putting you in your place.\" Rita smirked. Roddynfrowned and took out one of the wooden forks and went into a stance. \"Anduel, my dear lady?\" Roddy questioned. Ritanpicked up the other fork and took up a similar stance. \"Younwon't call me a dear lady when I'm done\" Rita sneered. Shenleapt at him taking the surprise advantage. \"Heynnot fair!\" Roddy complained. \"Whonever said I was fair?\" Rita laughed and struck out again. But thisntime Roddy was ready and blocked her blow. He leapt backwards and rannto the other end of the room. \" Comenand have a go if you think your fast enough! \"nRoddy shouted out with a sarcastic tone. \"Oi!nDon't steal me lines!\" Rita answered back letting her accentnshine through. She started to sprint towards him, fork at the ready.nRoddy ducked as she zoomed past him and took a defensive stance. \"Inmust warn you, I won't go easy on-\"Roddy was cut off as shenslashed at his head and he ducked. \"-you.\"nHe finished. He stabbed at her only to miss as she easilynsidestepped. Things seemed to go into slow-motion as he realized whatnwas behind her. The circuit box laid open ready and waiting in thenshadows as his spoon went in and broke, causing his hand to go intonthe highly electrified circuitry. A single thought went through hisnmind. Oh rubbish. Thennan electrifying jolt went through his body as he let out a grunt.nRita managed to get him loose after a couple of seconds. \"Roddy!\"nRita cried out. Roddyndidn't reply though. He was dazed and fell over onto the floor. Hisneyes closed and his breathing slowed. Rita panicked and bent down andnchecked his pulse. Her eyes were wet with unshed tears. Thisncan't happen now, not now. Thennshe realized that his pulse was normal. His eyes flew open, full withnlaughter. \"Ingot you!\" Roddy exclaimed. But then he saw her wet eyes and hernworried expression. \"Oh,nRita, I'm so sorry, it was just a joke…\" Roddy tried tonexplain. \" JUSTnA JOKE?! \" Ritansuddenly burst out. \"Youncall scaring me to death a joke!?! Well? Do You?!\" Roddynlooked away and muttered a faint no. He was suddenly regretting hisndecision. Rita calmed down and realized how she was coming across. \"Injust don't want to lose yo-my first mate…\" She explained. Roddynlooked at her expression. He saw concern, worry, and sadness. Hentried to think of something to say back. \"I'mnterribly sorry Rita. I didn't know that I mean so much to- Wait what ?!?\"Roddynsaid as realization spread across his face. \"Do you reallyncar-\"Rita cut him off. \"Well,nlook, its getting dark. Better hit the sock, shouldn't we?\"Shenstuttered for an excuse to get away from the situation at hand. \"Howncan you tell its dark out? It's always dark down here.\" Roddy \"Goodnnight!\"Rita called. \"Butnyou didn't answer my question!\"Roddy said as a sock hit his facenand he stumbled backwards. Ritansighed and knew she was defeated once again. \"We'll talk about itntomorrow, ok?\" \"Ok,ngood night Rita.\"Roddy mumbled, worried. \"Good night.\" OOOO,nwhat's gonna happen? Will they talk? Or will something interruptnthem? (0_o)[Chapter 4] Chapter 4: Rude Awakening Rita woke up to the rhythmic rocking of the Dodger beneath her. She yawned and got, ready to commence the morning routine checkup. She sighed. Same old, same old. She started up the ladder to the deck, then remembered Roddy and looked back. He was fast asleep and was snoring slightly. She couldn't help but smile. Then she remembered their conversation yesterday. Gonna be long day. She climbed up the ladder and hopped onto the deck. She started off towards the cockpit. (A/N: I don't know if that's what you call it or what. *sheepish grin*.) As she checked the controls, registering the blinking lights and the level of fuel. Running low on fuel, damn. Then she perked up as she heard the slightest thud. It sounded as though it was coming from below deck. She went to investigate, silently tip-toeing across the deck. She cautiously bent down and peered through the hatch. She was startled to see Roddy up and about. But what was even more surprising was that he was being held by Whitey while he looked at someone or something out of her line of sight. She tried to hear what they were saying. \"So Millicent, looks like it's just you an' me for right now, eh?\" Spike chuckled humourlessly. \"But Ladykiller, Fat Barry, an' me is here spike.\" Whitey stated nonchalantly. \"Shut up Whitey, let me do the talkin'.\" Spike spat. \"May I butt in this conversation? First, my names Roddy, not Millicent.\" Roddy clarified, \"And second, what in the Queen's name do you want?\" \"Well frankly, we wanted revenge.\" Spike cackled with obvious relish. \"So we've come to kill you and your girlfriend, Rita.\" \"She's not my girl-\" Roddy began until Whitey covered his mouth with his hand. \"Isn't that a little harsh Spike?\" Whitey asked, deterred for the moment. \"Of course not Whitey, you've got to learn to be an evil henchrat, like me!\" He said as he flexed his scrawny arms. \"Of course Spike, carry on.\" Whitey replied, scratching his head with one hand. \"Oh, yes. As I was saying before I was so rudely interrupted.\" He glanced at Whitey venomously, \" We're going to finish the job that The Toad tried to complete.\" \"Drown all the rats in Ratropolis?\" Roddy asked confused. \"No, not that.\" He sighed, \"we're goin' to freeze ya'!\" Spike hissed, which in return got a gulp from Roddy. The henchrats chuckled while Rita gulped and tried to think of a plan, but none came to mind, except brute force. But she knew she couldn't win with that. She'd have to lay a trap of some sort, but what? OOO, whats gonna happen? Stay tuned. Sorry for short update, but I need to worketh oneth a projecteth. =-P[Chapter 5] I have no Idea how I've gotten to chapy 5 w/ school and stuff going on so, count yourself lucky. D= Chapter 5: Unfair Surrender Suddenly it became clear and Rita tip-toed as quickly over to a pile of boxes as possible without creating a noise. She rummaged through the contents of one of the boxes and found what she was looking for, a quiet \"Aha!\" escaping her lips. She allowed herself a smile as she crept back towards the hatch. \"This all has to be a big misunderstanding! I mean me? I'm just an innocent bystander! I can't believe that you're doing this! I also can't believe that one singer did that one thing, what was their name? Oh yea-\"Roddy blubbered before being so rudely cut off by Whitey's hand. \"Hmm? Mmm mmm!\" \"Quiet you! This won't work if Rita suspects anything. Ladykiller, Fat Barry, assume your positions.\" Spike ordered. They looked at him confused then Ladykiller struck an air guitar pose and Fat Barry fell down on his knees and banged his head a few times. \"NO YOU IDIOTS!!\" Spike hissed violently and smacked them on their heads. \"Go stand by the hatchway!\" They began to grumble but were silenced when Spike raised his fist. Meanwhile Rita had gathered up some old tacks and had them positioned at the edge of the hatchway. She took a deep breath and dropped them down. She heard a muffled yell and peeked down. She could see Fat Barry with a tack stuck in his rather large belly and Ladykiller trying to pull it out before he panics. She could hear what she thought was Spike yelling like a madman in the corner. She snickered; she loved causing those idiots pain. He couldn't believe this. Everything was going great, he had Millicent, he was on the Jammy Dodger, and he had all his guys and only one Rita. Nothing could go wrong right? Apparently not. How could this happen?!? One second everything was fine, the next Fat Barry had a tack in his enormous belly and Ladykiller had to get it out. \"This absolute RUBBISH!!!\" Spike howled. \"Do you need a hug Spike?\" Whitey asked. \"NO I DON\"T NEED A-\"Spike exclaimed before he was scooped up by Whitey in a squishing hug. \"Ok, thanks Whitey ol' chap.\" Spike murmured as he brushed himself off. He noticed that Fat Barry had his tack out. \"OK chaps!\" Spike ordered, \"Get up there and figure out who did that! And use your imagination.\" \"Oh no, Rita.\" Roddy whispered to himself. Rita perked up as she heard Fat Barry and Ladykiller scrambled to the ladder. She braced herself behind some crates on the back side of the hatch. She peeked around the edge as Fat Barry emerged panting and fell over on the edge. Ladykiller then leapt up and pulled him up and patted his shirt down. Then they started to creep around and Rita lunged out as Fat Barry went past and pushed him overboard. He gave out a yelp which alerted to Ladykiller to Rita's presence. He sniggered and ran at Rita, his fist raised menacingly. Rita hardly flinched as she sidestepped and let him run over to the edge of the boat. He realized what happened right as he tripped over the lip of the boat and fell yelling into the water by Fat Barry. He sighed and bobbed up and down. Spike heard the commotion and the splashes from the top. He sighed angrily and nodded toward the ladder. Whitey looked around confused. \"Get up there!!!\" Spike hollered. \"You don't have to yell ya' know. I'm right here I am.\" Whitey replied matter-of-factly. \"Just. Get. Up. There.\" Spike gritted his teeth. \"Okay Spike me mate.\" Whitey stated cheerfully and handed Spike Roddy, tied up. Spike let out a grunt and dropped him on the deck. \"Ow! Watch it you!\" Roddy complained. \"Aw, shut your trap!\" Spike replied annoyed. He watched Whitey climb up the ladder and hoped that this would work. If it didn't, he'd have to resort to something else… Rita heard a loud THUNK THUNK THUNK by the hatchway. She looked over the edge and saw Whitey climbing up. She thought quickly, knowing if she didn't, she would have to face him face-to-face and we all know how that would turn out. She then realized something and scampered around the hatch to the cover. She struggled to lift it up and finally got it perched up at 90˚ angle. She waited until his head was just above the hatch entry. Then she slammed the cover onto his head with a huge DUNK! There was a rather large dent in the hatch and she heard another thunk and she opened the hatch to see Whitey sprawled out on the floor below. \"Bulls-eye.\" She snickered to herself. Spike saw Whitey fall to the ground and gritted his teeth. 'Gonna be the hard way eh?' He thought to himself. He pulled out a wicked looking pocketknife. It was custom made from a shady figure on the outskirts of Ratropolis. His mother had given it to him and it was his most prized possession. He flipped it open and grinned evilly. He hauled Roddy into view of the hatch above. \"Oi, Rita! I've got something for you to see!\" He hollered up at the unseen foe. \"I've already seen your ugly, misshapen face before Spike!\" Rita retorted. Spike didn't respond to the insult but kept on going. \"It's got a little a something to do with Roddy and something, oh, I don't know, SHARP!\" That sure got Rita's attention and she stuck her head into the hatchway. She gasped when she saw the knife against Roddy's throat. \"You better not hurt him or else I'll-I'll-\"Rita let loose. \"You'll what Rita?\" Spike sneered, \"Perform CPR on his dead body? I don't think so.\" Roddy had enough. \"Don't listen to him Rita! He's just trying to get you too! Don't let 'im!\" He let out before Spike muffled his mouth with his hand. \"Now then, what'll it be Rita?\" Spike snapped impatiently. Rita sighed, knowing she was beat. She didn't want Roddy hurt. That would-That would be horrible. \"Fine, I give up then.\" She sighed in defeat. Right as she said that she was grabbed by Fat Barry and Ladykiller. She didn't even flinch. Whitey had returned to consciousness and got up. Spike shoved Roddy into his arms and Whitey climbed up followed by Spike. Once they were all up and situated Spike ordered Fat Barry and Ladykiller to tie Rita up. They all snickered as they dragged Rita over to a coil of rope. Before they tied her up she glanced up at Roddy. Their eyes met and Rita mouthed\"I'm sorry.\" Roddy smiled sadly and replied \"Told ya so.\" Rita smiled but her eyes gave away her despair. Their moment was broken by Spike. \"Nice work mates, load 'em up then.\" He laughed. The rest of them chuckled as they began to throw Rita and Roddy into their boat. A/N: Whew! That took awhile. Hope you like it then! Don't forget to reply! =-0 ","Summary":" A/N: My first story. I was inspired by the other stories around here and just absolutely loved the "},{"Movie":"Flushed Away","Title":"A Full House","Author":"Exmoorpony","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6599169","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Prologue After saving Ratropolis, Rita invited Roddy to be her first mate. In between trips, they stayed at Rita's parents' house. Roddy was given his own room, but Rita still had to share with her sister, Karleen. Karleen was sixteen and, just like Rita, nowhere near a girly girl. However, whereas Rita was captain of the Jolly Dodger, Karleen wanted nothing more than to be a city computer technician. Her whole family said she would get the job too. She was tech-savvy enough. This isn't a story about Karleen though. It is Rita's story, and Roddy's. An extra note. If anyone ever wants to hear Karleen's story, tell me in a review of this story and I can write one. I have ideas swirling around in my head anyway.[Chapter 2] Rita heard the house creak. She shouted upstairs, \"Quit playing tag up there and go outside!\" \"We're not playing tag Rita! It's tug of war!\" This was the voice of Shocky, one of Rita's little brothers. Then an angry voice spoke. \"You bet they're not playing tag! It's only tug of war because I don't like what Shocky's doin'! He's boostin' his battery off of my computer!\" Rita quickly recognized the voice of one of her sisters, Karleen. She laughed, and listened to the outraged voice of her room-mate as Rita walked upstairs. \"It isn't something to laugh about, Rita! The little brat could, in theory, fry my hard drive, therefore wrecking my computer! Do you have ANY idea how long it took me to find a mouse-sized computer, especially after little Gary put a foot through the monitor of the last one? Do you have ANY IDEA WHAT THIS ONE COST ME? Even AFTER installing the old keyboard? Do you Rita? Do you?\" Rita put her hands on the tense shoulders of her sister as she spoke. \"Karleen. Stop hyper-ventilating. It isn't good for you. Relax. Oh, and Shocky? Get. Yes, I mean it. Get out of here. Quit bothering Karleen and go play with your brothers.\" Shocky, amazingly quickly, resigned himself to the facts and left. Rita sighed with relief at the same time as her sister. Then Rita spoke again. \"Relax Karly. What ARE you going to do when I go on another trip on the Jolly Dodger? Then next one is set for tomorrow and will last two whole days, with me returning on the third. You'll have to get along with Shocky for that time!\" \"I'll certainly try, but it won't be easy Rita.\" Karleen sighed with resignation. \"Are you taking Roddy?\" \"Of course. He's my first mate.\" \"And booooyyyyfriend! Rita and Roddy, sittin' in a tree, K-I-S-S-I-N-G! Oof!\" Rita had thrown a pillow at the other girl. \"Karleen, where did you learn that rhyme? Or hear Roddy was my boyfriend?\" \"I heard a human sing it once, while I was exploring the sewer pipes for flushed electronics. As for Roddy, you KNOW I'm brilliant at deductions. You are absolutely SMITTEN with him.\" \"You might be brilliant with spreadsheets sis, but a relationship isn't even similar. I might be smitten. I don't really know yet. What I do know is Roddy isn't, so I might as well forget it.\" \"How is it even YOU don't know?\" \"Love is funny that way Karly. Unexpected, and sometimes unwanted. It is often misunderstood too. It is something that both involved parties can mess up completely. NOW do you understand? A little? Karly?\" Her sister had been silent throughout the whole mini-speech, so Rita had begun to wonder, but Karleen just sighed and pushed up her rectangular glasses before speaking. She fiddled with her tail as she did so. \"I kind of understand that I guess. I know why I like computers better though. They're easier to understand than mice.\" Rita laughed. So typical of Karleen to say something like THAT. She WAS the odd one out in the family, with her dark brown hair.[Chapter 3] ~ The Next Day ~ \"Wake up, Roddy! We need to be going!\" Roddy groaned. \"Now, Rita?\" \"Yes! Now!\" \"I'm coming.\" \"I'm coming. Pah! Get out of bed now you lazy bag o' bones or I'll get you out myself!\" Roddy laughed dryly as he swung his legs out of bed before going over to look through his closet. Since he had saved Ratropolis, Rita had taken him shopping. After all, a tuxedo wasn't practical for everything. He slipped on a red t-shirt and blue jeans. It was simple, but why dress up when he was just going on the Jolly Dodger with Rita? The last time he had done that, Rita had laughed and questioned him interrogation style. He yawned and opened his door, walking downstairs to the dining room. He was about to take a bowl and fill it with cereal when he felt fingernails dig into his arm. He turned around to see an angry, red-headed Rita staring at him. \"Roddy! You think I said 'soon', or 'later'? I said 'now' and I MEANT now! We have food on the boat!\" Roddy yanked his arm away angrily and spoke sarcastically. \"Oh, so I suppose it would be cockroach crunch for breakfast? Rita! I want some plain old wheat cereal.\" \"Okay. Take the box. Mum and Dad can use the extras in the pantry. I've already eaten.\" Roddy sighed, exasperated. He took the box out, slamming the cupboard angrily. Rita's eyes widened. He was never like this usually. Where was the calm, composed, collected Roddy? \"Roddy? What's wrong? Even you aren't this annoying usually.\" Something snapped inside of Roderick. \"I'll tell you what's wrong Rita! I'm happy in my warm bed, but I'm yanked from sleep by a yelling maniac. I go over to my closet and think of the last time I dressed up and hear your laughter all over again. I come down the stairs to get breakfast and am told I'm eating on the boat. Then I assert myself and am told to just bring the food along. Then I'm asked what's wrong. Gee, CAN YOU GUESS? I'm SICK AND TIRED of being treated this way!\" Rita was so shocked. He was angry. After thinking it over though, she thought he had no reason. She had gone through that every day of her life. \"Fine! Don't come on the boat with me then! You can leave and never come back for all I CARE! I don't need you, especially if you find me and the boat such a CHORE!\" \"Is everything okay in here you two? I heard yelling.\" Mr. Malone rolled up to them in his wheelchair, posing a question. As Roddy saw him in his pyjamas, he felt bad. He COULDN'T say 'no'. It would be wrong. Mr Malone was way worse off than Roddy was, yet the guy still had a fine and dandy smile on his face. \"Yeah. We're fine Mr. Malone. Really. Rita and I were just stretching our vocal chords.\" \"Okay then you two.\" With that, the guy wheeled around and back into the rest of the house. Roddy just took the box of cereal from the shelf and gestured for Rita to come. He was heading for the boat. Any ideas? Read, review and tell me if they're anything![Chapter 4] Rita and Roddy stepped on the boat. Roddy sighed before asking his question. \"Did you mean what you said, about wanting me gone?\" \"Think over what I said. I didn't say I wanted you gone. I said you should go if you hold grudges against me because of what I do for a living.\" Roddy thought it over. He knew he SHOULD say sorry, but the grudge still lingered and he stomped down into the hull to work on the aging engine, which sputtered and coughed as they travelled along. \"Yowch! This blasted thing isn't working!\" Rita came down and took in the sight of Roddy sucking his aching finger. Then he hit the engine hard with his hand and ran around the cabin screaming about his new pain. Rita broke down in laughter, and Roddy stopped. He demanded angrily, \"What's so funny? This is YOUR engine! I'm trying to fix it!\" \"Possibly because you had hardly an idea of what an engine LOOKED like when we met. Oh, and your pants are on fire.\" She said the last part so nonchalantly that Roddy almost missed hearing it. He took it VERY seriously though, and ran screaming up to the deck, dipping his bottom into the surrounding water. He slumped his shoulders in relief, but when Rita came up onto the deck, his eyes bulged out in alarm. New problem! His pants! He put his bottom facing the wall of the Dodger and gulped. \"Rita? Some help here?\" \"Nah, I'll just leave you there after your display of temper this morning.\" Then she laughed and turned the ship. Roddy held on for dear life, but his pants weren't so lucky. They ripped further in the wind. \"Rita! We have to go back!\" \"No you don't! We have errands to run and you have extra clothes tucked in the hull, remember?\" Roddy slumped his shoulders in relief and slapped his hands onto the rip, making his way slowly to the hull. He closed the door and quickly changed his pants. Rita had done nothing and it infuriated him further. Roddy marched up onto the deck angrily and ordered, \"Take me to the shore. I want to get off. Find a NEW first mate, Rita Malone!\" Rita was shocked. He really WAS serious. Well, she wouldn't comply. It was completely new when he ran and yanked the wheel from her, steering the boat to shore. She fought him. This was what she was used to, because they ALWAYS fought. It soon was out of hand though, and she pushed Roddy too hard into the steel hull of the ship. As Roddy lay there, a bump grew steadily on the top of his head. He didn't wake up. What had she DONE? Rita felt like crying, but knew she had to get him to shore. He WAS still breathing after all. Rita leaned on the wooden steering wheel for support as her legs weakened with the thought of him not being okay. It was a good thing they weren't far away from the city. She pressed the acceleration pedal and steered her way through the sewer tunnels rapidly, going as fast as she dared. While Rita drove, she realized she WAS really worried. \"It's just because he's a good friend. That's all it is.\" She mumbled this, then sighed. A police boat trailed her, but she didn't stop. A horn told her to pull over, but still she didn't stop. Roddy needed to be brought to the hospital. Finally, she reached the emergency room of the Ratropolis hospital. It had seemed so long, but it was really only a few minutes. The police commanded her to stay in the boat, but when she turned around, they saw her distraught face. It was still tearless, but very agitated. \"Now, Miss. Is a speeding ticket really something to get so upset about? You WERE really motoring.\" \"It isn't the bloody ticket! Help me bring my friend to emergency please! He's unconscious and I was trying to bring him here to the hospital!\" The strong policeman's face changed instantly and he rushed onto the boat. He arched an eyebrow when he saw the bump and Roddy laying on the deck. However, he didn't say anything and just scooped Rita's slim friend into his arms. When they walked into the emergency room, the doctors leapt into action on seeing the policeman. Rita explained how it had happened, and they took Roddy from the policeman. Roddy was laid on the table and wheeled into the examination room, while the policeman walked out of the hospital. Rita barely heard the boat take off. She was so worried about Roddy, but she kept telling herself it was just because they were good friends. She was told to sit and wait. A half hour later, a nurse walked up to Rita. Rita looked up. Tears stained her cheeks, her hair was a mess, and she looked as if she'd like to throttle one of the doctors, but she managed to croak out a few words. \"Is...is he all right? Roddy? My friend?\" The chubby nurse smiled. \"He will be, but he'll be different for a while. He's suffering some amnesia. He keeps mumbling about a 'Rita' though. Do you know who she is? Maybe she could visit?' \"That would be great. I'm Rita. Can I go in now?\" \"Be warned. He'll be very different. He might not even remember you.\" \"Let's hope not. I've been so awful to him today.\" Then she walked into the room. Bandages dominated her friend's face, but he weakly mumbled a greeting. \"Are you on shift next?\" \"No, I'm not a nurse Roddy. I'm Rita. The nurse said you had called for me?\" \"I did? I just want to go home.\" \"I don't think Mum and Dad would take that very well. The doctors probably wouldn't either, considering the kids kill you every time you come through the door.\" \"Mum? Dad? Kids? I just want to watch a movie and play some golf.\" Then Rita realized. He had forgotten everything about her except her name. Maybe he had mumbled that in delirium. Her family wasn't remembered, and neither was their adventure together. He only remembered Kensington. Up top. \"You don't live in Kensington anymore, Roddy. You live with my parents and I, along with my siblings.\" \"Oh.\" It was a disappointed voice, and Rita instantly felt bad for dropping the bombshell so quickly.[Chapter 5] Note: I KNOW it's an amnesia fanfic, and that topic's overdone. However, I have researched retrograde amnesia extensively so no flames! lol! :D Rita looked at Roddy. He had forgotten her. Not that they were anything but good friends, but...OH, WHO THE HELL WAS SHE TRYING TO KID? They were only 'just friends' because she had never had the guts to tell him. Now, it was too late. Roddy didn't remember her. Soon, he would be the pompous jerk he was in Kensington. She WAS visiting though. She knew she shouldn't dwell on the past, at least not right now. After all, Rita told herself, it was great he was ALIVE. Then Roddy spoke to her. \"Look. I don't know if we were close, but I'm going to ask anyway. You've been crying. Why?\" Rita quickly wiped her face with her blue shirt sleeve before a quick, \"Nothing. Not for you to worry about.\" \"Don't lock me out. Even if we weren't friends before, I want to be friends now.\" Ouch. Rita winced. So much for her fantasies. They quickly came screeching to a halt, falling into shattered pieces at the bottom of her heart. Then, Rita tried to perk up. This was a new start! He didn't remember any of the awful things she'd done to him. He asked her a question and she struggled for words. \"How close WERE we?\" \"Good...friends.\" She had hesitated. It had been her opening to change everything, but her guts for that sort of thing hadn't come out of hiding yet. Besides, it wouldn't be truthful to have said anything else. \"You were the first mate on my boat, The Jolly Dodger II. We wrecked the first one saving the city from a maniac toad and his plans to flood Ratropolis. You can still be first mate, if you want Roddy.\" \"I don't think it could do any harm. Maybe once I'm better.\" \"You'd be surprised how dangerous it is, especially for you.\" \"What, am I some first-class klutz or something?\" Inside, Rita was thinking. First-class? Yeah. Klutz? Not so much. What she said was much different. \"Kind of. The whole reason you're down here is you were flushed down a Kensington toilet. You're always tripping on things on the boat too.\" \"Is that how I conked my head?\" Here was the hard part. She gulped, thought out her words and answered carefully with a sigh. \"Not really. We were fighting. You wanted to go to shore and I didn't. You tried to wrestle the steering wheel from me and I wrestled it from you too hard.\" \"Oh. Was that why you were crying?\" \"Yeah. Kind of. I feel like it's my fault.\" \"I shouldn't have been such a fur ball. It's not your fault I was. Don't blame yourself.\" \"You did have a decent reason. A bit. You had ripped your pants. You had extra on the boat, but I didn't help you at all and you were angry.\" \"I STILL shouldn't have been such a fur ball.\" Then, his face turned bright red. \"Did you...Rita...my pants ripped...did you...?\" She burst out laughing. Unable to control her laughter, she just shook her head no. The look on his face right now was priceless. Just like the old Roddy! He wasn't the old Roddy though, she realized as she calmed down. A sad look came into her eyes. She couldn't admit her feelings when she was basically a stranger to him again. \"I should be going.\" \"What's wrong? Will you come back?\" \"You'll be out of here in no time. I have a business to run, and I have to do twice the chores now. I don't mind at all, but they need doing. I'll arrange for you to be dropped off at my parents' house. Nothing's wrong. I'm fine. Really.\" \"I can get a job and rent. I wouldn't be that hard.\" \"It would be fine for you to stay with us. My family absolutely loves you.\" She had to stop herself from adding a 'me too'. She noticed a flicker of recognition in his eyes though. Roddy had had a quick memory flashback when she mentioned her family. He had seen himself on a kitchen table singing about underwear to a large family, who was cheering him on. Odd, but surprisingly heart-warming to remember. Then, Rita left and he was alone in his dark room, the blinds pulled down over the window, and even in his mind. The memories were there, but they were hiding.[Chapter 6] It was the day when Roddy would come home. Rita's siblings were all very excited and so were her parents. Only two in the house weren't. Rita had mixed feelings and wasn't sure whether Roddy would be the same as before. Karleen wasn't excited either, because she had looked amnesia up on the internet and was sure he wouldn't be the same. Amnesia patients usually weren't, she had found out. Roddy came off the taxi boat and his eyes widened as he took in the swaying form of the house. He shook his head, then turned back to the taxi. Rita watched it all from her window in a state of shock. When Karleen came back from her shower, she discovered Rita in the corner, clutching her knees and crying. Karleen looked out the window. Nothing. No stampede could be heard. Roddy, the idiot, had probably turned back at the last moment. Rita couldn't stop crying. \"Why, Karly? Why?\" The sixteen year old muttered angrily as she put her hand on her sister's back. \"Rita, amnesia is a weird thing. They don't have the memories tying them to that place anymore. He doesn't remember what you've been through together, so he was able to leave. Don't take it so hard.\" Rita gradually stopped crying, but she was sombre and depressed for days afterwards. Finally, Karleen was tired of being a roomie with her and wanted her sister back! How dare that creep abandon Rita! No Roderick St. James was going to disappoint a Malone! Fuelled by her anger, she stormed into town on her small boat, the Microchip, and phoned from the pay phone nearest the dock. She wouldn't dare use the family phone to do this. \"Yes? Operator? I'd like the number of a Mister Roderick St. James. No, don't bother putting me through to him. I just want the number. Thanks.\" After writing it down and hanging up, she deciphered the number. Havarti Avenue was the place to go. Man, he really didn't have money. Havarti was the seedy side of Ratropolis. She deciphered it further and discovered he was renting an apartment on the street. After hailing a taxi, she arrived at the decrepit red building. After paying the driver to wait a while she stormed to the front and read the numbers. Carla Jesse? Oh. No. Bad, bad and double bad. She was next to Roddy's apartment! Carla was the number one heart-breaker in the city. If only she wasn't too late. Karly raced up the stairs of the low to no security building. Arriving at 103, she knocked. The Roddy who answered looked so tired and worn out. \"What's up? Who are you, miss?\" \"Karleen Malone. Rita's sister. How's it going?\" \"Not great. I was dumped by my new girlfriend today.\" \"Carla Jesse?\" \"Have you been stalking me...Karleen? How did you know that?\" Karly rolled her eyes. \"It doesn't take a genius. She's next door and she's famous for dumping guys after the first date.\" \"Why are you here?\" \"To save you heartbreak and knock some sense into you!\" \"Give it a whirl. Be my guest. Go ahead.\" \"Alright then. YOU SLIME FACED, CHEESE-NOSED, BACK STABBING, STINKY BREATHED, SON OF A WOODEN WORM! You fight with my sister, ignore her and leave her. NOBODY, and I mean NOBODY crosses a Malone and gets away with it!\" \"Rita said we were only friends. Why are you so upset?\" \"I'm upset because you ignored my family and sister and hooked up with THE DUMPSTER HERSELF! I'm tired of rooming with a zombie! Got that, Roderick? Come back or deal with ME?\" She stuck her thumb in her chest for good measure. Roddy looked shocked, as well he should have been. His voice softened. \"Why is Rita a zombie?\" \"She saw you get out of the taxi then turn back.\" \"Why is that such a big deal?\" \"You really are a slime faced fur ball, you know that? You're acting dumb as a post too, if you don't mind me adding that.\" \"Actually, I do. I want you to stop.\" Suddenly, he felt his tie yanked by one of Karleen's hands and her other hand making a fist under his chin. \"Still sure you want to mess with me, Roderick? I'm not just a computer geek. I'm a country girl.\" \"Fine, fine! Just put me down. I'll come back with you. I won't pack my stuff yet, but I'll give your family a fair chance.\" \"You'd better, bud.\" Then she released her hold, smiled cheerfully and grabbed his wrist, bringing him to the waiting taxi. When they arrived back at Karleen's house, she brought him out of the car. When the kids tried to hug him, she held a hand out to signal for them to stop. Miraculously, they listened. Karly brought Roddy upstairs. \"Karleen, I still don't understand why she's a zombie.\" \"You really are dense Roddy. She might tell you herself, so wait.\" They walked into Rita's room and there she was in the corner, sobbing as she banged her head against the green wall. \"Rita? It's Karly. There's someone here to see you.\" \"Karly. I know you're just trying to help, but I heard. He has a girlfriend. He turned back. He hates me. You know he's the only one I'd accept a visit with.\" \"So, Rita. Who's the guy?\" Rita whirled around quickly, her eyes widening as she slowly stood up on wobbly legs. \"Is that really you, Roddy?\" \"Don't believe your eyes? Sometimes it IS hard to see what's plainly right in front of them, isn't it?\" Karleen smiled and walked from the room to leave them alone. Rita walked closer to Roddy slowly. Gently, she touched his chest. It WAS him! She sobbed. \"I'm sorry Roddy. I'm so, so sorry.\" \"I'm the one who should be sorry. Something with my ex-girlfriend triggered my memory and I wonder now, after your sister almost pounded me to a pulp, why I didn't see it before.\" Before she could answer, he drew her close. As she was stuttering a response, he put his finger to her lips. When he withdrew it, she was silent. That's when it happened. He joined his lips to hers oh so gently for a long first kiss. When they withdrew, they were breathless. Their eyes shone. \"I love you, Rita. I've wished for the guts to say it for a long time.\" \"That makes two of us. I was afraid of what you'd think. Afraid your feelings were different. Then, I lost my chance.\" \"I gained mine.\" ","Summary":" Prologue After saving Ratropolis, Rita invited Roddy to be her first mate. In between trips, they s"},{"Movie":"Flushed Away","Title":"Flushed Away: What If?","Author":"BlueRenamon","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4093864","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Welcome tornmy first Flushed Away fic. The premise for this came to me whenrnreading the director's commentary on the DVD (something they'drnbrushed upon), and I felt it was too good to resist… Disclaimer:rnRoddy, Rita and the entire Flushed Away cast, story and universe as arnwhole are the intellectual property of DeamWorks/Aardman. They, asrnwell as any references to the film, are used without permissionrnpurely for the purposes of entertainment. This plot does, however,rnbelong to me. It can be copied and pasted (should you choose to) asrnlong as the author (me) is credited. Now, on tornthe story… FlushedrnAway: What if…? Chapter I What ifrnSid had never made it to the pub? He wouldn't have ended up Up Top.rnHe would never have met Roddy. And Roddy, who wouldn't have beenrnflushed away, would never have met Rita… Or wouldrnhe? The JammyrnDodger rested in silence, moored tight to the edge of the sewer. Allrnwas quiet aboard. The engine was off, the lights were cold andrnlifeless. The only sounds was the gentle lap of the water against thernhull of the ship, and the lightly tempered breathing of the ship'srnpilot: one Rita Malone.[Chapter 2] Disclaimer:rnRoddy, Rita and the entire Flushed Away cast, story and universe as arnwhole are the intellectual property of DeamWorks/Aardman. They, asrnwell as any references to the film, are used without permissionrnpurely for the purposes of entertainment. This plot does, however,rnbelong to me. It can be copied and pasted (should you choose to) asrnlong as the author (me) is credited, and this disclaimer remainsrnintact. FlushedrnAway: What if…? Part Two The watersrnon the western edge of Hyde Park were notorious for their rapids andrnstrong currents, especially in the vicinity of the treatment plant.rnIt was a well known no-go area for most nautical adventurers – evenrnsome of the more intrepid amongst them wouldn't have dared to try andrnnavigate their way through. A sturdy ship, an impeccable pilotingrnability, and - above all else - a strong stomach were needed to evenrncontemplate traversing such a hazardous section of the sewers. But Ritarnwas pretty sure that she had all three. Prettyrnsure… If the Dodger could hold up to it. But atrnthis point it was far too late for her to be second-guessing herself. \"Inrnfor a penny, in for a pound.\" She thought aloud to nobody inrnparticular, attempting to reassure herself as much as anything else. One thingrnthat had been playing over in the back of her mind was that shernhadn't seen hide nor hair of the Toad's Hench-rats since she'd leftrnthe city. She wasn't sure if that was a good thing or a bad thing.rnBut one thing she knew for sure was that the Toad never gave up thatrneasily. Was this the calm before the storm? Judgingrnfrom the waters up ahead the storm was already beginning. \"OKrnRita,\" she thought aloud once again, eyes focused dead ahead atrnthe corroded, twisted grate that covered the entry tunnel to therntreatment plant, \"You only get one chance at this.\" Lockingrnthe helm in place with a large safety-pin and setting the engine tornhalf-throttle, she left the Jammie's course to the tumultuous currentrnthat drew it in towards the gaping maw. Leaping to the back of thernboat, Rita quickly tied herself to the deck, via herrnbelt, using the emergency stop parachute's deploy lines. She was smart enoughrnto replace her old leather-styled belt with something a little bit stronger andrnmuch more durable: the cable she'd used to escape the Toad's lair. She quickly grabbed hold of one of the aftrnmooring lines. She'd attached a crudely styled grappling hook to itrnjust for the occasion. Swinging it around her shoulder she quicklyrnlooked from the course ahead to the crossbars of the gate. They, thernDodger and herself, were mere moments away from passing through. \"Onernchance. One chance.\" She repeated as she swung the line fasterrnand faster, \"Three, two, one, GO!\" Shernreleased, the grappling hook flying up into the air as the Dodgerrnpassed onwards through the fang-like wrought-iron gate. Rita ranrnurgently right to the stern, unknowingly digging her fingers hardrninto the rubber half-tyre that made up the aft quarters if the boat. \"Gornon, go on!\" She urged, feeling the momentum of the boat and therntorrent that carried it grow in intensity. Therngrappler and rope flew in what seemed to almost be a time-lapsed arc.rnThe whole world around Rita felt as if it had slowed right down to arnnear standstill. She dare not even draw breath. With arnloud clunk the grappler collided with one of the vertical bars,rnlosing both pace and direction. \"Ohrnno!\" Rita gasped. She'd missed. There was nothing she could dornnow but watch as the line and grappler fell into the water, and maybernawait her soon-to-be watery demise. To herrnutter disbelief and amazement, the clawed mechanism managed to fallrnon the downstream side of one of the lower crossbars. As the Dodgerrnsurged forwards the line caught, snagged and pulled taut. The boatrncame to a violent halt, shuddering and groaning, flinging Ritarnherself forwards as the Dodger stopped but she didn't. Lucky thatrnshe'd used the parachute to tie herself down. But, SNAP! \"Ohrnshi-!\" SPLASH! The impactrnagainst the water alone knocked the wind out of her, and a momentrnlater the shock made her inhale sharply. Not a good idea when yournwere half-submerged in a raging river of death. Chokingrnand spluttering, Rita fought desperately but futilely against therncurrent. Then, against the white noise that was the water raging allrnaround her, she heard a very loud twang, and managed to turn in timernto see that the parachute still had one line attached to the boat. The forcernof the last tie with the Dodger straining like that pulled Rita backrnbelow the surface. She soon realised that she wasn't sinking far, andrnmustered up as much will and strength as she could. But it wouldn'trnallow her to resurface. Rita knewrnthat she was half way drowned from the burning that was erupting inrnher lungs. She had maybe half a minute left at this rate. Probablyrnless if she continued to struggle without success. Just enough timernto do one last thing… With onernhuge, arching thrust-punch, Rita made a desperate grab for the tautrnparachute line. She felt her fingers brush past it. As quickly as sherncould she repeated the process with her other hand, this time gainingrnpurchase. It was just enough to pull herself up a bit, but she stillrncouldn't quite reach the surface, and the vital air that her lungsrnnow screamed for. Comernon, Rita! A voice ordered in her head, Don't give up now! She couldrnalready feel herself growing woozy. Her vision was growing darkrnaround the edges as the oxygen in her body was all but used up. Don'trnyou dare give up now! The voice in her head screamed at her. Who wasrnshe to argue? Pullingrnthe wire to her mouth she began to gnaw at it. She felt a distantrnpain in the palms of her hands, no doubt friction burns. But thernvoice in her head told her to ignore it and keep going at the wire. Arnmoment later she felt a new pain. Not in her hands, but in her mouth.rnIt felt like something had bitten her tongue. Somethingrnelse struck her as odd; she was moving! She brokernthe surface of the water, reflex forcing her to retch and then inhalerndeeply several times, expelling the fluid from her lungs and drawingrnin oxygen. Everything hurt. Everything was pain. But pain was good.rnIt meant she was still alive. As shernturned in the current of that great torrent she found herself facingrndownstream… and heading straight towards a very large waterfall. \"Ohrnjoy!\" In thernnext instant Rita found herself experience weightlessness, and thatrnterrible gut-wrenching feeling that marked the anticipation of arnlong, fast plummet. \"AAAH!\"rnShe cried, closing her eyes, not daring to look down. She onlyrnreopened them when she realised that the falling sensation she'drnexpected wasn't there, \"Hold the phone.\" She lookedrndown. Was the bottom of the cistern getting further away, or was herrnmind just playing tricks on her? It must have been the oxygenrndeprivation. \"Yargh!\"rnRita cried, finding herself twirled around and upside down. Thernparachute plastic bag was above her, inflated and floating upwards inrnthe warm updraft provided by whatever chemical reactions were takingrnplace in that barely visible pool far below her. She grasped at thernhandle, realising that she was twirling because the rope around herrnwas unravelling. \"Oh,rnsure, now you come loose.\" She rolled her eyes sarcastically.rnThe bag tugged her upwards roughly, urging her to concentrate andrnhold on tight. In lessrntime than it took to blink she suddenly found herself in the openrnair. \"Ohrnwow!\" She gasped in awe. The viewrnwas stunning. Spreading out in all directions as far as the eye couldrnsee, the sprawling human city of London. She had seen pictures of itrnback home in the decayed remnants of maps, postcards and otherrntrinkets washed into the sewers. Even the city of Ratropolisrnresembled it. But nothing could have prepared her for the sheer scopernof it all. It tookrnher breath away. But shernrealised that she faced one other major problem, \"How on Earthrndo I get down?\" \"Craw!\" Rita'srnears twitched. She jerked her head around, startled, trying to findrnwhat and where the source of the sound was. Her movement caused herrnto spin, giving her the full circle view of the surroundings. Arnlittle way off, with a bit more altitude than she had, was a largernblack and white bird. A magpie, she soon realised. It was workingrnhard to gain altitude, and it's gaze was locked firmly on her. \"Probablyrnjust curious…\" she thought aloud. Magpies weren't exactly thernkind of bird that went after rats and mice, but the sight of onerndangling from a British Airways carrier bag would have grabbed thernattention of just about anything, even the most disinterested orrnindifferent observer. \"Craw!\"rnIt called out again. Rita didn't speak bird, but that sure didrnsound aggravated and mennacing. A glint ofrnlight caught her in the eye, making her wince and breaking her trainrnof thought. Where had that come from? She looked away from thernmagpie, gazing downwards. It happened again; a bright gleam, with arnslight red tint to it. As she continued to turn it dimmed down enoughrnfor her to get a good look. It was coming from her pocket. \"Thernruby!\" With all the commotion she'd completely forgotten aboutrnit. Rita reached down to take the ruby out of her pocket, bringing itrnup for a closer inspection, \"Phew!\" She sighed with relief. \"Craw!\"rnShe heard again. And it sounded much closer than before. Too close. Her headrnjerked up, and there was the magpie, diving straight towards her!rnIt's gaze was locked firmly on her. Wait, no… Something else. Herrnhand? No, wait… The ruby. Ritarnrealised her mistake. Magpies and shiny objects. \"Uh-oh.\" It's feetrnwere outstretched, ready to grab at the precious stone she heldrnaloft. It still twinkled in the sunlight. There was no way for Ritarnto move out of the way in time; the bag was just too slow. Thernmagpie; too fast to change course. There wasrnonly one thing to do. Rita letrngo of the bag. Roddy StrnJames was what most would consider a pampered pet. He'd never trulyrngone wanting for as long as he could remember, his owner – Tabitharnand her family – giving him anything that he could possibly need.[Chapter 3] Disclaimer:rnRoddy, Rita and the entire Flushed Away cast, story and universe as arnwhole are the intellectual property of DeamWorks/Aardman. They, asrnwell as any references to the film, are used without permissionrnpurely for the purposes of entertainment. This plot does, however,rnbelong to me. It can be copied and pasted (should you choose to) asrnlong as the author (me) is credited, and this disclaimer remainsrnintact. FlushedrnAway: What if…?[Chapter 4] Disclaimer:rnRoddy, Rita and the entire Flushed Away cast, story and universe as arnwhole are the intellectual property of DeamWorks/Aardman. They, asrnwell as any references to the film, are used without permissionrnpurely for the purposes of entertainment. This plot does, however,rnbelong to me. It can be copied and pasted (should you choose to) asrnlong as the author (me) is credited, and this disclaimer remainsrnintact. FlushedrnAway: What if…?[Chapter 5] Disclaimer:rnRoddy, Rita and the entire Flushed Away cast, story and universe as arnwhole are the intellectual property of DeamWorks/Aardman. They, asrnwell as any references to the film, are used without permissionrnpurely for the purposes of entertainment. This plot does, however,rnbelong to me. It can be copied and pasted (should you choose to) asrnlong as the author (me) is credited, and this disclaimer remainsrnintact. FlushedrnAway: What if…?[Chapter 6] Disclaimer: Roddy, Rita and the entire Flushed Away cast, story and universe as a whole are the intellectual property of DeamWorks/Aardman Disclaimer: Roddy, Rita and the entire Flushed Away cast, story and universe as a whole are the intellectual property of DeamWorks/Aardman. They, as well as any references to the film, are used without permission purely for the purposes of entertainment. This plot does, however, belong to me. It can be copied and pasted (should you choose to) as long as the author (me) is credited, and this disclaimer remains intact. Flushed Away: What if…? Part Six Roddy found himself in what he could only describe as the most unusual situation of his life to date. He was hanging, upside-down, on a line cast from one end on the shore, to the other end tied to what he hoped was a boat. The whole world was the wrong way up. But it wasn't the compromising position that left him disorientated. It was the fast-flowing water barely a few centimetres below his head. He gulped loudly, although the sound was drowned out by the rush of the water. Closing his eyes for a moment alleviated the dizziness. When he opened them again, he made sure not to look down, but dead ahead. Thick rubber soles, Union flag trousers, long pink tail…. Rita seemed to be doing a much better job of this than he was. But then, this kind of activity did seem to be her sort of thing. Still, at least the view wasn't too bad. \"How are you holding up back there?\" Rita's voice interrupted his thoughts. Roddy nodded in reply, only at that point realising that she wasn't looking back, \"Oh, not too bad, actually.\" He hoped his voice hadn't betrayed him, \"It's just a shame there isn't an easier way to do this.\" He added with a nervous laugh. \"It's not too far now,\" Rita reassured him, then added jokingly, \"So you could swim from here if you like.\" Roddy looked along the length of rope before them. The boat, still in shadow – although much more easily distinguishable than before – wasn't much further way. But, at this point, the water was far more turbulent than before. \"I'd rather not.\" He confessed earnestly. \"Well then.\" Rita pulled herself along even further, \"Let's keep going.\" Much to his surprise, Spike found that the water at the bottom of the cistern wasn't as bad as it looked. It didn't burn because of the chemicals. It didn't boil him like a new potato. If anything, it felt more like a hot-tub. There was a slight current off to one side, where the water was being gently sucked into another inlet. Spike wondered where it led to, but thought better than to try and find out. \"You OK down there, Spike?\" He heard Whitey shout from a long way above. A quick check gave him the answer. Two arms, two legs, one tail, one head…. \"Yeah, I'm fine Whitey!\" There was a slight splash off to the side, which he soon realised was a rope. There were several dubious looking knots more or less evenly spaced along it's length, clearly where they'd tied the shorter lengths together in order for it to reach him. \"Grab hold!\" Thimblenose Ted's voice permeated the violence of the waterfalls as they crashed into the pool, \"We haven't got all day!\" Spike rolled his eyes, deciding to save time by not responding and simply tying the rope around his waist. A couple of tugs indicated that he was ready for the ascent, and he soon found himself lifted clear of the water. Looking on as his four comrades in crime hoisted him out of the water, Spike couldn't help but notice that they'd tied off themselves – and the rope from which he now dangled – with the line from the Dodger to the end of the tunnel. Even if they dropped him, none of them could fall. \"Why didn't we think of that before?\" He muttered, to no-one in particular. The deck rocked back and forth below Roddy's feet, and he was forced to swallow hard in order to steel himself against a growing sense of nausea rising in the pit of his stomach. The green tint that washed over his face wasn't lost on Rita, \"First time on a boat, huh?\" Roddy nodded, gulping, \"Uh-huh.\" \"Don't worry, it'll pass\" She reassured him, taking the time to check out every possible hiding place on her boat for intruders. There were none, but that still left the question of the line they'd just crawled along. Roddy held firmly onto the side of the boat, \"Really? How long does it take?\" \"Usually?\" Rita cleared her throat, taking up position at the helm and doing her pre-launch checks, \"A while…\" Roddy decided it best to just swallow and bear it. He knew that the more he thought about it, the worse it would be. So he needed a distraction. And Rita was it. He closely watched every move she made as she prepped the vessel, twiddled the controls, tested the helm. It seemed she was being awfully thorough. \"Is everything alright?\" Roddy asked, partially curious, partially concerned. Rita turned to look at him, an eyebrow raised questioningly, \"What makes you ask?\" Roddy noted the avoidance of the question, \"Well, you just seem to be doing…. Whatever it is that you're doing…. Awfully thoroughly.\" Rita gave off a slightly bemused chuckle which Roddy found strangely reassuring. \"Don't worry so much.\" She returned to the last check, \"The boat won't sink from under you, you know.\" Taking Roddy by surprise, Rita jumped down from the cockpit to the deck with a loud thud, taking the engine chain in her hands and giving it a firm yank. The first couple of efforts proved fruitless, but the third yielded a reassuring splutter from the lower decks. A small plume of black smoke emerged from the chimney stack. \"You almost had it that time.\" Roddy leaned back against the side of the boat. \"Almost,\" Rita nodded, \"Could you give me a hand?\" Stepping forwards purposefully, he rolled up his sleeves and adorned a serious, businesslike look, \"Aye skipper. How can I help?\" Rita rested her hands on her belt, smirking at him with a slight scoff. She watched as he rubbed his hands together determinedly. \"Hold your horses, matey. I need you to go into the cockpit and work the throttle for me.\" Roddy saluted, kicking his feet together and standing to attention. He then turned on his heels and quick-marched over to the controls. Looking over them, they all seemed so confusing, so foreign, so… alien. Not surprising since he'd never piloted a boat before. \"Um…\" He looked back over his shoulder, \"Which one's the throttle?\" Rita rolled her eyes, \"It's the big grey lever.\" \"And what do you want me to do with it?\" \"Yank it out and throw it overboard.\" \"Right-o Capt- wait, what?\" he looked at her and blinked. Rita couldn't stifle the giggles as they erupted, \"It's a throttle, Roddy. What do you think you do with it?\" \"Throttle it?\" He offered earnestly. Narrowing her eyes, Rita tried to figure out if he was being serious or not. The slight tremor in the corner of his mouth – clearly trying not to grin – gave him away. \"OK, mister smarty-pants, just pull on that lever when I tell you to, or else it's the long walk for you.\" \"Long walk?\" \"A long walk off a short pier.\" Roddy saluted, \"Yes Ma'am.\" And turned back to his duties. Rita chuckled lightly. Having a first mate was turning out to be more fun than she'd expected. \"OK, and… Pull!\" Spike and the others were all safely out of the water. Securely tied to the Dodger, somewhere up the tunnel and out of sight, the small henchrat allowed himself to glance down into the depths of the cistern once again. Despite the warm updrafts from the water below, Spike felt a sinister chill run up his spine. Had he really come that far? \"Guys,\" Thimblenose Ted broke Spike's train of though, \"Look at the rope.\" The direction he was pointing followed the line to the Dodger, which kept growing taut and then slack with regular frequency. Following the length to the tied-off end, the simple knot which had secured it was clearly working loose with each stressful jolt it received. \"What d'you think's causing that?\" Whitey asked, puzzled. Spike had realised it in an instant, \"Rita…\" he said beneath his breath. One more jolt, and the knot securing the line came loose. \"Hold your breath, lads.\" Spike warned, mustering a little courage that he thought ought to be beyond him at that point, \"This is gonna get rough!\" \"C'mon, damnit!\" Rita grumbled in frustration as she forced the Dodger's throttle to full force, \"Why aren't you moving?\" Even at full thrust, the little ship had remained immobile. True, the currents that were pulling the boat backwards were strong, but when she'd come down initially it hadn't required full throttle to hold that position. By any measure, they should have been pulling upstream. So what was wrong? Broken impeller? No, she could hear it. Grounded? Not likely in this current. No, something was definitely amiss. \"Um, Rita?\" Roddy's voice broke in. \"Nor now, Roddy.\" She waved her hand without even turning back to look, \"I'm trying to get us moving.\" \"But Rita…\" There was a slight whine to his tone, mixed in with a little pleading. It was enough to grab her attention. \"What is it?\" She turned, rolling her eyes in the process. Roddy pointed to a line cast from the stern, flapping about in the water as it was put under the strain of the boat, \"What's this?\" Rita was about to answer, when suddenly it went slack, as if cut. The Dodger suddenly jerked forwards, free of whatever obstruction the rope had symbolised. Rita managed to maintain her balance at the helm, turning back to steer the boat. She heard a soft thud, and assumed it was Roddy falling. \"Whatever that was, we're free now.\" She pushed the throttle forwards again, allowing them to power through the turbulent crosscurrents. Progress was comparatively slow, but they were moving in the right direction. The sound of Roddy picking himself up and dusting off was barely audible over the roar of the water, but at least that meant he was fine. That came as a slight relief. Not that he could really do himself much harm just falling on the deck, though. Unless he managed to end up overboard, but Rita doubted he'd venture to the sides of the boat until he got his sea-legs. \"Anything I can do to help?\" came an unexpected offer from the gentleman rat. \"Um…\" The offer had taken her by surprise, \"Ok. Sure. See that line at the front?\" she pointed to the one that had given the Dodger purchase on the wrought iron bars. Roddy nodded, then realised she couldn't see him, given she was still looking forwards, \"Yes?\" \"Think you could manage to reel that in as we pass through the bars?\" Nodding confidently – or at least, in an attempt to breath some confidence into himself – Roddy stepped forwards without so much as a word. Having a ship-hand was already proving very useful, Rita thought, allowing a slight smile to spread across her lips. She realised just how often she was allowing that to happen. Whitey was confused, bordering on alarmed. One minute he'd been standing safe and secured on a cross-pipe, dry, warm and secure. Now, he found himself being dragged slowly upstream, in cold, rampant waters. He was glad for the rope, stopping him from following that current back into that ever so long fall. A spluttering voice, filled not just with water, but with a slight lacing of fear could vaguely be made out over the ambient roar, \"Whitey! Grab the rope!\" Which rope? He could make out several; one for each of the rats being drawn in the Dodger's wake, and the main line that represented the main reason they were moving in the right direction. Wait, maybe that was it? Their best way out of this was back aboard the boat. That meant pull on the big line. With grim determination, Whitey reached with both hands for the rope. \"OK, I've got it!\" Roddy called back to the cockpit as he reeled the line around his arm. The rope was deceptively thin, betraying little of the strength that it must have had to hold strong against the forces of the current. It was strange. He certainly wouldn't have put his life in the hands of this old, rotted length. But then again, he wasn't an experienced mariner. Rita, on the other hand… He hadn't been around her that long, but he was already feeling a strong sense of respect for the streetwise attitude she had shown so-far. At any rate, it certainly put him to shame. \"Cheers, Roddy!\" She called back from the helm gratefully, \"Just wrap it up and toss it below!\" \"Aye aye, skipper!\" He saluted with elaborate vigour. He noted as she rolled her eyes with a slight smirk. He felt one of his own cross his lips. Back to the task in hand, he soon had the rope wound around his elbow in a neat coil. Moving back from the bow, towards the ladder that led into the hold, he tossed it listlessly, satisfied that it had ended up in the right place when he heard the dull thud and none of the accompanying sounds of catastrophe that he'd half-expected. Rubbing his hands together as if cleaning them off, he looked up again. The Dodger was well clear of the iron bars now, almost to the mouth of the tunnel. The current, whilst still strong, was measurably calmer now if their rate of progress was anything to go by. Even the roar seemed to have subsided a little bit. As he moved to look forwards again, something caught his attention out of the corner of his eye, forcing him to do a double take. There was something attached to them via the stern-rope that he and Rita has dismissed from their thoughts after they'd worked their way free. And whatever it was, it seemed to be gaining on them. \"Rita?\" This time she looked back without question or protest. Roddy simply pointed aft. He watched as Rita squinted, trying to focus better on the object. \"What the heck is that?\" She asked. \"You don't know?\" Roddy was puzzled. It was, after all, her ship. He'd assumed it was her line too. \"Not a clue.\" She admitted, blinking, then squinting to see a second time, \"Wait, it seems to be moving. Roddy nodded. \"Wait a minute…\" Rita shook her head in disbelief, \"It can't be!\" \"Can't be what?\" \"Rats!\" By now, all of the henchrats had gained purchase on Whitey as he reeled them in. They held on tightly, and it just made the job harder for him, but he didn't let it stop him. He wanted to be on dry ground as much as any rat did. \"I think they've seen us!\" The shrill voice behind him made him jerk, almost losing his grip. Looking up, he noticed the two figures on the boat looking in their direction. One, dressed in green, stood at the helm. Whitey recognised Rita instantly. The second, apparently wearing a white shirt and black trousers, was close to the aft of the small vessel. He also noted, with alarm, that it was working to untie the end of the rope. \"Rats?\" Roddy questioned in disbelief, \"How did rats get attached to your boat?\" \"I don't know!\" Rita replied tersely, \"But we have to shake them! Quick, untie the rope!\" Leaping quickly into action, he dived for the stern. His hands were on the line in an instant, trying to undo what looked like an organised chaos of tangled rope. It was an absolute mess. Whoever had done it clearly didn't want it undoing. Every time he loosened a bit of it, another bit tightened. He soon found himself going in circles. And every moment was one more wasted. Roddy had no idea who these rats were, but Rita was clearly not eager to meet them. And that was reason enough for him to feel the same. To his dismay, the knot just wouldn't budge. \"I can't get it open!\" He called back to the cockpit with alarm. He glared at the rope, hoping that would somehow force it into submission. But, being a rope, it remained impervious to such intimidation. \"Then cut it off with something!\" Looking around frantically, he saw a blunt pair of scissors secured to the back of the cockpit. They looked old and blunt, but it was better than nothing. Desperation filling his every move, he pounced on the opportunity, prising the means to cut the rope free of their restraints and heading back to the line. Gripping each of the oversized finger-holes tightly in both hands, he lined them up with the rope. He was just about to cut, when, \"I wouldn't be doin' that if I was you.\" Roddy looked up slowly. Standing – no, towering – over him was without a doubt the largest Rat he had ever laid eyes on. It was well dressed in an albeit wet suit, dripping dirty green water onto the deck. Each of it's arms were as thick as Roddy's own body, and he couldn't fully stifle the yelp that came from his lips. Roddy also noted with discomfort the four other rats accompanying this big, white brute. \"Um, R-Rita?\" Roddy said in a highish voice. \"Just cut the rope, Roddy!\" Rita was concentrating hard on steering the Dodger clear of the rapids, so she hadn't yet seen what was going on in the aft quarters. \"You may want to see this…\" came the hushed response. \"Look, I'm a little busy trying to steer us clear of disaster,\" she turned her head, \"So if you could just-\" she fell silent. \"Hello Rita.\" Spike said with a malicious grin. \"Oh shi-\" The sound of a collision cut Rita short. Several of the rat forms were sent flying through the air as the Dodger came to a violent halt. Then, all hell broke loose. End of Part Six Sorry that took so long to get out. I can honestly say that it's been time constraints that have stopped me progressing with this story, rather than writer's block. It's all down in my mind, so it's just a case of transferring it to the computer. If any of you could build a mind-machine interface, I'd be very much obliged! The next chapter is underway. I should have it finished within the next week or two, so it'll be along in short order. Watch this space! And thanks for reading. ","Summary":" Welcome tornmy first Flushed Away fic. The premise for this came to me whenrnreading the director's"},{"Movie":"Center Stage","Title":"Nothing Left For Me To Do","Author":"Cruxifixus","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/1144319","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: I do not own Center Stage I just play with the toys. All chewnmarks will be removed before returning them. Please R&R;! Nothing Left For Me To Do - Chapter One It was the nausea that had woken Maureen. The burning sensation from thenstomach acid that was currently rising through her chest prompted her lithenbody to course into action. She pushed the thick blanket away quickly; shendidn't notice the body next to her stir into movement. The figure of Maureen hurtled towards the bedroom door and hastily pullednit aside. She barely had chance to fall to her knees as an intense wave ofnnausea hit her. Maureen placed her hands around the toilet as her stomachnproceeded to empty its contents into the white ceramic bowl. A presence emerged behind her but all attention was focused as her visionnswam and she battled to stay consciousness. A hand pulled her fine black hair away from her face and she could feelncool, strong fingers brush along her back. 'You okay?' Jim's deep voice questioned as he ran his free along the lengthnof her back. Maureen's only reply was to lower her head closer to the bowlnand close her eyes. Maureen shivered inwardly, the iciness of the ceramic tiles her kneesnrested upon made her frozen form shake. Jim was now kneeling behind her,none strong arm around her weak shoulders. He knew what it had been likenwhen Maureen had suffered from bulimia; he was almost afraid to leave hernalone. This time it was different. This time it wasn't the bulimia makingnher ill, this time it was due to her pregnancy. The timid and drained Maureen raised her self back onto her knees and intonJim's embrace. 'You okay?' Jim repeated, whispering the question to her left ear. Maureennoffered him a weak smile and small nod, its all she had the energy to do.nJim tightened his arm around Maureen' s shoulders as he rubbed her roundnstomach gently. Six months ago she found out she was pregnant, a concept that had beenncompletely alien to her 5 years ago. It hard been to accept at first, shenhad never gained weight like this before and if she was honest withnherself, it was more then a little scary. Five long years had passed since that fateful assessment performance atnABA. Maureen had lost count of the number of times she envisaged herself onnthat stage, listening to the sound of the audience holding its breath. Shenknew it was the right thing to do, she had been miserable there,nincrassated in a living hell on earth always trying to seek praise fromnthose around her. 'So you coming back to bed'? Jim's voice shattered her thoughts. Maureennnodded again as Jim proceeded to lift her to her feet. She turned while thentoilet gushed loudly as her husband guided her gently along the darknhallway. The warm softness of the mattress was a welcome change from the coldnhardness of the bathroom tiles. The thick blankets still held a remaindernof the warmth she had left before her dash to the toilet. Maureen sank down into the depths of the softness around her and tried tonfind a comfortable position to sleep; no mean feat when you are six monthsnpregnant, Maureen thought to herself quietly. She moved down into Jim'snchest and breathed I that aroma he always seemed to have. This prompted hernhusband to once again place his arm around her and hug her body closer tonhim. A/N: Please let me know what you think as this is my first Center Stagenfanfic; honesty is the best tool I can use to improve my writing for thenenjoyment of you guys![Chapter 2] Disclaimer: I do not own Center Stage I just play with the toys. All chewnmarks will be removed before returning them. Please R&R;! Nothing Left For Me To Do - Chapter Two 'Alright, alright' Maureen breathed as the baby filling her belly kickednher roughly. Since she had woken to deposit her stomach lining in the toilet thenprevious evening, Maureen had failed to get anymore sleep. The weary figurenthrew her legs over the side of the bed and stretched her back luxuriously.nOne slender hand massaged her back while the other gently slid under thenwaistband of her jammies to rub the harsh roundness of her once flatternstomach. 'It's the stomach acid you know' Jim put mentioned matter of factly. 'What?' Maureen twisted around as best she could and threw a genuinelynpuzzled look at her lover. 'Your stomach acid' Jim went on 'it has to pass the uterus for you to bringnit up'. Maureen cringed at the thought of last night's drama; she hadn'tnbeen sick like that for a while and it brought back some horrid memories. This was a common occurrence for Jim, ever since he had passed his finalnyear medical exams with flying colours; he would drop useful hints onnMaureen's pregnancy into the conversation. At least, they were useful tonhim. Maureen found them a little more annoying. Jim flopped down on the bed behind Maureen and proceeded to massage hernaching back for her. She loved it when he did this for her; the pain andnintense feeling seemed to melt away at the fingertips of his strongnembrace. Jim's free hand took the same path as Maureen's had as it slippednaround her body and came to rest on top of hers, which was still restingninside her waistband. 'I have an hour to kill, what do you say we..' Jim whispered seductivelyninto her ear that sent shivers down her spine. 'I cant' Maureen uttered; she pushed Jims hand away from her swollennstomach as she raised her self gently from the bed. Maureen walked away,naway from Jim. She could feel tears forming behind her eyes without anynsuggestion why. She raised her hands to her eyes and pressed the tearsnaway, she had no reason to cry. Why had she refused her partner intimacynlike that? Maureen turned back to face Jim once more who was still sittingnin the exact position she had left him. 'I'm sorry' Maureen voiced 'I just don't feel comfortable now'. It wasn't anlie; she did feel uncomfortable at the thought of being intimate with him.nBut why? He was her husband, her husband of five years at that. She just couldn't hold back the tears for any longer; they streaked downnher cheeks as she raised her hand to her face to stifle the racking sobs.nAlmost immediately, Jim leapt to her side and placed his arms once againnaround her heaving shoulders. 'It's okay Maureen, its okay' Jim shushed his pregnant wife as her ran hisnfingers through her hair. Maureen pulled away, a sob still plaguing her voice. 'What's wrong with me?' she proclaimed more to herself then to Jim 'Whatnhappened that I couldn't even satisfy my own husband?' she broke off again,nallowing the sobbing to render her helpless. 'Nothing is wrong with' Jim breathed lovingly 'every woman goes throughnthis sometime, it's just something that happens during pregnancy'. 'Of course there's something wrong with me!' Maureen exclaimed, almostnscreaming with the effort 'I'm fat! Look at me!' As if to illustrate her point, Maureen pulled up her top to reveal thenlarge pregnant swelling underneath. Jim sighed gently and moved closer tonher as he put his hands onto her bulging belly. 'There is nothing wrong with you' Jim repeated in a firm yet gentle voicen'you're more beautiful now then I ever remember' Maureen couldn't take in what her partner had just said; how could he findnher attractive? All she was started and finished with her stomach, all shendid was eat and sleep and retain water. She couldn't even look him in the eye; she wasn't the woman he fell in lovenwith anymore. She was larger now then she had ever been, almostnunrecognisable from back in the day at ABA. When they had first met, Maureen weighed little over 6st, underweight for anballet dancer. But now, now after conquering her bulimia and six months ofnpregnancy later, she weighed just 11st, a five stone jump in five years.nThat's what scared Maureen; the fact that she weighed so much. Jim monitored her weight closely since the day she cried with joy over hernpositive pregnancy test. He was concerned at first that Maureen would notngain enough to supply a healthy baby but his fears were quashed whennMaureen finally discovered the joys of eating well. This baby; Jim hadnoften thought to himself; will be her saving grace. Tears still streaming down her face, Jim lifted her chin lightly to malenher face him. Maureen's eyes still shone with tears. 'Really?' Maureen questioned in a shaky tone. 'Really' Jim smiled as a single tear ran down her cheek. He proceeded tonwipe the tears away from her eyes with his thumb as he smiled again andnkissed Maureen reassuringly in his kind and gentle manner. A/N: Please let me know what you think as this is my first Center Stagenfanfic; honesty is the best tool I can use to improve my writing for thenenjoyment of you guys![Chapter 3] Disclaimer: I do not own Center Stage I just play with the toys. All chewnmarks will be removed before returning them. Please R&R;! Nothing Left For Me To Do - Chapter Three 'Doctor Gordon to Exam 4, Doctor Gordon' the PA system boomed through thencrowded corridors of Mercy Hospital, New York. Jim let his entire weight fall against the clinical white wall as he letnforth an exhausted sigh. Since taking up residency at Mercy, Jim had notnonly had to cope with his own 12 hour shifts but also cover for the lazy-nass medical students that didn't bother to turn up for work. 'It never ends' Jim unintelligibly mumbled under his breath as he forcednhis feet to take his weight once more. As the young sleep-deprived doctor picked his way through the corridornlittered with concerned families and waiting patients, Jim cast his mindnaway to the only matter of stability in his life, Maureen. The weeks had progressed and Maureen's temperament had improved, everythingnconcerning her pregnancy was finally sinking in. It was finally becomingnclear that she was going to become a mother whether she liked it or not. Maureen sat in the spare room adjacent to the master bedroom, the room thatnwould soon be a nursery. She sat back on the windowsill and stared at thenhalf-painted wall waiting to be finished. Drops of yellow paint had leakednonto her hand from the brush as she sighed deeply and contemplated the tasknahead of her. 'Walls, ceiling, floor' Maureen muttered to herself. She placed the brushndown onto the open tin of buttercup paint and rubbed her large bellyngently. She had promised her husband that she would not lift a finger in thennursery; especially now she was fast approaching her due date. With onlynsix weeks to go, Maureen was becoming concerned that it wouldn't be readynin time. If the room was to be finished, she had to work on it; especiallynnow Jim had so many responsibilities at work. The sound of a ringing phone brought her back to reality; the shrill tonendrew her to the bedroom and pick up the receiver. 'Hello?' Maureen chimed. 'Hi dear, it's mum' Maureen's mother trilled in an upbeat voice 'I justnphoned to see how you were'. Maureen exhaled slowly and lowered herself down onto the bed. When her mumnnormally rang, it meant she was concerned that Maureen wasn't looking afternherself. The phone calls had arrived consistently once a day for a fewnweeks. 'Oh I'm fine' Maureen supposed. 'You don't sound fine dear, I'm coming over' Before Maureen could protest, her mother had put down the phone. Maureenngroaned loudly, she really wasn't in the mood to entertain her mother.nWithout fail, Maureen heard the rumble of her mother's car in the roadnoutside their brownstone apartment. She pulled open the front door as shenstooped down to pick up a copy of The New York Times that lay at her feet.nThe car door slammed shut as Maureen was greeted with a welcoming hug and ankiss on each cheek. 'You look tired dear' the older women exclaimed as she drew away fromnMaureen and surveyed her daughter fully; taking in the paint stains on herndungaree's. 'I'm fine mother, really' Maureen defended; she knew her mum would not thenfact that she looked tired go. Maureen's mother hummed in an unconvinced manner as she continued her pathndown the hall. Her glances took in the unfinished walls and dustsheetsncovering the floor; Maureen was sure she heard her mother tut quietly tonherself. 'Where's Jim?' She asked, the venom she used to reserve just for his namenhad disappeared over the years. 'At work, his rotation med students didn't turn up so he's on emergencynconsultations' Maureen explained without looking back from the cupboard innwhich she was searching two clean cups. 'Uh huh' her mother ran a finger along a line of dust atop of the fridge. Maureen faced her mother unable to believe the bitter tone she adopted, Jimncouldn't help it if he had to work late. The kettle came to a boiling ragenand clicked off quietly. To break the tension between them, Maureen turnednand reached into the fridge. 'Is skimmed milk okay?' Maureen questioned. 'Fine darling' her mother confirmed 'why don't you let me help you with thenpainting, you shouldn't be reaching that high anyway' Maureen turned to face her; a look of amusement on her face. 'You want to help me paint?' Maureen smirked suppressing a smirk as shenspoke. 'Why not, its been a while since I've had the chance' her mother smiledntaking her tea from her daughters hand. 'Well then' Maureen gestured 'follow me'. Maureen pushed open the door as she offered her mother a clean paintbrush.nAs she slipped the lid from the paint tin Maureen heard the sound of keysnin the front door. She gently placed down her dripping brush and went outninto the hall. 'Hi' Maureen grinned as Jim dropped his bag down against the wall and tooknMaureen into a firm embrace. 'Sorry I'm late' he mumbled into her ear as he buried his face in her softnblack hair. 'Tough day?' Maureen questioned as she ran a paint-streaked hand throughnthe short lengths of hair that framed his face. 'The worst' Jim sighed as he pulled away from her and catching sight of hernmother standing in the doorway of the soon to be nursery. Jim smilednpolitely, he really had tried to convince Maureen's mother that he reallynwasn't a bad person but her never could be sure what she thought of him. 'I should really get going' her mother voiced breaking the silence 'ByenMaureen, Jim' she smiled again as the door slammed behind her. 'Anyway' Jim sighed turning his attention back to his wife 'are you feelingnbetter then this morning?' 'Much better' Maureen smiled 'now if you can find a miracle cure fornbackache short of giving birth I would greatly appreciate it'. Jim smiled as he led her into the bedroom and shut the door behind themnwith a gentle click. A/N: Please let me know what you think as this is my first Center Stagenfanfic; honesty is the best tool I can use to improve my writing for thenenjoyment of you guys![Chapter 4] Disclaimer:nI do not own Center Stage I just play with the toys. PleasenR&R;! NothingnLeft For Me To Do - Chapter Four \"Ansenior Internship!\" Maureen screamed as she read the letter shenheld in her hands \"Jim, this is fantastic!\" Jimnstood transfixed, staring at his wife. It was true, the letternconfirming his place as a Senior Intern at the hospital had arrivednthat morning. It was what he had wanted, what he had worked hard tonget over the last 10 years. But for some reason, he couldn't helpnbut feel a black cloud of doubt hovering over him. Maureennthrew her arms around her husband, holding him tightly. Jim however,ndidn't hug back. \"Whatsnwrong?\" she asked, lowering the letter. \"Nothing\"nJim's reply was meant to sound sincere but the look on his facenspelt trouble. Maureenndropped the letter to the counter top and took his face in her hands.nLooking into his eyes, she smiled deeply and kissed him. \"What'snwrong?\" she repeated. Jimnpursed his lips and let his head roll backwards, a deep sigh escapingnhis lips. Jim bit his bottom lip and closed his eyes. \"Indon't know if I can take it\" Maureennfelt speechless, this is what her husband had wanted, what he hadnworked so hard to achieve. \"Whatndo you mean you don't know if you can take it??\" \"Thenhours are even longer then I do now, it would mean even more timenaway from you and the baby\" with these words, Jim ran a hand downnhis wifes body, coming to rest on her large belly. \"I'dnhave to start next week, I wouldn't be here at all\" Itnwas Maureen's turn to sigh as she looked up at her husband. She letnone of her hands rest on top of his. \"You'rentaking it Jim\" Hernwords felt final although Jim knew that he would have to fight hisnstubbornness AND his wifes to win over this one. Twonweeks, that's all Maureen had left before she was due to givenbirth. Two weeks before their lives changed forever. ","Summary":" Disclaimer: I do not own Center Stage I just play with the toys. All chewnmarks will be removed bef"},{"Movie":"Center Stage","Title":"Positive","Author":"Sam5","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/846447","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Charlie and Jody are at Jody's apartment. They are not dating anymore because of the hectic schedule. \"Charlie. I, uh..:\" Jody spoke, tears welling up in her eyes. \"I, I..\" \"Jody? What's the matter?' he said rushing to hold her. \"Charlie please don't.\" \"What, I can't hold you? Since when?\" \"I don't deserve it Charlie, I don't deserve you.\" \"Jody I-\" \"I have to go.\" Jody runs out of the room crying. Charlie is confused and rises to leave as well, but when getting up he sees something on the table. He walks over to it. Picks it up. \"A pregnancy test...\" Later- Jody has just returned from rehearsals and discovers Charlie is still there, holding her secret. \"I thought you'd gone.\" \"Why didn't you tell me.\" \"Because it's not your responsibility, and I understand. I understand if you don't want to see me anymore.\" \"Jody I wouldn't just..just.\" \"It's all right Charlie. You don't have to say anything. Just leave. I need to be alone\" she said gently. Charlie walked to the door and opened it. \"This doesn't make me love you any less you know.\" And the door shut. \"How am I gonna tell Cooper?\" THE NEXT DAY: Walking into the rehearsal hall Jody caught Cooper's eye. \"Jody!\" \"Hi. um, Cooper, do you have a minute?\" \"For you, of course.\" The walked outside of the room into the hall. Jody bit her lip in fear. \"What's up?\" he asked. \"Well, uh.I'm, I'm late and-\" \"Oh don't worry about it , we were running behind anyway.\" \"No, I mean, I'm LATE.\" She whispered Silence. Cooper stared at her intently. \"Oh.\" He said quietly. The tears that had been rising in Jody's eyes began to trickle down her cheeks. \"Oh Jody.\" Cooper said, going to hold her. \"Jody, it's all right.\" \"What?\" she replied looking up at him. \"It's okay.\" he brushed hair out of her eyes. \"Your not mad, you-\" \"This doesn't make me love you any less\" \"What?\" she said in shock. \"Do you really feel like rehearsing today? You could uh.. take the day off if you want.\" \"Really\" \"I really should work on music and background today anyway.\" \"All right.\" Cooper turned to return to the rehearsal room. \"I love you. Ya know?\" he said staring at the floor. Silence. He walked in the room the door closing behind him. \"Yeah... I know.\"[Chapter 2] Jody was totally confused. Both of the men in her life were taking the news so, so…well! Better than she was. She hadn't even told her parents yet. She spent the day walking around in Central Park. The children playing seemed to stand out more to her now. What am I going to do? I can't kill something so precious. Life. I couldn't live with myself if I did. But my life will change… dancing…everything. I want to keep dancing… but will I be able to do that with a child? Her thoughts went round in circles in much the same fashion all day. She took a cab back to her apartment and arrived home about 5pm. Charlie was there sitting on the couch. \"Hi.\" \"Where have you been?\" Charlie asked. \"I went to the studio today to see if you wanted to grab lunch but Cooper said you took the day off.\" \"Yeah, he told me to take the day off.\" \"I guess you told him then.\" \"Yeah.\" She sighed. \"How did he take it? I mean besides giving you the day off? What did he say?\" \"Actually, not much. He kind of rushed me off. I hope he knows that I told him because it was his .\" She stared at the ground becoming more depressed. \"I still can't believe all of this.\" She sat down next to Charlie on the couch. \"Yeah.\" They sat next to each other for a moment, trying to absorb. Charlie put his arm around her and she laid her head on his chest. An hour later the phone rang and Jody got up to get it. She glanced at Charlie and saw that he was asleep. She rushed to the phone. \"Hello?\" \"Jody?\" \"Cooper?\" \"How are you?\" \"I…I'm good. You know, better.\" Jody moved into the kitchen so as to be out of Charlie's ear shot. \"I'm glad.\" \"Listen, Cooper. I don't want to insult your intelligence or anything but… what I told you today. You do know why I told you, right?\" \"I think so.\" \"It's yours.\" Silence. \"Cooper?\" \"I'm here.\" \"You knew that didn't you?\" Jody asked desperately. \"Yeah. I mean, yes, I did.\" All was quiet. \"What do you think of that?\" Jody asked, breaking the silence. \"I'll be honest; I really don't know what to think. It's your decision you know. Whatever you want to do is fine with me.\" \"I'm going to have it.\" \"Okay. So, I guess we'll just go from here. You can dance for as long as you are able, or feel comfortable with, or whatever the doctor says or…\" \"It'll be okay, Cooper. I know this isn't something we planned. I don't expect you to raise it or… I will need some help, financially since I won't be dancing for a little while anyway.\" \"Of course.\" Jody let out a small laugh of disbelief of the situation. \"Jody I know things have been… well they have just been strange since your graduation from the academy but… I am prepared to help you in any way possible. Any way.\" \"Thanks, Cooper. I really appreciate that.\" \"I mean… you are going to need someone. You are going to need someone with you. I… Are you coming in tomorrow?\" \"Yeah. Count on it.\" \"Great. We, uh… we can talk then. Or call me tonight if you need to, I mean, I'm here.\" \"Let's just sleep on it.\" \"Yeah, you're right.\" \"I'll talk to you tomorrow Cooper.\" \"Talk to you tomorrow.\" \"Night.\" Click. She went to the living room to put the phone back on the reciever. Charlie was staring at her. \"I didn't know you were up.\" she said. \"Yeah. What did Cooper have to say, Jody?\" \"You heard, huh?\" Charlie nodded. \"We just cleared some things up was all. Nothing major.\" \"Does he plan to help you at all?\" \"Yes.\" She said defensively. \"Yes, he does.\" \"Let me guess. Money?\" \"Yes.\" she said. \"But he's willing to let you do the grunt work.\" \"Grunt work?\" \"Raise the kid, change diapers, stay up nights!\" She was taken aback at his sudden outburst. \"We haven't settled everything, Charlie. He just found out today. Look, I don't want to talk about this right now. I just want to go to bed.\" \"I'm sorry, Jody, I just want what's best for you. I don't want him to get off scot free, you know? I mean he did this, he should have a part.\" \"It takes two Charlie... I'll see you in the morning. You sleeping here tonight?\" \"Yeah.\" \"Goodnight then.\" \"Night.\" Jody started to walk to her room. \"Charlie.\" \"Yeah?\" \"I do appreciate you being here and just... everything.\" He smiled lightly at her and she trailed off to her room.[Chapter 3] When Jody woke in the morning it felt like a new world, as if shenwere seeing things for the first time. The sun seemed brighter, thenair fresher. She couldn't explain what she was feeling. Arenthe hormones kicking in already ?, she thought with a smile. nThere was still a lot to come and she knew it wouldn't be easy butnthere was more to life now than just her existence. There was a lifeninside of her now, and she had to prepare. She had to prove to hernchild, to herself that she was worthy. Howncould she possibly choose between Charley and Cooper? She knew thatnis what they expected from her – a choice. They had a point; thenbaby would need a father. Cooper never had been the most dependable.n The only reason the baby was Cooper's was because of a moment ofnweakness. Onennight late after rehearsal they had stayed to work on the routine. nBoth perfectionists they wanted to get every detail just right. nLately, Jody felt her life was a mess. She was lonely. Her parentsnhad been trying to call her but she was so busy with rehearsals,npreparing for an upcoming performance that she hadn't had time toncall them back. Each night she would go to bed looking at a picturenof them that sat on her bedside table and she would think of home. nShe was lonely. And Cooper was there. They danced so closely, sonintimate that she gave in to his advances that night. It felt songood. She knew then that she wasn't thinking, just feeling. Shenjust wanted to be touched by someone, anyone. \"Cooper.\"n She'd said. He looked deep into her eyes, gently brushing the hair from her eyesnand caressing her cheeks. She felt them warm at his touch. Sonfamiliar. She knew she didn't have to guide him. He knew what tondo, and she didn't want to think . I want this, she toldnherself. I want this . She only wished it was someone else. nHer blonde hair fell all around her shoulders and she welcomed him. \"Cooper.\" Nownshe had to live with that night and the result of that night. Atnleast it wasn't a one night stand , she thought. At least hencares for me in some way . But…I thought only of Charley'snface that night, his heart and soul and body. She knew shencouldn't waste time with tears. She did this now she must go onnwith it. Was Charley hurt by what she'd done? With him itnwas hard to tell. He didn't show his emotions so freely. Henwasn't the jealous kind like Cooper. He didn't smother her orntry to own her. He let her be herself. He just let her be. Lovenis patient, lovenis kind. She repeated these words to herself like a balm. Finally she got outnof bed and started to get ready for work. It was still pretty earlynand she went to the kitchen to start making some coffee. \"Charley, do you want any-\" she started. But he was gone. Thencouch was neat and looked as if no one had slept there. The blanketnhe'd used last night was folded and draped over the back of thencouch. Jody walked over to the blanket and ran her fingers over it,ncold. She picked it up and brought it to her face. It smelled likenhim. Charley . It was too early for him to go to ABC. Onenmore breath of the sweet smell. She went to the kitchen and lookednon the refrigerator door where they usually left notes for eachnother. Nothing.[Chapter 4] Heynguys, sorry for the hiatus. I hope to put some new chapters and newnstories up really soon so please check back. Thanks for hanging innthere. -Charley- Charley felt mildly guilty as he left Jody's apartment in the earlynhours of that morning. He knew he shouldn't. He told himself thatnhe had no reason to feel guilty. So why was he sneaking out? That'snwhat he was doing, wasn't it? He still wrestled with these feelings as he walked into one of thenrehearsal rooms at ABC. Eventually he found it was just easier tondance out his anger than think about it. And he definitely wanted tonwork it out before he could take it out on other people. After all,nhe wasn't mad at Jody, not really. He hadn't decided yet. Henhad every right to be, didn't he? He loved her. He thought shenknew that. Then why would she make love to Cooper? It was hardnenough in school when he found out they were together. When he foundnout that a man like Cooper had had her it almost killed him. nThen seeing Jody in such pain when he broke her heart – likenCharley knew he would – why would she go back into his arms? Whatndid Cooper have anyway, why was he so damn special that everyonenfawned over him? CAN'T YOU SEE WHAT HE IS?, he wanted to scream. He will hurt her again. The image of Jody lying in Cooper'snembrace tore at his heart. So he danced. Harder and harder, fasternand faster. It never ended. But the images of them together keptnflooding his mind. Hisnfingers in her hair. Dance Charley Dance ! Hisnlips on her skin. No! No ! Hernhand on his chest, his heart. STOP ! Charley fell to the ground in an exhausted collapse. His breathncoming in shallow gasps then lengthening into big gulps. Air.nAir. Air . Jody. Jody. Jody. What happened ? A fewnmonths after graduation they moved in together in the apartment thatnCharley lived in now. They were happy. He was happy. Was she? Thennwhy did she leave. Mostnnights Charley couldn't stand to be alone in the apartment. Itnstill felt like she should be there and he would wake in the middlenof the night and find himself reaching for her. But she was gone.nWhat made it worse was not that he knew she was gone but that he feltnit. She moved into an apartment closer to Cooper's studio which henhated. But he never thought she'd go back to the jerk. Why hadnthey called it off in the first place?, he couldn't remember. Henfelt the hard floor warming with his own body heat. Sweat stillnglistened on his bare arms. Too many memories, too many emotions. nHis eyes burned and he tried to blink away the pain. Feelings ofnfailure and rejection filled his heart. You're just wantingnwhat you can't have, man. Just forget it. She doesn't want you.n She let you go . Let her go . He knew that he could never let her see this part of him. He needednto be her rock, her protector. He wanted to be her companion andnfather of her child. Every little thing they ever did came to him. nThe first months of being together. Everything was new and exciting.n Yes, it was terrifying at the same time but in a good way. It wasnlike jumping off a cliff and realizing you can fly, soar. She fillednhis life. What more could he ever want? The perfect woman and thenjob of his dreams. The first time they were together intimately he remembered they werenboth trembling. Both so afraid of what they were feeling, afraid ofnlosing this precious gift. He wanted to explore every part of her. nHe loved to cover himself in her. Dress himself in her touch. Henfound himself constantly amazed that this woman was with him. nLooking back now he could see his boyish ways. He was naïve. nHe loved her but it was not yet the love of a man – not innCharley's eyes. True, he loved more maturely than Cooper and wasnconfident that would always be true. But Charley had been living inna world of his own illusions. Had she ever feel pressure to live upnto them? She deserved more. Back then they were in the clouds. He never wanted to come down. nNever wanted it to end. But like most things in life… it did. ","Summary":" Charlie and Jody are at Jody's apartment. They are not dating anymore because of the hectic schedul"},{"Movie":"Center Stage","Title":"Center Stage 2","Author":"Bobby-Rogue-Kitty-Colossus","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/3188185","Passage":"[Chapter 1] ChapternOne \"Thatnwas amazing.\" Jody said. She rested her head against Charlie'snchest. It was the night of the workshop. She and Charlie had justngotten together. They went to the party, but didn't stay long. Theyndecided to do it in her dorm room. Maureen would be with Jim. Evanwould be out partying all night. \"No,nyou're amazing.\" Charlie smiled back at her. Yes! I got thengirl. He thought. He wanted Jody since he laid eyes on her. Therenwas the thing with Cooper Nielson that stood in the way, but he wasnout of the way. Jody chose him. He would make her happy. Charlienstood up, slid on his boxer briefs, and walked to other side of thenroom. \"Where are you going?\" Jody asked. \"We have the room tonourselves tonight.\" \"Inknow. I'm just putting on some music.\" Charlie responded. Henfound the CD he was looking for. He put it on and Backstreet Boy'snI'll never break your heart came on.\" Hencrawled back under the covers. \"I love you. You understand me andnlove me for me.\" Jody told him. \"Inknow. I love you too. And I'm not just saying that.\" Thennext morning, there was a knock at the door. \"Jody?\" it wasnJuliette Simone. \"Shit.\"nJody swore. \"Whatnare we going to do?\" Charlie whispered? Men weren't allowed innthe boys dorms. \"Crawlnunder my bed.\" Jody instructed. He did what she said. She threwncovers down and blocked the view from under the bed. \"Holdnon a second.\" Jody called. She picked up his clothes and stuffednthem under her pillows. \"Yeah?\"nshe asked when she answered the door. \"Injust wanted to congratulate you personally for last nightsnperformance. I also wanted to tell you that I admired what you saidnto Jonathan and me, but he was going to offer you a spot in thencompany. And you wouldn't have been in the corps.\" Smallnmovements outside made her look in the room. She was about to looknaway, when she noticed someone's foot under Jody's bed. Shensmiled. She did the same thing when she was here. Shenleaned forward and whispered, \"Next time, you might want to find anbetter hiding place.\" Jodynlooked at her. \"What do you mean?\" Juliettensmiled and pointed to Charlie's foot. \"It's okay. I won'tntell anyone.\" \"Charlie,nyou might as well come out. She's knows you're here.\" Charlienwaved his hand out from under the bed. \"Hello.\" \"Hello,nCharlie.\" Juliette smiled. \"You guys might want to get downstairsnbefore anyone notices that you're together.\" Justnthen, Eva showed up. \"Morning guys.\" She said, going into thenroom. \"Umm.\"nJuliette started. \"What?\"nEva asked, she reached down and picked up Jody's blanket. \"Ahh.\"nShe screamed. She noticed Charlie. At least he was wearing his boxernbriefs. \"That'snwhat.\" Jody said. \"Insee someone had a good time last night.\" Eva commented. \"I'llnsee you ladies down stairs.\" Juliette said, closing the door. Charlienrolled from under the bed and grabbed his clothes. \"I'll see younin about five minutes.\" He gave her a quick kiss and left. \"Whatnhappened?\" \"Likenyou don't know.\" Jody smiled. She headed over to the closet andnpulled out a pair of jeans, a t-shirt and some sneakers. \"It'snabout time.\" Eva said, quickly changed. Downstairsnin the boy's dorm, Sergei jumped Charlie. \"You didn't come backnlast night. Then you come back this morning in your underwear. I wantndetails.\" \"I'mnnot going into details, but let's just say I found the woman fornme.\" Charlie smiled. \"Jody?\" Charliennodded. He threw on some clothes. \"I have to go. I'm meeting hernin the lobby in a few minutes.\" \"Congratulations.\"nSergei called. \"Thanks.\" Charlienheaded out the door. Sergei opened a drawer and found a small blacknbox. He opened it and found the most magnificent ring he had evernseen. It had twelve diamonds in it. The inscription said, to thenlove of my life, Jody. Sergei's jaw dropped. He looked afternCharlie.[Chapter 2] ChapternTwo \"Inknow what you have planned and I think you should go for it.\"nSergei said to Charlie. Charlienslid off his pants. \"What do you mean?\" he finished undressingnand crawled into bed. \"Infound the engagement ring.\" \"What?nDid you tell Jody?\" \"No,nbut I think you should go for it.\" Sergei said. \"She loves you. Inreally think it could work.\" Thennext day, the group was our having ice-cream. \"Jody, I have anquestion to ask you.\" Charlie said. He caught Sergei's eye. Hennodded. \"What'snthat?\" Jody asked. Charliengot on one knee and pulled out his box. \"Will you marry me?\" Henopened the box to show the ring. Jodynlooked at Eva and Maureen. They nodded. Maureen held up her hand tonshow that Jim proposed too. \"Yes,nCharlie Sims, I will marry you.\" Jody said. \"Yes!\"nCharlie exclaimed. He slipped the ring on her finger, twirled her andnkissed her. \"Wherenwill we live?\" Jody asked. \"Actually,nwe were thinking of getting an apartment together.\" Maureen spokenup. \"Wenwho?\" Jody asked. \"Maureen,nJim, you, Charlie, Sergei, Galina, Eric and i.\" Eva explained. \"Younguys knew about this?\" Jody asked. \"OnlynI did.\" Sergei said. \"I found the ring.\" \"Yeah.nThe only thing they knew was about us getting an apartment together.\"nCharlie confirmed. Jodynhugged Charlie once again. \"So, stud, when's the wedding date?\" \"Inwas thinking in about a month.\" Charlie responded. \"Thensooner the better.\" Jody smiled. Ericnlooked at his watch. \"Um guys, don't you have to be somewhere?\" \"Oh,nshit.\" Charlie called. \"We need to get going.\" \"I'llnsee you after practice.\" Jody said. She kissed Charlie and headedntoward Cooper's studio. Charlienwatched her go. \"You see that?\" he asked the others. \"That'snmy soon-to-be wife.\" \"Yeah,nyeah, Romeo. We need to get going.\" Sergei said, tugging onnCharlie's shirt.[Chapter 3] ChapternThree \"Downnand up.\" Cooper instructed. \"Left leg up.\" Jodynheard him, but she was in another place entirely. Cooper was walkingnaround the room to make sure that his ballerinas were doing what theynneeded to. He stopped at Jody. She raised her legs and arms, she wentndown, came back up, but she did it with a smile on her face. \"Well,nsomeone's happy today.\" Cooper said, bring Jody back to reality. \"Yep,ngot enough sleep last night.\" Which was a total lie. She spentnyesterday afternoon with Maureen, Eva and Galina looking for weddingndresses. Then she spent a romantic evening with Charlie. Coopernlooked down at Jody's hand, to make sure that she had a tight gripnon the bar, when he noticed her engagement ring. \"Wow, nice ring.\"nHe said, sarcastically. \"Thanksnfor noticing. I've only had it on for like a week.\" Jodynretaliated back. \"Sonwhen's your wedding to Mr. Perfect?\" Cooper sneered. \"Ifnyou're referring to Charlie, in three weeks.\" Jody said. Insidenshe was jumping for joy. Only three more weeks. She thought tonherself. \"Well,ncongratulations to you both.\" Cooper said, even though they bothnknew he didn't mean it. Afternpractice, Jody told everyone what happened. Charlie had a grin fromnear to ear. \"So,nwhat's left?\" Eric asked. \"Well,nwe have to mail out the invitations…\" Jody started. \"Alreadyndone that.\" Eva interrupted. \"What?\" \"Yeah,nI saw them on the table yesterday and I mailed them off for you. Inknow you guys have enough on your plates already. Just trying to helpnyou out as much as possible.\" She explained. \"Okay,nwe need the cake, the rings, and we need to call and book a churchnand someone to marry us.\" Jody concluded. Maureennand Jim rose. \"We'd love to stick around, but we have stuff thatnwe have to do.\" She said. \"Okay,nsee you later at the house.\" Afternthey were gone, the group went back to talking about wedding details.nJust the Cooper walked by. When he saw them, a look of resentment andnhatred came across his face. Henstopped by briefly. \"Jody told me the news today.\" Charlienput his arm around Jody's shoulder. \"Yeah, it is wonderful news.\"nCooper was about to leave, when Charlie added, \"I guess this time I got the girl.\" Cooper'sneyes flashed red, and he stormed off. After he was out of ear shot,neveryone burst into laughter. Laternon that night, at dinner, the conversation about the wedding camenback up. \"Bynthe way, Maureen, when is your wedding?\" Jody asked, not forgettingnthat she too was engaged. Maureennlooked at Jim. He was the one to answer. \"We're thinking three ornfour months.\" Afterndinner, everyone went off to do separate things. Eva and Eric went tonthe mall to look for guys. Maureen and Jim went to bowling with Jim'snfriends. Galina and Sergei went to ABA to practice their piece. Thatnleft the whole house to Charlie and Jody. Theynwere snuggled on the couch, watching TV. The next thing Jody knew,nCharlie got up, turned the TV off, and pulled Jody to her feet. \"Donyou know what we haven't done in a while?\" He asked her. \"Indon't know, but I'm sure that you'll tell me.\" Jody smiled. Charlienkissed her. \"We haven't danced together in a while.\" He wentnover and put some music on, suddenly, the two were sweeping acrossnthe floor. Whennthey were done, Jody smiled. \"I love you.\" \"Inlove you too.\" He replied. Thennext morning, Charlie had to be at practice first thing. He left Jodyna note. Whennshe awoke, the note was on her pillow. I'll be available aboutnnoon, we go and buy the wedding rings then. Love, Charlie. Jodynsmiled to herself. She got up, showered and started her day. Atnnoon, Charlie arrived home. The door was unlocked, which meant thatnJody was home. \"Jody.\" He called. He heard sobbing in their room.nHe opened the door and saw Jody on the bed, her eyes red from crying. Charlienrushed over to her. \"What's wrong?\" He asked. \"Youndon't want to marry me.\" Jody cried. \"Ofncourse I do. I wouldn't have asked you if I didn't want to marrynyou.\" \"Youndeserve much better.\" \"Inlove you. No matter what.\" Charlie assured her. \"Younwouldn't if you knew about me.\" Jody said. Charlienjust sat back. Jodyncontinued. \"I didn't want to tell you, but I can't hide it anynlonger. I have to shave everyday or every other day. I have to shaveneverything. My legs, armpits, and my face.\" \"You'renface?\" Charlie asked, smiling. \"IfnI don't shave almost everyday, if not, I grow a beard and anmustache.\" Jody sobbed even harder. Charliencupped Jody's face in his hands. \"I love you for you. Also, can Intell you something? My grandmother had to shave everyday of her lifenand that didn't stop my grandfather. Not to mention, now I have anshaving buddy.\" \"You'renokay with that?\" \"I'mnvery okay with that. Nothing is going to stop me from marrying you.\"nHe assured her. Jodynwiped the tears from her eyes. \"I feel so foolish.\" \"Nonsense.\"nCharlie took her hand. \"I have an idea. Why don't we go outntonight?\" \"Okay.nI have to go and practice until three. Why don't we go out then?nYou can pick me up.\" Jody suggested. \"Okay.\"nCharlie gave her one last kiss before she took off.[Chapter 4] ChapternFour \"Tonight'snthe rehearsal dinner.\" Charlie told Sergei, Eric and Jim. \"Don'tnforget to arrive.\" Acrossntown, at the spa, Jody was excited. \"Tomorrow's the wedding. Incan't wait.\" \"Girl,nwe need to get you all done up, and then it's off to bed, so youndon't fall asleep walking down the isle.\" Eva was saying. \"Inthink it is really sweet that you made all of us your bride'snmaids.\" Maureen was saying. \"Yeah,nyou didn't even really know me.\" Galina added. \"You'renSergei's girlfriend, and you're our friend. It really isn't anbig deal.\" Jody assured them. Thatnnight at the rehearsal dinner, Charlie and Jody got everyone situatednwhere they were supposed to be. \"Jody,nyou're going to spend the night with us, at a hotel.\" Eva said. \"Yeah,nit's bad luck for the groom to see the bride before the wedding.\"nMaureen added. \"Nonit's not. It's just bad luck to see her in the dress.\" Charlienprotested. \"It'snfine.\" Jody said, giving him a kiss. The other girls ushered hernaway. Afternseeing her go, Charlie walked to a bunch of guys in the company.n\"Tomorrow, I need to make sure that Cooper Nielson doesn't getninto the church. At least not until we're officially married.\" Thenguys looked at each other and smiled. They hated Cooper Nielson. \"Wencan do that.\" Thennext morning, the girls drove Jody to the church. They rushed herninto her dress, they did her hair, her make up, they added jewels,nand made her look like a princess. Overnin the groom's room, Charlie was already to go. He starednimpatiently in the mirror. Then he turned to Jim. \"Can you go andnsee if the girls are ready?\" Jimnnodded. Therenwas a knock at the door. Galina went to answer it. It was Jim. Sheninformed him that they were ready. Justnthen, they wedding march started. \"Thisnis it, ladies.\" Eva said, getting into position. Thengirls each took their turns, walking out. Jody took a deep breath andngot into position. Waiting for her cue. There it is. Shenthought to herself. She took her first step, walking into the light.nEvery eye was on her. Wow! Charlie thought when he saw Jody. He was magnificent. Her hair wasndone up in a bun, with two blond tendrils hanging down in her face.nHer dress was sleeveless, and showed off some of her back. The Tiaranheld the veil in place. Even through the veil, he could see her face.nShe had on light pink lip stick, her eyes were lightly dusted withnglitter and there was a gem by her eyes. Light blush covered herncheeks. Her shoes were made of the finest materials. Herndad was walking her done the isle and she glanced over at the pews.nAll of her family and friends were there. In the front, her mother'sneyes were filled with tears. Her gaze landed on Charlie. He lookednespecially handsome today. He eyes met hers and she smiled. He smilednback. Whennshe reached the altar, Her father lifted her veil and kissed her onnthe cheek. Then, Charlie took her hand and together they faced thenpastor. Hencleared his throat and began. \"Dearly and beloved, we are gatherednhere today to unite Charles Sims and Jody Sawyer together in HolynMatrimony. Who gives this woman away?\" Mr.nSawyer stepped forward. \"Her mother and I do.\" Then he sat downnnext to his wife. \"Donyou, Charles, take Jody to be your lawfully wedded wife, to love andncherish, to have and to hold, for better or for worse, for richer ornpoorer, in sickness and in health, till death do you part?\" \"Younbet I do.\" He replied, getting a laugh out of the audience. \"Donyou, Jody, take Charles to be your lawfully wedded husband, to lovenand cherish, to have and to hold, for better or for worse, for richernor poorer, in sickness and in health, till death do you part?\" Shensmiled. \"I do.\" \"Ifnthere is anyone here today that thinks these two should not bed wed,nspeak now or forever hold your peace.\" Meanwhile,noutside the church, Cooper was fight hell and high water to get in.nthe guys that Charlie asked, kept him from getting inside. He wasndrunk off of his ass. \"Younaren't getting in, asshole.\" One of the kids said. Backninside the church, the pastor continued. \"By the powers invested innme, I now pronounce you husband and wife. You may kiss the bride.\" Charliensmiled at her, lifted her veil, and pulled her close. \"There'snnothing I wouldn't do for you.\" \"Inknow. You were patient with me, and you stuck my me, even after younheard my shaving secret.\" She then crushed her lips against his. \"Inam proud to announce for the very first time, Mr. and Mrs. CharlesnSims.\" The Pastor said. Laternat the reception, when everyone gave their toasts, it was time fornthe newlyweds to cut the cake together. Charlie gave the knife tonJody and he took her hand in his. They cut two pieces, then fed themnto each other. Thenmusic started playing and Eva got on the microphone. \"I know thenhappy couple are eager to get on their honeymoon, but before theynleave, they need to bless us with the first dance.\" Suddenly,n\"We're Dancing' by P.Y.T. came on. Charlie led Jody out on thenstage as the music played. Whennthe going starts to get rough And you feel like you've hadnenough Let the music take control of your soul Take a chancenand do what you feel Your a force they cannot live without it Youngotta break the chain yeah yeah There's a passion inside Anninner strength that drives Can't nobody take that away fromnyou It's the greatest high You set the floor on fire when youncome alive And we're dancin' And it feels alright Incan't control my desire And we're dancin' And it feelsnalright Yeah And we're dancin' And it feels alright Can'tnhold me down Gotta reach for the sky And we're dancin' Andnit feels alright Yeah Some people don't know the love younpossess They pretend what they don't understand It'snnatural You're in a world of your own Ohhhhh oh There'sna passion inside An inner strength that drives Can't nobodyntake that away from you It's the greatest high You set thenfloor on fire When you come alive And we're dancin' Andnit feels alright I can't control my desire And we'rendancin' And it feels alright Yeah Pushnit too the max Feel the room fall at your feet Don't you darenhold back Cuz it feels so good It feels alright There'sna passion inside An inner strength that drives Can't nobodyntake that away from you It's the greatest high you set the floornon fire When you come alive And we're dancin' And itnfeels alright I can't control my desire And we're dancin' Andnit feels alright Yeah And we're dancin' And it feelsnalright Can't hold me down Gotta reach for the sky And we'rendancin' And it feels alright Yeah And we're dancing Whennthe song ended, everyone clapped. Just then, Cooper burst through thencrowd. \"You don't serve her.\" He said to Charlie. Jody'snface hardened. \"Get the hell away from us. He deserves me and Indeserve him. We love each other and they're nothing you can do tonchange that. Now, if you would kindly leave, so you don't make anbigger ass out of yourself, we would all be pleased.\" Behindnher, Charlie's jaw dropped. You tell him, baby. He thought. Evangot a big smile on her face, and then was right beside Jody. \"Younheard the girl, now can you leave on your own, or do you need me tonescort you?\" \"Bitch!\"nCooper told Eva. \"Inknow, and I'm proud to be.\" Eva replied. She got the security,nand they removed him. Eventurned back to the happy couple. \"Now, for another dance.\" Charlienstepped forward. \"Actually, our flight leaves soon, so we have tonget going.\" Afterneveryone said their goodbyes, Charlie led Jody to the limo. \"Hownlong are we going to be gone?\" Jody asked. \"Aboutntwo weeks.\" Charlie replied, shutting the door. ","Summary":" ChapternOne \"Thatnwas amazing.\" Jody said. She rested her head against Charlie'snchest. It was th"},{"Movie":"The Mask","Title":"Daughter of the Mask","Author":"Citywriter84","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11449992","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Generations The sky was leaden and overcast as Jack waited for the bus that evening. A group of girls standing nearby were conversing with one another at the tops of their voices. Jack became aware that one of them was shooting him burning looks. He knew not to make eye contact. It was not the done thing for a man to stare at a strange girl. Strange as in a stranger and acting strangely. On the bus he tried to stare blankly out of the window, but he could not avoid her burning stare out of the corner of his eye. She was a beautiful girl he supposed, with smooth, pale skin and long auburn hair, but she had a strangely angular profile with a very prominent chin… like his own, even though she was a girl and he supposed a prominent chin was quintessentially a masculine thing. Back in his flat, he reflected again on how empty and monotonous his life seemed. A boring, dead end job and no girlfriend or family. And yet he still remembered a strange encounter he had had as a boy. But it was so strange. How to describe it? He still remembered the lady who had deflowered him. How could he forget her? With her round, bald bright green head, thick rubbery features and weird grin… She had said she was his good fairy. But there was not getting around the fact that she had seduced him and he was a mere boy then. What she had done would not have been legal for a human lady. What had she been? She couldn't really have been supernatural. Rather, she must have been on some kind of drug to behave so strangely and move so fast and she was wearing a strange mask… or had shaved her head and applied strange prosthetic makeup. As he slept, he dreamed about her again… The next evening, he decided to have tea in a café. The tea in the café wasn't great, but at least it was warm. Suddenly he became aware of the strange girl from the bus sitting at a nearby table. She was staring at him again. There was another girl with her who was gazing at her anxiously. Jack tried to interest himself in his baked potato, but he couldn't help seeing her. The lamplight shone off her freckled nose and cheeks and glinted off her auburn hair. She had a long pale face, but she was definitely beautiful when viewed full on. However, her profile was strange and angular, sort of like a pale crescent moon cartoon face. She really must look strikingly like him. He didn't wait to find out what her problem was though, he decided to leave. \"Excuse me, sir,\" said the girl getting to her feet and striding to block his way to the door. He couldn't get to the door without pushing her out of the way. Well this was awkward… \"Just walk with me down the street, OK?\" she murmured out of the corner of her mouth. Oh well, if she did turn out to be a maniac, then at least she didn't look very strong. She was tall, but of a slender build. Her friend got nervously to her feet and trailed after them. They strode down the pavement. From side on, the girl's profile really was jagged. Her nose seemed like a beak and her chin jutted out. \"Now that we're out of there…\" she said. She had a pleasant, quite refined sounding voice really, but it was a bit strange and she had a slight difficulty making rounded vowels. Sort of like his voice would have been before it broke. \"I owe you an explanation, Jack,\" she said. So she knew his name. She had been stalking him. \"Lottie,\" said her friend with a tone of warning in her voice, struggling to keep up on her shorter legs. OK, so now he knew her name as well. Lottie. \"I'm set on this, Anne,\" said Lottie tersely. She turned to face Jack. Her eyes were a pretty shade of light hazel. Actually like his were… \"Jack,\" said Lottie. \"I know you are my dad.\" His heart leapt. What was this about? Was she mad? \"I don't think he can be the one, he looks so young,\" said Anne. \"Is he really over thirty?\" \"That's the point,\" said Lottie. \"Too young and not ready to be a father, remember?\" She addressed Jack again. \"We have to talk,\" she said, \"I think in a pub where it's noisy anyway.\" She pointed sideways at one. Well Jack knew that he had been seduced when he was just a boy. Could this strange girl have really come about from that coupling? He couldn't bear not knowing. He followed her into the Duke Tavern and they sat down at a small wooden table. The smokey air was filled with such hubbub anyway. Noone would hear them. \"Now I must be the one to explain first,\" said Lottie. \"Jack, my mother says that you and she got together when you were too young and that she was wrong to do it and that she was not herself at the time. I know you look too young to be a father to a girl as old as me. She said you didn't recognise her, because she wore a strange green mask.\" Jack gave a start. \"That means something to you then,\" said Lottie, eyeing him shrewdly, \"well I have a right to know where I come from.\" \"Your mother told you she wore a strange green mask…?\" Repeated Jack, dazedly. \"Yes,\" said Lottie, \"she said she wanted a child, but that you were not ready to be a father. But I nagged at her until I got an answer as to who you were. She is Nicole… your old art teacher.\" Jack shook his head, trying to clear it. Nicole? His art teacher? She had been a really nice lady. Pretty too. He remembered… she had long, glossy honey blond hair, smooth skin, applied makeup so well. She had been young. Only twenty three, he knew that. She had always been kind to him. She never gave off the impression that she wanted anything sexual from him. Lottie was looking at him anxiously. \"Jack… please tell me… what happened? I need to hear your side of the story.\" So this was it. If she was indeed his daughter, Jack must tell her how he had done it with the lady in the Mask.[Chapter 2] A Trip Down Memory Lane Jack told the story of the she-mask as he remembered it. Nicole had been his art teacher when he was fourteen. One afternoon the art class had been unruly and Nicole was struggling. At the end she was really flustered. \"I'm not asking you, I'm telling you, your attitude will change,\" she said frantically, pushing her long wavy blond hair out of her face. \"I am your teacher…\" \"Just an art teacher,\" said a boy, impudently. \"Chuck him out,\" said a second boy in a gruff voice. \"That's enough. Class dismissed,\" said Nicole throwing up her arms. Jack hung back. Nicole's violet blue eyes were bright with tears. He had wanted to do something to impress her, but the other boys had done all they could to wind her up. \"Are you OK?\" he asked. He wasn't a Joe Soap type character who could masterfully comfort the ladies, but he knew he ought to try as best he could. \"Yes, thank you my dear,\" said Nicole sniffing and patting his arm. Her sparkling tears were causing her mascara to run. She was very pretty even though she was starting to cry. She had a cutely formed nose, smooth skin and quite a wide mouth, he thought. Her lips were painted the same bright red as her nails. She was a young woman, but her perky, firm breasts were of ample size already. He had fantasised about kissing her and more… \"The fellows are obnoxious,\" he said. \"And that Sebastian Jones… he has the nerve to suggest you're not a teacher? He's so rude. He actually called me \"chin boy\" this morning because of my angular face.\" \"You are privileged to have such strong, handsome features. You are growing up into an exceptionally handsome young man,\" said Nicole earnestly. \"I-\" she shook her head as if to clear it and pushed her blond hair away from her face again. \"This American website I looked over said that students of our age – 'middle schoolers' they call them over there – are the sort who teachers are most afraid of. Is that correct?\" \"The American website was right,\" said Nicole, \"when the hormones first start kicking in, most children do get hard to handle. Older and younger students are better behaved. I really wanted to teach little ones, but inexperienced teachers have to prove themselves by doing a hard teaching job first.\" She sighed, \"I shouldn't be burdening you with my worries, sweetie. In fact… I'm thinking you're too nice a boy for my class.\" \"Well…\" Jack could take a compliment OK. They both sat down at separate seats at the teacher's desk. \"Tea, sweetie?\" asked Nicole, \"I've vending machine clearance.\" Soon she had prepared two cups of steaming tea and then she began to show him sketches she had made. \"An American writer wrote about masks as a metaphor,\" she said, \"the masks in these sketches symbolise different faces that are put on in different situations.\" She took a carved wooden mask from the desk drawer. It appeared to be carved from old, weathered wood, with prominent cheeks and an iron nose plate. \"This carving represents dark desires,\" she explained. \"I wanted to try to carve a replica myself.\" She turned the Mask over in her hands. \"This carving is very old and could be valuable. It symbolises the Freudian Id – our dark subconscious.\" \"What we want really deep in our hearts?\" said Jack. Nicole smiled and nodded, her violet blue eyes sparkling. \"Even if we can never say what it is.\" Jack had wanted to give her a flower – an edelweiss which he had collected earlier. He gave it to her, stammering and blushing. She beamed and tied it in her hair. She did look cute with the flower in her long, wavy blond hair. The sun outside was setting lower in the sky. The rays of the setting sun gleamed off her lustrous hair. \"I really ought to walk you home, dear,\" said Nicole. \"Oh I was going to use the library,\" said Jack. \"But thank you all the same.\" \"See you soon,\" said Nicole, smiling, her eyes sparkling. When Jack was finished in the library, the librarian had already left and the lights had dimmed. As he strode down the empty corridor, there was a whoosh and to his amazement, a whirlwind came tearing down the dark corridor to meet him. What could this mean? He just stood there in astonishment. Suddenly the whirlwind came spinning to a halt before him. And there stood a very strange apparition indeed. A young woman, clad in leather. Very tight fitting leather that showed off all her curves. But that wasn't the strange thing. No, the strange thing was her big, round bright green head, completely bald, like it had been shaved and then fused with a thick green rubber of some kind. \"Hallo…. Ssssmokin'\" she breathed. Her voice was low and husky. It sounded breathy and seductive. He could see her features moving behind the thick green rubber to form a grin. She was grinning widely at him. She had dark green lips. \"Heyyyyy… handsome young man. Want to donate some seed?\" asked the apparition. She patted her chest and to his astonishment, her chest expanded. Her breasts were growing before his eyes! \"Am – am I dreaming?\" he stammered. \"It's a hot dream,\" she whispered, putting her arms round him, her firm breasts pushing into his chest. He began to feel aroused at her touch. \"Are you feeling alright?\" he asked. He decided to put his arms around her as well. The top of her smooth bald head brushed his cheek. Her scalp felt cool and silky. \"Help me feel alright, please?\" she whispered in his ear, her warm breath tickling him. \"You're a lovely boy who would want to help a lady. I know it. Please stay with me in there.\" A door to their left swung open inwards. But that door always opened outwards. It was just a utility cupboard for caretaking supplies. But to his astonishment, Jack could see a candlelit room with a Jacuzzi and a round, pink bed that looked very soft. \"Please take a dip with me?\" said the masked woman, looking him full in the face. What was familiar about her violet blue eyes? It was hard to read the expression of her freakishly altered face, but did she look anxious? Pleading? As though she could not bear for him to decline? He nodded. They went into the Jacuzzi room that had magically appeared in the utility cupboard. She closed the door behind them and her leather outfit slipped to the ground, leaving her stark naked. Her curvaceous body was very pale and unblemished, a contrast with her strange, bright green head. He averted his eyes. She grinned and slipped into the pool where she was concealed with bubbles up to her neck. \"The water's lovely, you gorgeous thing,\" she said, beckoning him in. He undressed and slipped into the water. This was exciting. He thought this kind of thing only happened in dreams… The Jacuzzi water was warm and the bubbles burst against him, arousing his sensitive manhood. She grinned. \"I need your help,\" she said. Suddenly her voice was much more subdued. Serious. \"I'm lonely and confused,\" she said. \"Please, please comfort me. Please be generous with what you have.\" She moved in close. Her nose was a cute shape, coated as it was with strange green rubber. \"Kiss me…\" she whispered and he kissed the cool, smooth tip of her nose. He could feel himself becoming aroused… \"I am your good fairy,\" she whispered huskily, \"let me love you with passion.\" Did this strange woman really want him to do what he thought she wanted? He wondered what he should say. He noticed the bubbles on the surface seemed to have grown thicker, forming a milky white foam. \"I have a mole on my stomach, though you can't see…\" he said, feeling himself blush, not able to think of anything else to say. \"Awww you have a freckled nose and cheeks too. So cute,\" she said, leaning close. \"I would want your dear face, whether or not I can get my own back.\" That night they made sweet love and he felt like he really had found his love one. The mind of a teenage boy can be easily turned in the passion of the moment.[Chapter 3] The Mother and The Father The next day, Jack remembered his encounter to the last vivid detail. He would not forget such an introduction to manhood. Who was the mysterious masked lady? Would he see her again? His feelings were confused. He felt so passionate and yet so protective of her. Could they become an item somehow? Should they? During midmorning break, Nicole approached him as he sat on the old wooden bench. She looked pale and anxious and appeared to have spent a sleepless night. \"Jack, are you alright?\" she asked, laying a hand on his arm and peering into his face, \"I – I…\" she opened and shut her ruby lips as if at a loss for words. \"Perfectly fine thanks, Miss,\" said Jack. He couldn't very well tell her of his steamy encounter of the previous night. She was gazing at him searchingly. He wondered why. \"If there is anything you need to tell me… anything you need to talk about, I am here,\" she said, biting her bottom lip. \"There is nothing, I've never felt better,\" said Jack with sincerity, \"I feel like a new person. Not the person I was.\" Nicole squirmed in her seat. \"It might help you to talk about it some time,\" she said, her high voice quavering. \"Even if something seems enchanting, it may not be good all the same.\" She pushed her blond hair away from her face, her eyes oddly bright. \"Do you think you would like to go to the museum this Saturday or soon? As a free educational trip? I can ask your mum and dad too.\" A day with Nicole appealed to him far more than the prospect of a day with any of the masters would have done. \"Oh that would be nice,\" he agreed. On Saturday they drove to the museum in Nicole's car. Nicole had explained that especially promising pupils could receive special educational trips as a reward. \"Dad was right. It is kind of you,\" he said. \"I'm not sure I do deserve such approval,\" she replied shaking her blond head. Jack could not think what that meant, so kept silent. At the museum, Jack stared in awe at the iconic gem of the Victorian stuffed animal collection – a great stuffed walrus. \"But the 19th century taxidermists stuffed the hide too taut so that it doesn't have the natural creases a walrus should,\" said Nicole, \"but I always loved the walrus. Ever since I was a little girl. I would definitely take any child of mine here as soon as they could walk.\" The museum had an aquarium too, built on steps, a set of tanks on each level. At the top there was an axolotl tank. The lizard swam contently through the water in the tank, unaware that it was being watched. \"The axolotl can live out its entire life in this form,\" said Nicole, \"but then if its water source dries up it becomes a salamander – a completely different creature adapted to a dry environment. This lizard could become something else entirely, but it has no idea…\" her violet blue eyes were misty for a moment. She was lost in thought. \"Ignorance is bliss little fellow,\" she said to the axolotl. They looked through the puppet section next. There was an array of old Punch and Judy puppets in a glass cabinet. \"I liked Punch and Judy,\" said Jack who could remember a show once at a beach, \"but I didn't know it was supposed to be so dark.\" He was looking at a collection of puppets and the placard underneath which told of a Punch and Judy story. In it, Punch threw the baby puppet out of the window and then beat Judy to death. The final puppet represented the ghost of Judy who haunted Punch in retribution. \"Comedy and Horror are similarly reactive modes of story telling I think,\" said Nicole. Then they came to another cabinet. In it there was a puppet representing a beautiful girl who put on a strange mask and became another puppet. The caption underneath said that in her altered state she would become a witch, swooping down on young men in the night and having sexual intercourse with them, in this way taking their children and their future. The girl puppet had long golden hair, but with the mask on, she had a weirdly distorted green face. Nicole suddenly turned white at the sight of the puppet and began gasping. Jack took her by the arm and they sat down on a bench. He put his arms around her and she buried her face in his chest. \"Is your girlfriend finding the puppets too frightening?\" asked a curator who was walking past. \"Not my girlfriend,\" said Jack, patting Nicole's back. He was uneasy. She hadn't lost it like this in class even when the boys were winding her up. What could he do? She was the adult here. \"It's just a silly puppet,\" he whispered, stroking her hair and hoping that would comfort her, \"and frankly, the Judy ghost puppet is more frightening. That one has a skull for a head and is dressed in a shroud. The witch puppet is actually strangely exciting.\" Thinking about the witch reminded him of his mysterious masked lover. He would never forget her. His manhood rose at her memory. Nicole looked up. Her mascara was running and her tears had left black mascara tracts down her cheeks. Her carefully applied makeup had been smudged. Her violet blue eyes shone with tears in the dim light. \"Dearest,\" she said sniffling, \"if anything has happened that you feel you can't talk to me about, perhaps it could help to either write it down or to draw a picture of it. That could help get it out of your system.\" In the weeks that followed, Nicole did seem to be looking out for Jack. One day he tried to enter the canteen, but Seb Jones tripped him. Nicole was there in an instant. \"How dare you, Jones,\" she said fiercely, her violet blue eyes flashing, \"don't smirk at me. I've a good mind to take you to Mr Crombie.\" Mr Crombie was the deputy head and in charge of discipline. Jones scowled and dropped his gaze. Jack and Nicole walked into lunch together and sat at the same table. As she ate she looked distinctly queasy. \"Oh dear, I don't think I can finish this,\" she said. She did look pale and sickly. \"Are you OK?\" asked Jack. \"Fine, sweetie,\" said Nicole and clapped a hand to her mouth and ran out of the canteen, leaving her food untouched. He took her advice and tried to draw images of how he remembered the she-mask. He showed her illustrations he had drawn of the she-mask one afternoon after art class. \"These are so evocative. You are talented,\" she said, gazing at him. \"I remember her anxious expression,\" said Jack, \"she definitely…\" he realised he had been about to talk about his encounter with the she-mask. He fell silent. \"You can tell me,\" said Nicole, gazing at him, \"I would always take your word.\" So he told her. Her violet blue eyes shone with tears when he had finished. \"Whoever the masked lady was, whatever her issues were, she should not have sought a relationship with someone who was still a teenager,\" said Nicole, pushing her blond hair away from her face, \"she can't have been in her right mind to do something so wrong.\" She shifted in her seat. \"I'm leaving at the end of the year,\" she said suddenly. \"Leaving?\" said Jack. He didn't want Nicole to leave. But Nicole was suddenly retching and clapping her hands to her mouth. Jack quickly helped her to the ladies room. He could hear her vomiting noisily as he waited outside the door. She emerged, pale and clammy. \"I'm going to have a baby, dear,\" she said, \"that's why I keep throwing up.\" \"Congratulations!\" said Jack. Nicole smiled ruefully. \"I want a child, but these circumstances are strange. I haven't got a man in my life. I'll manage though.\" As winter gave way Spring, Nicole's sickly phase passed and she seemed much happier. By the summer, her belly was swelling. At the midsummer day event she seemed to be glowing when they met for the last time. Her blond hair glinted in the sun. \"Good to see you looking so well,\" she said, hugging him, \"feel my baby bump.\" He could feel her baby kicking as she hugged him. And he still had no idea the baby was his.[Chapter 4] The Inheritance Jack gazed at his beautiful daughter. Those eyes, so like his own, gazed back. \"And despite all this it never occurred to you that I could possibly be yours?\" said Lottie, her voice trembling a little. Jack hoped fervently that she wasn't going to burst into tears. He wished he knew how to comfort her. It felt so awkward… if he had taken part in her upbringing he could hug her but as it was they were virtual strangers. At that moment he felt a surge of resentment against Nicole. Why had she excluded him from their daughter's life? Of course that was obvious. It had been illegal for them to have a child together, whether or not she was masked. However much he might have wished it otherwise, they could not have been together as man and wife. And yet he felt that she should not have left his life like that taking his daughter away. Looking at her now the pieces had all fallen into place he felt a sense of pride in the woman she had become mixed with a terrible sadness that he had never been able to be there with her. Tears shone in Lottie's hazel eyes. At that moment he wanted to connect with her more than anything. \"You are my only child, Lottie. I haven't a wife or a girlfriend. You could live with me. We are family.\" \"I… I… yes… we've got to try,\" said Lottie, her bottom lip trembling. Sparkling tears trickled down her cheeks. Anne's eyes darted to Lottie and then to him. \"And your mum Lottie, you'll tell her…\" said Anne. Ah yes, there was that little snag. It would be so weird facing Nicole again. What could they do? Get married for Lottie's sake? A bit late for that. He pictured himself with Nicole in the Mask – that would have made for an interesting family photo… \"Oh yes, I've got to confront her about these secrets she's kept for so long,\" said Lottie, wiping the tears away from her cheeks, \"Jack… Dad… can you come now? We can't delay. We've already lost so much time.\" She was right. They left the pub. It was dark outside and the night air was cool. Lottie proudly slipped her arm in his. Jack's heart was hammering at the thought of seeing Nicole again. \"Are you nervous, Dad?\" asked Lottie. The light of a lamppost illuminated her long pale face and glinted off her auburn hair. \"Just a little,\" he admitted. \"Nicole and I do go back a long way… that is, it's been so long…\" \"She's quite approachable,\" chimed Anne. \"So approachable. But she kept us in the dark,\" said Lottie grimly. \"We will have words.\" She gazed at him again and when she spoke her voice was soft once more. \"We'll get the bus the rest of the way if you're nervous. I've got an adult oyster with me if you need one.\" \"I – I have my own, Lottie,\" he replied. He registered that she now spoke to him tenderly but what was the dynamic between them. Really they couldn't ever be like father and daughter. She seemed so mature for her age and he thought her concern was rather like that of an older sister. \"Well that's a stroke of luck,\" said Lottie as they approached a bus stop and the bus came into view. On the bus Lottie held his hand. \"I wish I had my youtube favourites playlist to calm me,\" he said abruptly. He tended to say what was on his mind without thinking how it might sound. He thought perhaps he had been alone too long. Oh well, he was proud of his playlist. \"It's got all types of music from all different eras.\" \"I'm the same, I like all kinds of music,\" said Lottie. \"I think something that is cheesy and eerily soothing would calm me now, like Johnny Leyton.\" Lottie giggled, \"mum could say, 'Johnny… remember me,' in a ghostly wail.\" \"I see why you're so random, Lottie,\" said Anne cheerily, \"runs in the family.\" Lottie raised her eyebrows. \"Anne, do you mind?\" Jack was beginning to feel more at ease. \"Lately I've been listening to Joseph and his Technicolour Dreamcoat.\" Lottie smiled and began singing Any Dream Will Do. Jack liked her voice. \"I wish I could sing, but I never trusted my voice after it broke on me and then turned in to a bass.\" Lottie laughed, her hazel eyes shining. Jack felt very much at ease with his daughter now. \"I do wonder what happened to Jacob to make him passive-stupid by that point in Genesis. He was really unaware of what the horrible brothers were up to? The part which stayed with me the most was how he loved Joseph so much that he would wake up and get to his feet when Joseph appeared. What must he have gone through when they were separated?\" Lottie knew what he was driving at although Anne looked baffled. Tears shone in her eyes again. Eventually they reached their stop. Jack held his daughter's hand as they approached the house. Anne trotted a little way behind them. The street was in a nice area, a row of terraced houses with privet hedges. Nicole had done well for herself to live here, especially as she had become a single mother. Jack's heart began to thud as they approached the green painted front door. \"Are you OK?\" whispered Lottie. Jack nodded, but his throat seemed to have seized up. Lottie opened the front door. \"I'm home!\" she called. The lighting in the hall was soft and pleasant. The air smelled faintly fragrant. The front door included a stain glass pane through which the moonlight shone. The sound of footfalls. Then Nicole was here. Jack's heart skipped. She was clearly older, her glossy blond hair appeared to have been bleached, perhaps because it had started to go grey. She was carefully made up although her skin was not quite as lustrous and radiant now. She had not gained much weight although he wondered if she was as graceful and slender as she had been when they had done the deed… he wasn't sure… She gave a start as she saw him, her violet blue eyes wide and shocked, as though she had seen a ghost. Her mouth opened and shut, like a fish out of water. Anne followed them in at this point. \"Nicole, are you alright?\" she asked. Lottie's eyes were very bright as she pointed at Nicole. \"See anyone familiar, Mum? Anyone you didn't tell me – tell me about for – for sixteen years?\" Her voice trembled with emotion. Jack's insides squirmed. He felt so bad for Nicole at this moment. But it was she who had hidden his daughter from him… \"Jack…\" said Nicole weakly. She looked really pale. \"I – come in…\" she beckoned them all into the front room where they sat down on couches. \"I'll make some tea, shall I?\" said Anne brightly. \"Yes dear...\" said Nicole, her voice still faint. Anne left the room Lottie glared at her mother. \"You really have some explaining to do, understand? You've got to tell the rest of the strange story of the she-mask. Starting from the end of Jack's involvement. He is my father and he still doesn't know.\"[Chapter 5] A House of Hell Nicole was very pale. She gazed at Jack and he steeled himself and folded his arms. It felt wrong not comforting her, but what could he do? Lottie clearly wanted a confrontation to take place and he did not want to go against his daughter's wishes. \"I - I...\" she said, her voice quivering. She swallowed. \"There is no point in lying any more. My dears, you know how we are all a family and my folly. I knew this day would come. I was hoping it would. I don't deserve to hide anything.\" Her eyes were bright with tears, but she sat up straight. \"There is more to the story of the she-mask.\" Nicole began to tell her story. I had to stop work when darling Lottie came along. I couldn't afford rent and I had no relationship. My old boyfriend had already betrayed and left me before I found the Mask. We had to live with my mother at first. Coward that I was, I told no one else, but her of what I had done. That I had taken sexual advantage of a boy. I would carry the Mask with me, concealed about my person to remind myself of my guilt and ensure that it would never be used again. Mum was disappointed of course, but her priorities were to protect her guilty daughter and her blameless grandchild. But I had to get back into work and that is not easy for a single mother who has taken a break from the workplace. I applied for a position that seemed too good to miss - flexible hours and really good pay and I was granted an interview. But it was in another city, a considerable drive away. I suspected nothing as I left to go to the interview, leaving my little Lottie with mum. My sense of direction was never very precise, my dears. I took a wrong turn along the way, at Mingleford, after taking directions from an old man with long white hair. Looking back on it I thought I remembered a mischievous glint in his eye. I had been driving for a long time before I realised I was hopelessly lost. Night fell and a storm started up. I kept driving, but it became hard to see anything in the deluge. Suddenly there was a flash of lightning. It illuminated the figure of an old man standing in the road right in front of me. The old man in Mingleford! I swerved and the car careened off the road and into the ditch. My heart was thumping and I was trembling as I got out of the car and into the pouring rain. I prayed I had not hit him. I looked up and down the road and called out, but there was noone there. But I had been so sure I had seen someone! I searched up and down the road becoming soaked to the skin. My hair was sodden and my dress clung to me. There was noone here. Had I imagined it? With my weird experience as the she-mask, I might be starting to go mad... I got back into the car and tried to start it, but the engine was dead. In those days I didn't have a mobile phone. What was I going to do? The car was parked firmly in the ditch. It had been miles since I had passed the last house. As if in answer to my thoughts, a light flickered in the distance. I got out of the car and into the rain again. Across the ditch was a long, winding drive, leading up to a curious ramshackle old house. What luck! Or so I thought... I hurried up the drive, realising how awkward and impractical my high heels were. The drive needed a small fortune in repairs. There was a light shining through the window on the first floor of the house. It was not an electric light. Rather, the glow of an oil lamp. Close to the house was in a shocking state of disrepair. Parts appeared to be literally falling off. I climbed the creaking steps to the front porch, glad to be out of the rain. I knew that the owner of the house would not thank me for waking them up at this hour - five minutes to midnight - but I had to get to a telephone if I was to call a garage. I tugged on the old fashioned bell pull and a deep gong sounded from within the house. A few moments later the door opened and a tall middle-aged fellow stood before me looking at me with disapproval. \"Yes?\" he said frowning at me. He listened, his long face solemn, as I gabbled on in my nervousness. I explained my predicament, how I was lost and how my car had broken down. \"Come in,\" he said, \"the Master is expecting you. Follow!\" He led me into the reception hall and told me to sit and wait for the Master. I sat in a solid carved chair and looked around. The reception hall was not what I expected from the dilapidated exterior of the house. It was elegantly decorated with tapestries and fine oak panels. A number of portraits lined the walls. A sturdy sixteenth-century table was set against one wall and there was an array of paintings. I take an interest in art, as you know. I stood to examine the portraits and whether they were genuine antiques. The first painting was of a beautiful young woman with long dark hair, wearing a fine white dress and a tiara. A plaque beneath read \"Lady Bethany of Danvers: 1802 to 1824.\" I was sure it was genuine. I admired how well the painted had captured her beauty and wondered why this lady of an aristocratic household had died so young. As I stared at how the painting showed up the fine contours of her face, I blinked and looked again. Were her lips moving? A whisper reached my ears and I leaned closer. I could hear the soft voice of a girl with a refined accent calling my name: \"Nicole, Nicole, beware of this place, for it is cursed. Many have succumbed to the horrors that lie within, myself included. The evil Lord Kilnor is already plotting your death. Drink not his red wine. Or if you still can, escape while you may.\" A cold prickle ran down my spine. I knew of course that the supernatural was very real and ghosts, witches and succubae really existed. I had even been one myself. What sort of place was this? Was Bethany communicating to me from beyond the grave or was it that I was really going mad, as I feared? Footsteps! I hastily sat down in my chair again. The fellow who had opened the door for me walked in, this time accompanied by a large and imposing man dressed in a blood red smoking jacked. His black hair was slicked down and his piercing dark eyes seemed to stab right into me as he towered above me, smiling an icy smile. The servant announced: \"May I present Lord Kilnor, the Earl of Drumer?\" I hastily got to my feet and curtseyed. I was wishing I could be back at home cuddling my darling Lottie. Lord Kilnor crushed my hand in his and I tried not to wince. He drew back his lips to reveal his teeth, which were very white and even, but looked strangely sharp. \"There will be no need to speak.\" His cold voice resonated deeply. \"I can see you have been caught in the filthy storm. Come into my parlour, please do. We can sit by the fire and soon you will find all your cares are ended forever. Franklins!\" He snapped at the butler. \"Order the cook to prepare some food for our guest and step on it.\" \"At once Master,\" said Franklins gulping and he hurried away. I protested that I did not want to be any trouble, but the Earl ignored me. He stalked into the drawing room and I trotted after him. A fire was burning under the ornate mantelpiece. The warmth of the fire washed over me. I sat down and hastened to explain myself. \"I thank you so much for your gracious hospitality, my Lord,\" I said, brushing my sodden hair away from my face, \"I desperately need to get to a job interview tomorrow morning.\" His cold eyes bored into me. He had not sat, but was towering over me. \"I am an art teacher,\" I stammered \"and a single mum, so it's a unique opportunity for me to be likely to get a-another job.\" \"Our phone lines have come down in the storm,\" said the Earl abruptly, \"but you can stay for the night... and maybe a bite? Ah, here is Franklins now.\" The butler had returned and announced that the meal was ready. Well that had been very quick. It should have been obvious to me then that I had been expected. The Earl strode to the dining room and I hastened to follow him. The dining room looked magnificent. A long table strechted between two fine chairs and was laid with gleaming silver cutlery. A rich red wallpaper covered the walls and the room was lit by a sparkling chandelier, bristling with candles, which hung from the ceiling. I sat down and the Earl finally sat down as well. The butler moved behind me to offer wine. I remembered Beth's whispered warning from the portrait. Well... whether or not I was going mad, I would take no further chances. \"White wine,\" I squeaked. The wine was dry and light, obviously a very expensive vintage. Franklins brought in a rack of lamb. I ate my fill. No point going hungry. At that point I just wanted to feel more at ease and tried to get the Earl talking. \"You have a wonderful collection of paintings,\" I told him, \"Bethany's painting is most remarkable.\" \"Ah, she died amid strange circumstances,\" said the Earl with relish, \"the story goes that she was found in a clearing not far from here with strange marks on her throat. Strange, no?\" I shuddered. \"Strange,\" I agreed. \"But of late, there have been unfounded rumours about this house being cursed, so the ignorant farmers have deserted the estate. Nothing in it of course. Now you must be tired, for it is well past midnight. Franklins will show you to your room. You will be very pleased here.\" Franklins led me up the stairs and into a room with a plaque on the door which read \"Apolloyon.\" The Apollyon room was a richly appointed lady's bedchamber with an ornate foreposter bed and lace curtains that stretched from floor to ceiling. Franklins bade me goodnight and shut the door. I could hear a key grating in the lock. I was feeling really worried. There was definitely something phoney about all this. And then I saw her. The shimmering outline of a beautiful young woman with long dark hair, wearing a white bridal gown that had been ripped and torn... there was no mistaking those delicate features. It was Bethany, her spirit form coalescing before me. My heart thudded. There really was a ghost then. The house of Drumer was haunted. Bethany's dark eyes were wide and anxious. Her ruby lips moved and I heard her soft voice echo once more: \"Nicole... thank God I have found you before it is too late. I warned you Nicole. This place is a den of terrible evil. A sect of devil-worshippers have made their lair here, under the leadership of Kilnor, the Earl of Drumer. Could you not sense anything wrong about him?\" \"I - yes he is a bit creepy,\" I replied weakly. \"You have been lured here Nicole. They intend to sacrifice you to the Demons of Hellfire. They have locked their other victims in the cellar ready to be sacrificed. Yesterday they captured a pretty young girl like yourself, a district nurse who came calling. But I can sense that you are not helpless like she is. You have a power the evil ones know not. You can free us all.\" Suddenly the Mask concealed in my inner pocket seemed to burn. But at that moment there was a dreadful barking close at hand and two ghostly great danes appeared their eyes glowing red. \"They've come for me,\" cried Beth. Without hesitating, without even thinking about it, I reached into my pocked and drew out the Mask. As the dogs sprang at Beth, I jammed it onto my face. Yes my dears, I did not want to use it again. But what else could I have done? Just as I had done a year previously, I felt the jolt through my entire being and the mask clenching hard on my skull, agonisingly tight. I whirled around at an impossible speed, tearing down furnishings and curtains... I heard the whimpering of the spectral hounds as they retreated... And then I stood before the mirror, seeing myself as she-mask once more. My head, huge, lurid green and completely bald, my face covered in that thick green rubber. I was back in that tight leather outfit again. It was originally just you and I who knew Jack, but now others were going to as well. The sense of power and unlimited confidence surged through me again. It was intoxicating. Memories of the last time I had been she-mask were very vivid. I felt that I wanted Jack back in my arms, but knew that there were more pressing matters. Bethany hovered beside me. \"Welcome back, Lady of the Night,\" she whispered, \"now we really do stand a chance. The minions of Hellfire will not know what hit them.\"[Chapter 6] A Demonic Foe \"Feels sooo good to be back,\" I purred as I gazed at my reflection. I puckered my dark green lips and blew a kiss at the mirror. I patted the top of my shiny green head. \"It's been too long already. Beth darling, do you happen to have a wig I might use?\" When I had worn the Mask previously I had not known that I would change back at dawn's first light. I had wondered if I would be stuck in she-mask form forever, but that prospect actually hadn't bothered me. She-mask does not worry about things. She does what she wants. Bethany cast no reflection. She shook her head and her noir tresses rippled and bounced. \"I never had need of wigs.\" \"No matter, I don't need hair just yet. I will strike fear into our enemies. But first a little spruce up. Got to keep my looks green and elegant.\" I conjured a small pot of green powder from thin air along with a powder puff. It was just as I remembered. The strange powers I had as she-mask came as easily as a sigh. I only had to think of an object to create it. I did not yet know the limits. I rubbed my shiny green face with the powder puff. \"Now come, my poor darling,\" I concentrated and took hold of Bethany's hand. She gave a little gasp of surprise. As a ghost she presumably hadn't been able to interact with anyone living before, but I could bend the normal rules now. \"Mind if I call you Beth? 'My lady' would sound too stiff. We're going to spook these devil-worshippers out together, Beth.\" Franklins had locked the door, but it was an ordinary door and an ordinary lock. The idea of it holding against me was laughable. I didn't even have to give it a thought, it just swung open and we swept out onto the landing. My impractical heels were gone. I now had a pair of leather boots and while these had stiletto heels, I pranced along with perfect balance while Bethany floated beside me. The carpet of the landing was thick and blood red. A horrible colour scheme. The landing was lit by oil lamps, but suddenly these dimmed and I sensed malign intent all around us. \"Do you sense it too, Beth?\" \"Most certainly.\" Beth's echoey voice was grave, her delicate features composed in a solemn expression. \"The spirits of evil-doers haunt this place as well.\" A shadow appeared before us and coalesced into the form of a decapitated man in Tudor dress with a ruff. He was holding his head which leered at us and dripped blood. Beth gave a little cry, but I was not afraid. Was I not a terror myself? \"Fool girl, who was never a bride and you, you foul witch, you know not your peril,\" echoed the cracked voice of a man from the decapitated head. \"You know not yours, because you are not ahead of us.\" I quipped. \"You were never the head of this household. You're a head short.\" \"Nicole...\" murmured Beth. \"Alright, let's not loose our heads,\" I urged as the evil spirit snarled at me. I started forwards and snatched his head from him and flung it into the air. He tried to retrieve his head by his psychic power, but mine was greater and I sent it whirling around the ceiling. On a whim, I conjured a basket ball hoop out of thin air and propelled the ghostly head through it. \"Slam dunk! Would you believe I'm an art teacher not a gym teacher?\" Exerting my will power again I crumpled the spook's head and his decapitated body into two little sphere's of light. \"Now beat it and never go around scaring people again. My dear Beth is sensitive.\" I hurled the evil spirit from us, but he was not banished from this plane. There was a malign enchantment on this place that bound the spirits to it. This would have to be looked into. \"There is a greater evil close by, a malign spirit more potent than that one,\" said Beth, stroking her cheek in an anxious way. \"I know, because he ended my life. I believe the wicked Kilnor told you of the rumours.\" I could not stand to see her agitated. I put my arms around her and she hugged me back - I could feel her gossamer grip. Her silky hair tickled my smooth green cheek. The surface of the Mask was sensitive although you might not think it. \"We'll get him, don't worry,\" I breathed. We turned from the main landing through a side passage and arrived at a door on which there was a gleaming plaque with the words \"Abaddon Room.\" The door swung open before me to reveal a room lit only by a glimmering blood red light. There was a leather armchair facing away from the door and two more doors in the far wall. \"The foul spirit is here,\" whispered Beth, \"I cannot enter.\" \"Fret not, dear Beth, I'll evict that nasty.\" I stepped over the threshold. A chilling voice sounded: \"so the hapless girl is inquisitive? Perhaps wanting to stay for some, shall we say... amusements?\" Suddenly the voice turned sharp. \"Wait! That cannot be our visitor, what are you?\" A man reared into view, tall and dark and swathed in a black cape lined with red velvet, his glaring black eyes seeming to gleam red in the bloody light, his lips drawn back to reveal impossibly sharp teeth, like those of a wolf... With my heightened senses I could feel a palpable aura of evil around him. \"She-Mask has guessed what you are,\" I declared, \"your bloodsucking nights are over.\" \"Slaves! Attack!\" Roared the vampire. One of the doors opposite swung open and a pair of rotting, shambling corpses shuffled forwards, desiccated skin stretched taught over their skulls, eyes lidless and staring, blackened lips drawn back to reveal rotted teeth... Without the Mask, I would have been overwhelmed by that horrible sight, but now I was imbued with unlimited self-confidence. \"An amusement of my own!\" I crooned. I envisioned how much I considered a spiderweb to be a work of art with intricate threads and laces. Silken strands of webbing shot out of my fingertips and ensnared the zombies which collapsed, thrashing in the sticky strands, becoming entangled tighter and tighter. \"Now you know what is at stake!\" I said chuckling my low, husky chuckle. And with that I snatched a long wooden stake out of thin air. The point was exceedingly sharp - the very tip whittled down to just one molecule. The head of the stake was shaped to resemble the bald green head of the She-Mask - me - complete with the detail of my broad, toothy grin. The vampire glared at me with an intense glare. I sensed he was attempting some kind of hypnosis, but I contemptuously waved it away. \"You have to get up earlier in the night to try mind games with me.\" I lunged faster than the human eye could measure and grasped at him as he attempted to disappear. The vampire thrashed in my grip and I willed my body to become iron. Now my grip was literally iron he could not break free and attempted ineffectually to bite me. \"Don't bust your teeth,\" I urged and held him down and lifted the stake. \"Hmm... I get to use one of these...\" I plunged the point into his chest, piercing his shrivelled black heart and he gave a blood curdling roar. Instantly, his illusion of himself as a tall and dark man was gone to reveal his batlike undead form which crumbled as I held it down until there was nothing left, but blackened bones. The zombies in the web ceased to struggle. The zombification spell was broken too. The blood red glimmering light went out. I stood and willed a glowing sphere of silvery light into being. \"Come in Beth, it's quite safe,\" I called. Beth drifted over the threshold her pale transparent hands clasped. \"Thank all the powers of goodness! You have killed the monster. But my spirit cannot rest until the evil spell of this house is ended as well. There are prisoners in the cells beneath the house. We must free them first.\" I followed Beth as she floated through the other door in the far wall and down two staircases until we arrived in a dingy, musty smelling bare stone passage which opened out into a wide, bare stone room lined with four cells. One was empty, clearly intended for me, but the other three had occupants. One prisoner was a pretty young woman in a grimy nurse's uniform, with shoulder length blond hair, her cheeks streaked with grime and tears. As we entered she screamed at us, begging to be released. The second cell contained a calm elderly lady who had maintained a sense of quiet dignity even despite her predicament and the third a red headed boy with a strikingly handsome, freckled face that immediately caught my attention. I beamed at him - that wide toothy grin again. I have a weakness for very handsome red headed boys, as you know, but She-Mask does not have any inhibitions about it. \"The witching hour approaches, handsome,\" I purred, \"want to work some magic?\" \"Nicole, please focus.\" Beth was hovering anxiously by my elbow. \"Ah well, I had better get rid of the Devil-Worshippers first,\" I conceded and snapped my fingers. The cell doors all swung open. The blond girl rushed forwards, throwing her arms around me and sobbing incoherent thanks. I put an arm round her as the lady and the red headed boy stepped forwards cautiously. \"My thanks to you Miss,\" said the lady, \"we are forever in your debt.\" \"Aw come on, make it a group hug,\" I urged and my arms extended to a shocking length as though they were elastic and wrapped around Beth and the three erstwhile prisoners. \"How about kissing me as thanks?\" I said in a stage whisper to the red headed boy whose freckled cheeks flushed pink and he quickly brushed his lips against my cheek. I grew excited at his touch, but knew there was work to be done. I stood proudly, gazing at them through the eye holes in the Mask. \"I am She-Mask and the ethereal lady is the lovely Beth.\" \"Lilly,\" said the blond nurse still sniffing. \"Lady Brewster and I thank you.\" \"Ralph,\" the red headed boy was still gazing at me in astonishment. With the Mask on I wouldn't win any beauty contest. \"Now to get you out of here while I settle the score with Kilnor-\" I declared, but was interrupted by the arrival of four men in red robes with masks of their own - fashioned from the heads of dead goats - who rushed into the stone room brandishing knives. The Lilly gave a shriek and Lady Danvers and Ralph moved to stand behind me. \"Oh go to Hell, devil-worshippers,\" I said exasperated and immediately transformed into a living whirlwind, tearing about the stone room and knocking the evil cultists down like ninepins. Very soon, the four of them were locked in the cells. \"See how you like it.\" Beth beckoned. \"We must make haste. The Master can only be challenged in the Red Room, to symbolise a battle taking place in Hell, but we must get these three out of the way first.\" I linked arms with Ralph as Beth led the way along the damp stone passageways, Lilly and Lady Danvers following. \"This is not really my kind of scene,\" I whispered huskily to Ralph, \"the devil-worshippers are creeps. I can tell it's not your scene either, Ralph dear. If you were wondering how to thank me properly, don't worry - we can go somewhere private when all this is over.\" \"She-Mask - you are - you are a super-heroine?\" said Ralph gazing at me, his green eyes wide. \"Yes and you can be my side-kick. Beth is sweet and all, but I crave male company - of the right sort.\" We reached a flight of worn, stone steps and followed Beth up to the ground floor. Back by the front door. I pointed at Beth's portrait. \"You are as beautiful as your painting, sweetie. You would be an excellent art class model. When this is all over, that could be a way you can thank me.\" I turned to the others. \"Isn't she beautiful, like an oil painting?\" \"Indeed,\" said Lady Brewster gravely. \"She is,\" said Lilly sniffling. \"Absolutely,\" said Ralph. \"Well she is a beauty who catches your attention,\" I said, but I could not conceal my feelings. She-Mask wears her innermost desires on my sleeve and now tears sprang to my eyes. \"Nicole is beautiful too and she can show you later, but now we must focus,\" said Beth and glided over to the front door. Of course I had to focus on the task at hand. The door was probably locked, but that never stopped She-Mask... When I grasped the handle I felt an electric shock - the door was boobytrapped to prevent escape, but of course it could not work against me any more. \"Feels like a tickle,\" I observed and pushed the door open without effort. A devil-worshipper stood in the front porch, his mask fashioned from the head of a dead goat dripped animal blood and the dead eyes stared vacantly upwards. Lilly screamed again, but I knew I could handle things. \"I have one Hell of a fist,\" I boasted and gave him such a punch that he reeled and fell. In a trice, I had tied him up with more gossamer strands. I ushered my friends out onto the drive and led them away from the house, into the seclusion of an old copse. \"Look after them,\" I told lady Danvers and sped back to the horrible house in whirlwind form, Beth gliding alongside me, through the front door and then to the door of the dining room. \"This can only be the Red Room. I remember the horrible decor,\" I mused, \"offensive to any artist.\" \"Indeed,\" said Beth gravely, \"the Master can only be summoned to this room.\" The door was locked but I kicked it open and rang the bell on the wall. \"If Kilnor doesn't come quick, I'll find him and drag him here.\" Two minutes later, Franklins the Butler came hurrying into the room and gave a start at the sight of us. \"I - I-\" he stammered, glancing wildly from me to Beth. What a sight we must have presented! \"Don't repeat an alphabetical letter at me, old boy,\" I said sternly, \"I got enough nonsense from my students. Fetch Kilnor now.\" He nodded. \"Right away, Miss\" and then hurried off. Ten minutes later Kilnor stormed in. His cold eyes registered astonishment for a split second. \"What manner of sorcerous trickery is this? No lowly succubus is welcome here. I prepare the way for the demons of Hellfire!\" \"On the contrary, this sexy succubus will stop your sick schemes.\" The Earl pulled a knife with a skull shaped handle and brandished it, but I conjured more webbing and wrapped it around him, trussing him up like a turkey. Franklins backed into a corner. \"Franklins! Move in Man!\" Screamed Kilnor as he lay bound on the floor. \"Step up and attack!\" Franklins shook his head. Obviously he was not the aggressive type. \"Why you could be as smart as Jeeves,\" I told him nodding in approval. \"Wait...\" I sensed something wrong. An aura of terrible evil wrapped itself around Franklins... Beth gave a little cry and Franklins began to yell... Steam billowed around him as his human shell dissolved. Horns cracked through his skull, his form grew and distorted. Now the horror that stood before me was a true demon with scaly red skin and a gaping maw with jagged fangs. Its terrible eyes glimmered with a baleful light. \"Hail, your infernal eminence,\" called the Earl from the floor. \"Oh Nicole... the Earl is not the Master... this is the Master!\" whispered Beth. \"You summoned Franklins, you didn't summon the Earl directly.\" \"I'll handle it, but keep well back,\" I urged and spun into a living whirlwind again, casting bolts of lightning at the horror with all the force I could muster. But it appeared to have no effect. The demon breathed a gout of fire at me, but I willed myself to transmute into an indestructible crystal and my body became hard and gleaming white. The fires were deflected away from my crystalline form and then I willed my forearms to morph into machine guns and sprayed the horror with a hail of bullets. These had no effect either and it charged me down with terrible force, knocking me to the floor and trampling me with its cloven hooves, even though I was struggling through an effort of will to get back on my feet. For once, She-Mask could not do exactly as she wished. \"Your toys are useless against the infernal Master,\" gloated the irrepressible Earl, still on the floor. I willed my crystalline form to sprout sharp spikes, but the demon merely bellowed and continued to trample me, frustrated that I would not crack. \"Nicole, the only weapon I know of that can slay a demon is an angelic sword, but can you conjure one?\" cried Beth from across the room. I had seen a painting of such a thing... the painting of an angel who guided a skilled weaponsmith in fashioning a sword from Earthly metals that would be potent enough to smite a demon... I had admired the fine brushstrokes that appeared to make the blade gleam with an icy white shine like pure platinum... I envisioned it now as I had when I admired the artwork and wondered how I could paint something similar. And low and behold, I now held such a blad in my crystalline grasp. I struck at the fiend's leg and pierced the sinews behind its mighty knee. It bellowed and stumbled and I got to my feet. It tried to lunge at me, but swifter than the eye could see, I dodged and then as it tried to clutch me with its talons, I drove the point of that sword into its foul, black heart. The demon bellowed and flailed as the killing blow struck, knocking the chandelier, causing candles to fall everywhere. \"NOO!\" yelled Kilnor, but I knew we had to get out of there... The demon's carcass burst into flames that could not be stopped and the fire was spreading. How fitting that this terrible place would be purged with hellfire. I grabbed Kilnor and beckoned to Beth to follow. Smoke was billowing from the Red Room as we left through the front door. We sped over to the copse where Lilly, Ralph and Lady Brewster all waited and I dumped Kilnor onto the ground. Lilly and Ralph stared wide eyed, but Lady Brewster gave a nod of satisfaction. \"The Master... defeated... what does it mean...?\" he gibbered. \"It means you can work it out for yourself, in jail,\" I growled. I conjured a mobile phone out of thin air and handed it to Lady Danvers to make a call to the police. Soon the House of Drumer would be beyond rescue. But there was one matter that was troubling me... \"Ralph... do you think I'm beautiful...?\" I pulled at the huge, green mask and it shrivelled in my grasp, becoming wood once more. With a gasp I pulled it from my face and stood there panting. I was back in the clothes I had worn the previous day, with those awkward heels. My blond hair was all dishevelled and I felt as exhausted as if I had just run a marathon. \"She-Mask... you really are beautiful,\" said Ralph. I blushed. I felt awkward for how I had flirted with him. \"A succubus... she'll steal your children...\" grated Kilnor. The webbing was still there, binding him fast. \"Oh quieten down, you dreadful man,\" said Lady Brewster. \"This girl is a heroine.\" \"Listen Ralph, I only put on the Mask tonight because there was no other option. I don't want to do it again. I think we should all be friends, but not super-heroines or sidekicks or anything like that...\" As She-Mask I knew I had a weakness for teenaged partners and was resolute that I would not indulge it. \"The curse of Drumer is broken!\" said Beth, \"now I leave this Earthly plane. Remember me, always...\" she glowed with a beautiful blue light and dissolved into a shining sphere which flew upwards to the sky. I felt a painful mixture of joy and sadness as I witness her ascension and was aware of tears sliding down my face. Ralph and Lilly comforted me, but I did not initiate this group hug. Eventually the police arrived to lead Kilnor away. He ranted about how I was an infernal succubus, but they assumed he was delusional. Lady Brewster rewarded me richly for rescuing her and as you can see, Lottie and I are much better off than we were. Thus ended She-Mask's second story.[Chapter 7] Night of the Spirit Stalker So this was it. Jack was taking his daughter back home... for the first time ever. Her auburn hair rippled and bounced as she trotted along beside him, chatting constantly. He lived on a council estate where every building had been designed as social housing, although the one bedroom flats in the block he lived in were now all privately owned. He lived right at the top. \"These stairs are steep,\" he commented as Lottie went ahead of him, her bright hair glinting in the dim electric lighting of the stairwell. \"Good for keeping fit,\" she agreed. Lottie beamed as she glanced around the small flat. \"Well isn't this nice and tidy?\" The floors were indeed all clear and the starlight lamp on the ceiling of the main room lit everything with the faintest silvery glow ... Jack had wondered if the lady who previously owned the flat had been ugly and kept the lighting dim for when she brought home a date. Jack wasn't sure how to tell her that his mother had visited recently and had demanded that everything be spotless beforehand. \"Listen, I can sleep on the couch tonight and I've got some pink sheets from Primark for the bed. There isn't a lot to do in the flat unless you like reading or surfing the net. I don't keep a TV.\" \"Who needs TV? We have our art. I've been dreaming about when I would get to show my dad my art. Art is in my blood. Supernatural art is in my blood.\" Well yes. Knowing who her mother was, Jack had to agree. Lottie opened her case and removed a carved wooden mask. Jack peered at it, but it was not the Mask. \"I was trying to recreate it, but no success yet. Don't I have the right to be able to turn my face green?\" Lottie stroked her long red hair pensively. Jack wasn't entirely sure how to respond. Lottie laid her hand on his arm gently, as she did now when she wanted to reassure him. \"It's part of finding myself, dad. You are my father, but is my mother Mum, or the She-Mask? Mum gave birth to me, but She-Mask conceived me.\" \"I wish I could answer,\" said Jack. He had been an outsider for his daughter's whole life. But they would live together and he would grow to understand her. He noticed that her suitcases also contained sketches. \"I'm glad to see Nicole's been teaching you her art – she shouldn't stint on that,\" he said, glad to change the subject. \"Like them?\" Lottie picked up one of the sketches. It was a remarkably detailed and 3D looking depiction of an ugly marionette with wide eyes. The marionette depicted had been carved to resemble a young character – a mere boy. \"This is pirate Pugsley.\" Lottie stroked her cheek pensively as Jack himself tended to do when deep in thought. \"This all requires some explanation. When I was little I watched a puppet show called Pirate Place about a little girl named Jenny who went to the shore and was friends with pirates – especially the cowardly pirate Pugsley.\" \"So he was a buffoon of a pirate, like Captain Pugwash?\" suggested Jack. \"Yes, but the show was creepy… Pugsley's ship, the Laughing Clown, had a huge clown face and it would tell Pugsley in a weird booming voice \"you have to go inside ,\" like when he was too afraid to go into a cave to find treasure.\" Lottie tried to make her voice sound gruff when mimicking this ship, but girls are never very good at that. \"Hmm. Odd.\" \"And then it took a really dark turn. The villain in the first episode had been another puppet called Billy the Baddie, but in the second episode he conjured up a demon called \"the Spirit Stalker.\" The Spirit Stalker marionette was a skeleton with huge glassy eyes which stared straight at the camera and threatened to summon other followers of Hellfire and in his grinding voice he chanted: \"down in the cove where no one can ever reach, they'll find your remains scattered on the beach.\" At that point Mum came and asked why I was watching static. She couldn't see anything on the screen. She got agitated when I tried to tell her what was on the screen. She unplugged the TV and wouldn't allow one in the house anymore. She was white as a sheet and trembling.\" \"It sounds like something supernatural,\" said Jack, \"I wonder why only you could see it. Perhaps you have She-Mask vision.\" \"Perhaps,\" said Lottie with a small smile. She held up the sketch. \"And this is Pugsley as I knew him. Puppet or weird vision, whichever he really was.\" That evening they went for fish and chips at the chip shop across the road – Jack couldn't actually cook. As they ate, Jack's computer, which remained switched on, began to make a weird buzzing noise. Lottie looked up startled and brushed her hair away from her face, gazing at the screen. \"Would you believe it? It's Pugsley!\" Jack looked at the screen, but saw nothing apart from the screensaver. Lottie started forwards and grabbed at the screen and Jack gave a start as she dragged a marionette clean from the machine! It was an ugly and dirty marionette and appeared to have been cobbled together from bits of broken dolls. \"Lottie old pal,\" it squeaked in a grating, high pitched voice, \"so good to see you again and to see the woman you've become. But I'm very afraid…\" \"What's new, Pugsley?\" Giggled Lottie, \"so good you haven't changed.\" It was just as well that Jack had had an intimate encounter with the supernatural before. Seeing Pugsley didn't startle him in the least. \"Meet my dad, Pugsley,\" said Lottie, beaming and gesturing towards Jack. \"Good to see you, sir,\" said Pugsley, doing a funny little curtsey, \"but we are all in the gravest danger; the Spirit Stalker has arisen and brought other minions of Hellfire with him.\" \"What?\" Lottie turned pale. \"I have tried to communicate with you before, Lottie. You can get your mother to save us.\" The Spirit Stalker had indeed risen that night. In a dark sub basement on the estate, ghostly glowing bones materialised, hurtling themselves together to form the a skeleton with terrible ghostly eyes. \"Arisssse Disciplesss of Hellfire!\" From the shadows, they materialised. \"Dissccciple Fear…\" hissed the Spirit Stalker. The shadows around coalesced to form the outline of a man dressed in black armour with a long black cape. \"Dissciple Fire…\" infernal flames erupted in the dark stone chamber, forming the outline of a skeleton that burned with ethereal flame and wielded a red hot trident. \"Dissciple Mortissss…\" More bones hurtled together, these ones the sickly grey hue of decay, to form a giant rat skeleton. \"Tonight we rissssse,\" hissed the Spirit Stalker. \"We rissssssse… to bring about the end of all things mortal.\" In one of the communal areas a party to celebrate the blocks anniversary was taking place. It was a lukewarm affair thus far. Brenda, the unofficial head of the block was trying to encourage the other attendees to make an effort. But then the door was flung open. \"A gatecrasher?\" she wondered aloud. But there was a glowing skeleton silhouetted in the doorway. \"Greetingssssss,\" hissed the Spirit Stalker. \"Your crime isss life… the ssentenccce iss death!\" At that he reached out for Brenda and his ghostly claws seemed to phase through her. She gave a little cry and then her eyes rolled upwards as her heart stopped and she slid limply to the ground. \"Run!\" screamed a resident. \"You cannot run, mortal,\" hissed Mortis, appearing beside him. The grotesque rat skeleton tore into him with filthy talons and his body rotted and putrefied there and then, the eyeballs shrivelling, the flesh desiccating around the skull in mere moments. The crowd of party goers rushed for the door, but as they stampeded out, a skeleton blazing with ethereal fire appeared wielding a trident. \"You cannot run mortalsss… you cannot hide!\" he hissed and pointing his trident at the oncoming masses, shot balls of burning flame at them. \"There was a straggler left behind who was not incinerated. He lolled against the wall, so inebriated he could barely stand. \"Thissh party's going with a bang. Isn't that right?\" He turned to the man beside him, a shadowy figure all in black armour with a black helmet complete with visor. The armoured figure gripped his shoulders. \"Gazzze into the facce of Fear!\" he hissed and his visor swung open. What the drunk saw when the visor swung aside caused his eyes to bulge and his mouth to open in a silent scream that never came… The fright was too much for him and his heart stopped. Back in the flat, Lottie picked up the phone and dialled for Nicole. \"Come on, pick up…\" her voice trembled. \"Mum…\" \"Lottie, darling, are you alright? Where are you?\" Nicole could hear in her daughter's tone that something was wrong. \"In the flat with Jack. You should get around here right away. We've reason to believe we've been visited by more strange minions of Hellfire. And you have dealt with their kind before.\" Before she received this call, Nicole had been reflecting on how Lottie now wanted to live with Jack. She didn't blame Lottie – she was the one at fault… but it was hard to receive such blame from her red headed angel. The one she loved most. A blessing to balance the curse of her having been a succubus. And yet she had wronged her sweet Lottie, never letting her know her father. Not to mention she had wronged Jack as well. Her lips quivered and tears shone in her eyes. And then she received the call from Lottie – Devil Worshippers had invaded Jack's estate and her Lottie was there! Nicole's blood ran cold, the sour taste of fear in her mouth. \"Don't move! I'm coming right away.\" So it had come to this. In a turmoil of anxiety, her heart fluttering, Nicole took out the Mask. If there were more Devil-Worshippers then there was nothing she could do, but plenty She-Mask could do. There was no help for it. She hastily unlocked the drawer in which the mask lay, fumbling with the keys in a state of near panic and almost dropping them. She picked up the mask and gazed for a split second at the inside of it which appeared to shimmer with opalescent lights of its own. Her heart beat even faster. \"Goodbye,\" she murmured, glancing at her pale reflexion in the mirror and jammed the Mask on her face. A terrible jolt shocked through her entire body and she felt herself spinning harder and faster until she was sick. The Mask was squeezing her head hard, so hard. It had been painful when she was young and now it was a real strain, the pain and the spinning. But then she felt another jolt and energy coursed through her anew. She had not felt so much energy since her youth. Once again anything was possible, why shouldn't it be? Her inhibitions seemed to melt away. She spun faster and faster and then skidded to a halt. \"Why hellooo…\" she purred, grinning at the mirror. Her face whole head was once again smooth, round, bright green and completely bald. Her face was concealed by a very thick layer of green rubber. She was now clad in tight fitting leather armour that showed off all her curves – just as curvy as she had been when she put on the Mask as a mere girl. But there was no time to be lost. Her darling Lottie was in danger. Those foolish Devil-Worshippers never learned not to bring down the wrath of the She-Mask on themselves. Nicole swirled into her whirlwind form and tore across the city, to the estate on the outskirts of London where Jack was, up the stairs and then into the apartment. Jack and Lottie gave a gasp as she burst into the flat. Jack was older now and he had a few grey hairs, but his face looked as strong and handsome as before, even though his skin was not so lustrous as when he was a boy. But she must remember what she was there for. Lottie came towards her, eyes wide. \"Mum?\" \"You can recognise her?\" Said Jack in a tone of surprise. \"Of course, I'd recognise my own mother's eyes.\" Nicole felt an upsurge of affection for her daughter. She-Mask was always spontaneous. She flung her arms around Lottie and hugged and kissed her. \"Mummy's here, everything's safe now.\" She breathed. Then she grinned over Lottie's shoulder at Jack. \"Hey there, hot stuff, it's been too long since we \"met.\"\" Lottie gripped her mother's shoulders, gazing into her eyes. \"Listen, Mum, remember that time when I was little and told you I watched a show called Pirate Place and you said it was just static on the screen… well one of the characters was trying to warn me… him, on the floor!\" There was an ugly marionette on the floor. What a kitschy thing, made from broken dolls. Nicole had to tut tut at such bad artistry. With her heightened senses, she could feel a ghostly aura around it. It twitched and stood. \"Hullo there, little spook,\" she said subjecting it to her intense gaze, \"did you bring the warning.\" \"Yes, Mistress of the Night. The Spirit Stalker is here and he has brought his three vile lieutenants. They are very close now. Argh! One is here.\" \"Greetingssssssss\"…. That bloodcurdling hiss was a huge man in black armour with a swirling black cape who had appeared in the doorway, his shadow looming over them. \"I am Dissciple Fear… you mussst all die.\"[Chapter 8] The Night of the She-Mask Nicole could sense the fiend's intent. Evil radiated from him very strongly. This was the ghost of an evil-doer who had hated others so much in life that he had found a way to come back in order to re-enact his crimes as a ghost. The undead form he wore was held together by the strength of the spirit's will. And a terrible power emanated from him – probably granted to him by a diabolical force. The ability to instill mortal fear at a glance. Nicole snapped her fingers and in obedience to her will, blindfolds appeared out of thin air, wrapping themselves around Jack and Lottie's eyes. Fear's visor swung open. \"Gazzzze into the faccccce of Fear, foul succubussssss.\" For a split second Nicole stood transfixed at the vision of evil beneath the visor. The gaze of Fear would have overwhelmed any ordinary woman… but She-Mask was no ordinary woman. She shook off the spell. \"Gaze into the fist of She-Mask, foul spook!\" A metal gauntlet appeared on her right hand and she swung it into Fear's helmet with such terrific force, that she punched clean through the metal. The fiend staggered back. Nicole conjured a flamethrower out of thin air and carefully directing the stream of flame with her will power, doused the terrible figure in black armour, willing a force-field around his undead form so that it compressed and fell to ashes as the flames went out. A dark shadow arose from the charred remains of Fear. The evil spirit could not be so easily destroyed as his physical form. The spirit form of Fear glided out of the doorway, frantically communicating to his comrades: \"There is a witch of the night here… the vile harridan issss too powerful…\" \"Stay here, my lovelies, and you too little spook, do not follow me – I will face the other horrors!\" Nicole ordered them. \"Don't worry, I'm not going after them, the other three are so much stronger than Fear was!\" Squeaked Pugsley, diving under the table. \"Wait, Mum, it's too dangerous!\" wailed Lottie starting forward, but Jack restrained her, a hand on each shoulder. With a whoosh, Nicole swirled into a whirlwind and pursued the evil spirit across the estate, following the trail of his vile, twisted thoughts that hung in the air like a putrid stench. \"Mum, don't go, I need you – I love you too much…!\" Lottie's anxious calling after her was balm to Nicole's soul. Meanwhile a neighbourhood watch had gathered on the estate's central lawn in response to the arrival of the evil spirits. Mike, one of Jack's neighbours who had been a brigadier, called together the other ex-military personnel – a small group of elderly men who knew how to use guns and issued them with fire arms. Then he stood and boomed in his stentorian voice for the remaining three Dark Disciples to come out of the smouldering ruin of the party hall. \"Surrender and no one need be hurt!\" Called Mike. \"What fun would that be, ssssssoldier?\" Hissed the Spirit Stalker as he emerged into the night, a glowing skeleton, flanked by the burning bones of Disciple Fire on his right and the livid grey rodent skeleton of Mortis on his left. The soldiers murmured in terror at the horrifying sight of the spectral skeletons. \"Demons… evil spirits…\" Fire lifted a trident and directed a stream of fire at Mike, incinerating him. The old soldiers fired at the terrible trio of skeletons. The Spirit Stalker plucked a bullet from the air. \"That issssss my kind of greeting gift. Sssssomething deadly. But it'sssss not deadly enough!\" The skeletons advanced towards the old men, who fired again, but their bullets had no effect. Fire and Mortis both caused the ground to wither beneath their clawed feet. \"The crime isssss life,\" hissed the Spirit Stalker, snatching the gun from one of the soldiers, \"the ssssentencce iss death!\" \"Oh no you don't!\" growled a husky female voice, as a sparkling green whirlwind shot up to the lawn, careening into the Spirit Stalker and sending him staggering back. Nicole ground to a halt, standing between the men and the skeletons, spreading out her arms protectively. \"Are you help, miss?\" asked one of them. \"Call me She-Mask. I have beaten their kind before.\" \"A sssuccubuss?\" Hissed the Spirit Stalker. \"Nothing that can withssstand hellfire!\" hissed Fire and sent a stream of ethereal flames at Nicole. But it had no effect, for she had transformed herself into a brilliantly white fireproof crystal, just as she had when fighting the demon in the house of hell all those years ago. \"I bet you're nothing that could withstand concrete!\" Nicole raised her shining arms and a barrage of concrete blocks rained down on Fire. Nicole pointed at Mortis and the Spirit Stalker and bolts of blue lighting flashed from her crystalline arms and struck them, sending them reeling back causing rents in their skeletal frames. \"The witch can hurt ussss. We cannot win, we mussst flee, until another time,\" hissed the Spirit Stalker as Fire, with difficulty unearthed himself from the concrete. The Spirit Stalker drew a circle in the air and a dark hole appeared. The spirit of Fear arrived and wrapped itself around him. \" Take meeee…. \" The skeletons leapt through the portal to their own realm, but Nicole knew that she couldn't let them go free or they could return and strike back at any time. She had to finish it now. Quick as lightning she dived through the hole after them. The world Nicole arrived in was like a scene from a nightmare. A dark stormy sky, an endless stony beach with rocky cliffs and the constant crashing of the sea… and the whole shore strewn with bones and skulls. It would have been overwhelming to her before she put on the Mask. And even now she felt trepidation. How much stronger would her enemies be on their own turf? With a rising sense of horror she felt the psychic echoes of the dead on the beaches. Victims of the evil spirits now calling to her… \"we didn't deserve to die… help us Nicole… \" So many of them. It was upsetting. \"Tell me, what can I do?\" she asked, her husky She-Mask voice uncharacteristically distressed. \"Down in the cove where no one ever goessss… we'll grind your skin and make it into clothesss!\" The hiss was Disciple Mortis. The Spirit Stalker loomed into sight, once more with Fire at his right and Mortis at his left and the foul spirit of Fear hovered about him. \"Are you ssso reckless, witch?\" hissed the Spirit Stalker. \"Thisss isss our own realm. Here we can crush your mind…\" Nicole reeled as four blasts of pure malevolence struck her. She reverted to her usual She-Mask form, but now she was overwhelmed. In this weird netherworld the foul foursome were so much stronger! \" Afraid now ?\" hissed Fear. \" We can ssssquezzzzzzzzze your ssoul until it bleeds .\" Nicole felt as though her mind was trapped within a vice. She fell to her knees as she felt her consciousness beset by their evil clamouring. She tried to think of Lottie, who she loved most of all, concentrating on her daughter's porcelain white face and felt a warm glow of love and her head began to clear. The shades on the beach called to her more strongly as she clutched at the shore strewn with their bones and suddenly she knew what to do. She let their energy flow through her. Their voices now found an outlet, channeling through She-Mask. She looked up, her eyes burning with the fire of countless souls now given a voice through her! \" Let the four fiends be judged! \" The Spirit Stalker's jaw dropped and his glassy eyes swiveled about in dismay as the myriad voices beset him. \" The crime was murder! The sentence is death! \" \"Death!\" The Spirit Stalker's glassy eyes swiveled upwards as he roared and staggered at the force of ten thousand spirits blasting him with psychic bolts. Fire's flames flickered and went out. Mortis trembled, his rodent bones clattering. The spirit of Fear writhed… And then as all four evil spirits were extinguished the undead forms of Fire, Mortis and the Spirit Stalker all crumbled. The spirits flowing through Nicole spoke to her. \" Thank you for avenging us. We can now rest in peace. We are sorry for what the strain meant. \" Nicole stood up. \"Sorry dears, I don't follow.\" \"The Mask that empowers you… channeling all that psychic force fused it to your face. You can never take it off.\" Nicole touched her bright green face. \"Ah well, I'm a bit green in the cheeks. But I won't lose sight of what's important. I'm glad I realised it. I have my family to go back to.\" \"Then go, before the portal closes. Be safe and happy. Our blessings be upon you.\" Nicole felt uplifted and full of good cheer as the spirits all blessed her and with renewed vigor, she dived back through the portal and onto the grassy lawn on the estate. The residents all exclaimed in wonder as she emerged and did a somersault, landing on her feet. The portal closed behind her. \"I've won, darlings!\" She called. \"Three cheers for the She-Mask!\" exclaimed one of the soldiers. As they cheered her, Nicole beamed, her toothy grin splitting her bright green face. At this moment of triumph, the fact that she would always be masked and could never get her old face back did not worry her. ","Summary":" Generations The sky was leaden and overcast as Jack waited for the bus that evening. A group of gir"},{"Movie":"Flushed Away","Title":"Christmas is Better Spent with Someone You Love","Author":"Dana Kathrine Scully","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/3828207","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A pampered rat met a beautiful sewer rat one fateful day…. \" Inhave got, to get home….\" She took him home. But fell in love with him on the way… \" Roddy!\" He fell in love with her on the way also… \" Rita!\" Their friendship turned into something platonic… \" You wouldn'tnhappen to need a first mate, would you?\" But at the same time, their feelings brought them danger… \" Goodbye,nrat!\" And to their horror, they had to overcome it themselves. \" Wenneed to get downstairs and pull out that cable!\" That had happened years ago. Where are the young rats now? \" Christmastime,nIs here…\" It'snChristmas. \"Happiness,nand Cheer…\" Arenthey still in love? \"Funnfor all, the children call,\" Findnout… \" Theirnfavorite time, of the year.\" AtnChristmas time. FlushednAway: The sequel ThenChristmas Season Comingnto the screen you are currently staring at soon.[Chapter 2] Ok, I'll give in. You've all been begging me to update, but the good part won't come until Christmas, ok? Do we have a deal? Here goes: ------------------------------------------- Carols echoed through the streets of Piccadilly. Snow drifted in from up top through unused manholes. Human sized Christmas lights hung from the rooftops and shops. Branches from artificial Christmas trees were sold in little lots. Rats were scurrying about, buying gifts for their loved ones. Rats had little carts to put their bags in. A female rat walked these streets, bundled up in a Union Jack print coat and gloves, holding a male rat's hand, who was wearing a black coat. Rita Malone and Roddy St. James walked the main branch of the Piccadilly Shopping Complex. Rita was smiling at all the adorable sights, like a young, four year old rat sitting on Father Christmas' lap. She imagined her future children sitting on his lap, quoting what he or she desired for the holiday. Rita looked inside another shop, a toy shop, and saw a few children with their mothers, showing them what was on their Christmas lists. Roddy St. James watched Rita as she obseved these sights with a smile on her beautiful face. He was holding her hand, and put an arm around her shoulders and pulled her close. She snuggled up to him and sighed in contentment. They had been together ever since the incident with the Toad, and the couple was always closest during Christmas. Rita stayed close to him all the way to the parking lot, where they fought to find their way to their boat, the Jammy Dodger Mark II. The docks were crowded with rats going to their boats or leaving to shop. Rita and Roddy finally made their way to the parking space and get on. The new Jammy Dodger had a decent and readable dashboard, a better joystick for the crane, and an actual steering wheel, not a faucet handle. This made steering a whole lot easier. Rita started up the engine and carefully steered out of the space. Parking was tight, and the Dodger was a rather large boat, if someone compared it to other scavenging boats. Rita got the entire boat backed out and into the lane in about five minutes, and was now stuck in traffic to get out. She sighed in contempt. She despised traffic jams. She wasn't good at patience, so this was gonna be a problem if they were stuck for more than twenty minutes. By then Rita would be fed up enough to try and weave through the the boats. They managed to get out of the traffic and took a back route. It wasn't near as quick, but there were only a few boats on this stretch. Rita sped along the waterway until the Little Soho drive came into view. Her family had bought a new house, and it was on ground, not a houseboat. Rita was grateful it was attached to something solid. No more restless nights from being seasick, the family could all have seperate dishes, and Fergus could skate around as much as he wanted without effecting the house. He broke a board every now and again, but that was fixable. There were plenty of boards in Piccadilly. Rita sided up to a dock close to the Malone house and tied the Dodger to a post. She double knotted the knot and walked across the plasa to the house her family had bought. It was a bit run down, but Rita's father was fixing it up. He was suspended on a little platform, working on the siding. Rita called up tp him. \"Oi! Dad! Is Mum back?\" she yelled. \"Nope! She's still shopping, I think. She might have gone over to Geraldines' house to wrap things. You know mum, everything must be done before the time comes!\" her father yelled back. \"Oi, I could use some help with this, ya know, Rita. I'm not gonna ask Roddy because I know he's afraid of heights!\" Rita laughed and agreed. She and Roddy walked inside the house. Rita changed into a thicker coat and walked up the stairs to climb out the window and help her dad. -------------------------------------- THE NEXT DAY \"Wake up, Rita! Wake up Rita! Wake up, Rita! Wake up, R-\" Rita's alarm clock screeched. Rita was sebmerged in her blankets and reached out a hand and smacked her clock. She curled up back under her blankets. A few minutes later it screeched again. She smacked it. About 20 minutes later something spoke gently in her ear, in the direction of the alarm clock. She instinctively reached out a hand and went to slam her hand on the snooze button, but instead slammed into someone's snout. \"Ow! What was that for?\" Roddy whined. Rita shot up from under the covers. She looked at Roddy, who was rubbing the end of his snout with a grimace on his face. Rita covered her mouth with a hand as she apologised. \"Roddy, I'm sorry! I thought you were my alarm clock!\" she said. As if on cue, the alarm clock went off. \"Wake up, Rita! Wake up, Rita! Wake up, Rita! Wake-\" it squawked as Rita picked it up and turned it off. Roddy nodded with a smile. \"That explains the hit, but wow, I should've known you packed a punch before this. After all, you did punch me after I proved that the first ruby was fake.\" A smile spread across his face. \"I try to do someone a favor and-OW!\" Rita caught on. \"Favor?! That jewel, was from Queen Elizebeth's crown! It fell down the drains from Buckingham Palace!\" Rita threw pillows at him while they remembered the moment. \"Well, maybe the queen wears fake jewelry!\" \"Keep still!\" \"Can we just talk about this?\" \"Real or not, that ruby was gonna CHANGE, MY LIFE!!!\" Rita and Roddy engaged in a pillow fight, both on their pajamas. Rita smacked Roddy and He smacked her back. They were having a load of fun. Rita was wearing a tight yellow shirt which read 'Dream' and lowrise blue pajama pants. She had slipped a pair of black slippers on and was now doubled over laughing. ROddy was wearing a pair of black pajama pants and a loose blue T-shirt which read 'I come with my own background music' on the front and 'I do all my own stunts' on the back, with a stick figure slipping and falling. He was also doubled over in laughter. Rita dropped to her knees as she laughed, and Roddy fell backwards. They both regulated their breathing after about ten minutes and got up, still laughing a bit. Rita's hair was messy, and Roddy's looked like a wheatfield before harvest-messy and unorganised. They both looked bad. It was all funny though. Rita got up and grabbed the hairbrush she had salvaged and began brushing her hair. She tossed Roddy another brush she had salvaged for him and he brushed the mess out. Rita's hair shone as she put it on the generic ponytail. She alked over to her closet and chose her Union Jack jeans and a red T-shirt. Roddy went to get dressed, and Rita gathered all her shower stuff and went into her bathroom. Rita got out of the shower and dried her hair, brushed it, and put it back in the ponytail. She slipped into the jeans and fastened the Master Cable belt around her waist. She put the T-shirt on and grabbed her white sweater. Rita bounced downstairs and into the living room, were all the boys were watching Mythbusters. Rita loved the show. She sat down on the couch between Shockey and Shamus. Shockey gave his sister the regular good morning hug he always did. He was the one who was a suckup to his big sister. The others just respected her. Rita decided to get off her butt and have breakfast. She opened the pantry door and grabbed a box of cereal. She poured a bit into a bowl and put the box back. Rita then went to the fridge and grabbed the milk and poured some in. She put it back and opened a drawer and got a spoon, then sat down and ate her breakfast. Roddy walked down in a pair of jeans with Union Jack peeking out ofthe pockets. He had allowed Rita to put a touch of Union Jack on all his clothes, and she put the patches in all the right places. Like on the pockets, along the zippers of jackets, and etc. He was wearing a black Aero shirt he had salvaged himself. He had the same breakfast Rita had, and after they both finished they slipped their boots, coats, gloves and hats on and walked out the door to finish shopping for the holiday.[Chapter 3] Chapter 3 Rita ached as her mumnreorganised the plates of Christmas candy and baked stuff for thenbillionth time. Does she EVER get tired ofnthis? Rita wondered. She got caught inntraffic, AGAIN, and up ahead she saw smoke and steam and assumednthere was a wreck up ahead. A bad one judging from the smoke colornand the size of the column. \"I certainly hope nonone was hurt,\" Mrs. Malone said worriedly. Rita knew shenwouldn't be able to weave through this traffic anytime soon, sonwalked away from the wheel and sat down, fatigue from the hours ofncaroling and delivering Christmas treats overtaking her. After shensat for a few minutes she decided to go below deck and crash on thensponge down there. She opened the door andnwalked down, telling her mum to call her if traffic got moving again.nAfter calling over her shoulder, Rita saw a few of her siblingsnsacked out on the floor, curled up on soft bits of cloth ornhuman-sized washrags. Rita smiled and moved Liam so that he looked anbit more comfortable and turned to the sponge. Roddy was asleep onnit. Another reason to pull out the othernsponge, She thought. She went to the closetnand opened a cupboard, almost barfing when the smell drifted out. Thensponge was dotted with bits of blue and green. Mold. Intold him to try and dry it out! That Roddy... Ritanfelt frustration engulf her. She clenched her fists to vent out hernanger. She put a hand on her forehead and sighed. It'snjust his nature. It's just something he's not used to. Rita, just getnover it. Get over it. Rita turned back to thenoccupied sponge and looked at her first mate. He was kind of pressednup against the wall, slightly snoring. Rita decided to just lay downnnext to him as long as he didn't touch her. She stealthily went overnand laid down on the edge of the eponge, inching bit by bit farthernonto the sponge. Her boot bumped his knee, and he twitched. He's got good reflexes, Rita minded. She pulled her boot away fromnhim and put a hand under her head to prop it up a bit. her handnbumped Roddy in the chest and she winced. Not fast enough. Henreflexed and his arms ended up around her waist. Rita was quitennervous and uncomfortable, but it wore off. Rita carefully rolled outnfrom his arms and found a blanket and a cloth, where she set up ansmall bed and slept on the floor. About an hour and a halfnlater, Mrs. Malone saw traffic clearing up. Firefighters, emergencynmedical technicians, policemen, the whole bit were milling around thencrash site. \"Rita! Traffic'snmoving-\" Mrs. Malone stopped and her moth gaped when she saw thenboat. It looked extremely familiar. Mr. Malone's boat! \"Oh,nno...\" Mrs. Malone whispered. An EMT pushed an ambulance bedninto the back of the ambulance, and Mrs. Malone saw the body's facenbefore the EMTs zipped up the bodybag. \"Oh, Lord God dearest,nno!\" she almost yelled, going to the cockpit and steering thenboat to a parking space. She had Fergus drop the anchor and Mrs.nMalone took off running for the ambulance. \"Wait! Please!\"nshe yelled to an EMT. The woman turned around and walked to Mrs.nMalone. \"Who are you?\" \"I think that's mynhusband!\" Herriet Malone said breathlessly. \"So you want to IDnthe body?\" \"Um, yes.\" \"Uh, Mrs...?\" \"Malone.\" \"Alright. Come thisnway please,\" the EMT walked back to the ambulance and opened thendoors, pulling out the bed and bodybag. \"You ready?\" thenwoman asked. Herriet nodded hesitantly. The EMT slowly unzipped thenbag, only to reveal a face Herriet missed already. Mr. Malone. \"How badly was henhurt?\" Harriet choked. \"Well, Ma'am, hendidn't suffer. He broke three ribs, had major head trauma, bloodnloss...are you sure you want to hear this?\" \"No, please, don't goninto detail. I'm just glad he didn't go through any pain.\" \"Mum?\" Ritancalled as she sprinted towards her mum. She slowed to a dead halt.n\"Is that Dad?\" she asked, tears filling her eyes. Shenslowly walked toward the bodybag, turning away when she saw his face,nswollen and black. \"Oh no,\" she whispered as she hid hernface in her mum's shoulder. \"Dad...\" she cried, her voicenmuffled by her mother's long coat. Roddy ran up and saw Rita'snfather, turning away at the sight. Rita went to him and held himntight, him doing the same for her. Rita cried, trying desperately toncalm herself down. She couldn't. She couldn't even walk she was sontroubled. Herriet authorised an autopsy on her husband and told Roddynto take Rita and the kids home. Roddy nodded and picked Rita up,nhooking an arm under her knees. She leaned her head on his shoulder,nsighing while tears still streamed down her face. Roddy got to thenboat and took her below deck and sat her on the sponge, taking a softnblanket and tucking it around her shoulders. \"We'll be home in anfew minutes, Rita.\" Roddy assured her as he walked back up tondeck. \"Raise the anchor, Fergus.\" he asked the boy, andnFergus pulled up the anchor effortlessly. \"Roddy?\" henasked. \"Yes, Fergus?\" \"What was wrong withnRita?\" Roddy cringed. Should hentell him or let Herriet tell him? \"Well, your mum will tell younand your siblings when she gets home.\"[Chapter 4] BREAK AWAY nnnChapter 4--Trauma Have I provided enough suspensenand/or confusion for you guys? I hope so. Just to clear things up…. RITA'S DAD IS DEAD! OKAY?!n–composes herself- okay. On with Chapter four… Rita sat below deck of the Jammy Dodger. It felt sonweird knowing that it was moving, yet she wasn't driving it. It couldn't be true. It had to benall a bad dream. It HAD to be! Her dad wasn't dead. He was innperfect shape at home. But it is true. Allntoo true… Rita told herself as she sat onnthe corner of the sponge closest to the wall. She felt like cryingnherself to sleep, but two things prevented her from doing so. One,nher siblings would hear her crying and would freak out because shennever cries, two, whenever she closed her eyes she saw her father'snswollen face. It was a horrible episode just closing her eyes. 'Christmas shouldn't be likenthis,' Rita thought. 'Christmas is a time of cheer and familynbonding, not emotional turmoil. Sure, the suicide rates go off thencharts around Christmas, but still! The Malone family is a close knitnone. This is not happening!' Rita gave in. The emotional conflictnwithin her was too much. She buried her face in the sponge andnsobbed. No matter how hard she tried to console herself, she couldn'tnstop the tears from flowing or her shoulders from heaving. She feltnthe boat side up to a dock and assumed they were home. She stillndidn't stop crying. She couldn't help it. She heard the hatchnopen and a shaft of light shone on her. Roddy's voice, rich and smooth,noverwhelmed her senses. \"Wake up Shockey. Liam, We're home,\" hensaid, addressing each one with a gentle tone. Rita heard hisnfootsteps nearing her and his voice was close now. \"We're home, Ri. Can you walknnow?\" he asked her gently and sympathetically. Rita sat up, hangingnher head, hoping he wouldn't see the tearstains running down hernface. She replied in a weak voice, \"I think so.\" \"Are you okay?\" Roddy asked,nbecoming concerned. He lifted Rita's chin to look her in the eyes.nHer eyes shimmered with tears and she had dark sags under her eyes.nShe looked absolutely broken-hearted. \"Oh, Rita! It's alright…\"nRoddy sympathized, pulling her into an embrace. Rita leaned into hisnshoulder and cried. Not as hard as before, however. She could crynharder than anyone else she knew. If she cried as hard as she could,nshe could probably drench Roddy's shirt and then some. Rita had never really had a shouldernto cry on. It felt good to be comforted. She eventually calmed down,nwiping her tears on her shirt sleeve. \"Alright. I'm okay. I'll benfine…\" Rita decided, making her way up to the deck. She felt anbit wobbly as she walked onto the cement. She felt the beginnings ofna migraine coming on. Her eyes watered and her head spun. It mustnhave been from crying so hard. Roddy watched Rita walk toward hernhouse. Was she really alright? It didn't seem so. Trauma was anhorrible thing. He of all people should know. His life changed in anmatter of minutes, maybe seconds. Being flushed, meeting someone asnbrave and amazing as Rita, fighting the toad, AND falling in lovenwith her was almost too much for his rat senses. But what he thoughtnwas a total nightmare turned into something he never saw coming. Hencouldn't believe he had wanted to go home for about a day. ThenKensington apartment might have been nice and all, with infinite foodnand luxuries such as a bed and everything, but nothing could comparento what it was like in the sewer. Roddy followed Rita to the Malonenhouse. As he walked inside he removed his coat and hung it on a pegnin the foyer. Rita had done the same but it had fallen. Roddy pickednit up and hung it back on the peg. He heard the bathroom door opennand the medicine cabinet door snap. \"Dangit!\" He heard Rita hiss. Henwalked to the door and saw Rita prying the medicine cabinet doornopen. \"What do you need, Ri?\" Roddynasked, making Rita jump. \"Oh, god, Roddy…migrainenprevention pills. At least two. It's starting to make me dizzynalready. And you scaring me didn't help, either.\" Roddy helped Rita pry the cabinetnopen, then went up to his room. It wasn't much, but it wasnsomething. He opened his top drawer, where he kept his hairbrush,nwatch, extra alarm clock, his jacket, etc. He reached into the pocketnof his jacket and pulled out a small box. He opened it to reveal anbeautiful diamond ring. It had a total of seven diamonds embeddedninto the sterling silver band, which represented true love. He wasngoing to ask Rita to dinner that night, but with her dad dying, itnwent off the calendar. Roddy had it all planned out. He would takenher to her favorite restaurant, 'Seven Stars', where he would getna table out on the balcony. It was supposed to be a bit breezy, sonwhen it blew a bit and she got the chills, he would remove his dinnernjacket and drape it over her shoulders. After dinner they would walk thengardens, where they would stop at the bridge crossing the brook.nThere they would stand at the railing. Then Roddy would turn to Ritanand tell her that he had come to love her dearly and that he couldnsee himself spending the rest of his life with her. If Ritancooperated, she would get confused and ask him what he meant. ThennRoddy would kneel down and present the ring. With success, her handsnwould fly to her mouth. Hopefully she would say yes and let him putnthe ring on her finger. Then she would bury her face in hisnchest(hopefully not getting any makeup on his white shirt)andnwhisper, \"I never thought this would happen to me!\" Then shenwould pull away and their lips would meet… Roddy shook his head. He couldn'tnlet his daydreams get the best of him. A knock on the door sent him flying.nHe almost dropped the box, but got a grip on it and hid it in hisnjacket pocket again and slammed the dresser drawer shut. \"Roddy?\" Can I talk to you ansecond?\" Rita called through the door. Roddy walked to the door andnopened it. Rita stood in the doorway. \"Can I come in?\" Roddy stepped aside to let her in.nThe two looked each other in the eyes, Rita's watering up. She fellninto his arms and kissed him. Something odd clicked in both of them,nand they progressed toward the bed, both falling over onto it. Ritanunbuttoned Roddy's shirt and then Rita's shirt was on thenfloor….. I know, odd ending for chapter 4. ButnI kinda based it on Lost, where it showed a flashback on Boone andnShannon's past….Shannon walks in, tells Boone that she knows he'snalways loved her, then they kiss and fall onto Boone's bed…yeah.nHope this satisfies your longing for another chapter![Chapter 5] Here's Chapter 5 Here's Chapter 5! I know I left you all hanging on a thread with the last chapter, but I had to! I said SLASH, after all! Rita woke up the next day in a room that wasn't hers. There was someone next to her whom she loved dearly. Roddy. The two had fallen into bed with each other the night before and now Rita was confused. She sat up, hugging the blanket to her chest. She shivered. Nothing covered her back. Roddy woke up with the blanket being jerked from under his arm. \"Good morning. Sleep well?\" Rita lay back down and faced him. She kissed him tenderly. \"After we settled down at about midnight, I did.\" Rita smirked seductively. She kissed him again. \"Did we ever settle down?\" Roddy became serious. \"You know your mom's gonna kick me out if she finds out about this. I mean, I don't think you're what they consider a 'virgin' anymore.\" Rita's face fell. \"I'm not?\" she flopped over and stared at the ceiling. \"I'm not,\" she whispered guiltily. \"But I don't think your parents-- I mean, mum is gonna find out. I mean, she'd have to dig pretty dang deep to find out.\" Rita agreed. \"I guess you're right.\" Suddenly her eyes became wide. \"Roddy?\" \"Yeah? \"We weren't on protection.\" Roddy nodded. \"We weren't on protection.\" He was totally oblivious to what she was implying. Suddenly he understood. \"Oh. We weren't on protection!\" Both shuddered with horror. Rita would have to sneak to the drugstore and buy a package oof 'morning-after' pills. Otherwise she might find herself pregnant. That was the LAST thing she needed. Roddy got up and got dressed. Roddy got up and got dressed. \"Rita, I am SO sorry! I don't know what got into us, but I promise you, it won't happen again, I swear to you!\" Rita began dressing, her back to Roddy. \"I am too, Rodders! I knew something like this would happen to me. It happens to every couple I've met!\" They finished dressing at exactly the same moment and ran to the end of the bed and embraced each other. \"It won't happen ever again,\" they promised one another. \"Now come on, Rita. You need to go to the grugstore within the next 72 hours for the pill to work. Now go!\" Roddy urged Rita. Rita nodded and snuck into the hallway and out the front door. EEEEE! What happens? I was thoughtfulo enough to provide a quick answer to chapter 4, so be grateful!! -provides plate of cookies-[Chapter 6] Here's Chapter 5 YO!! Am I getting younwith suspense yet if I haven't already? I found a window to type sonI thought I'd bring you out of the dark with the two previousnchapters. Chapter 6 should be interesting. Rita had beennsuccessful in making it to the Dodger undetected. As she drove to thenmedical plaza about half a human mile away (which is about 2 1/2 fromnthe rat's perspective), she thought about what Roddy had said. Hisnwords buzzed around in her head like a swarm of angry bees. 'Your mum's gonnankick me out if she finds out about this.' Rita couldn't standnthe thought alone of Roddy not being in her life. Her previous yearsnhad been such a waste. But now her future years might be a waste, nownthat she was so full of guilt. \"I can't keep thisnsecret from Mum forever,\" she mumbled. Her mum would kill her ifnshe found her eldest daughter out. Rita thought back tonthe night before and grimaced. Why had that happened? Why her? Whynthen? Questions clouded everything. Rita managed to make itnto the drugstore. She walked in, the smell of coffee, candy, andnmusty old comic books pelting her as she walked forward. She walkednto the medical aisles and looked for the pills. She saw what theynshould have been using in boxes on the other side of the aisle. Shenfelt so guilty. She scanned the shelves for the pill. She found itnand stood in awe at the price. For a small bottle it was like, 10ndollars and then some. Rita hesitated, then thought about what wouldnhappen if she didn't buy them. Rita stopped hesitating and grabbednthem, then walked to the counter. She still didn't feel securenbuying them. Rita hid them in herncoat pocket until she got home. It didn't have a zipper, so she wasnabsolutely terrified that they were going to fall out while she wasngoing upstairs. Rita parked and tiednthe Dodger to the dock, quivering uncontrollably. She continued tonquiver all the way across the Little Soho plaza. She walked in andndarted upstairs. She jumped when Herriet called her. \"Rita? Where have younbeen?\" \"Last minutenshopping, Mum!\" Rita replied hastily, still continuing up thenstairs. \"Wait a second,nMarita Kaylynn! Get back here!\" \"Just a second! I'mngonna go to the bathroom!\" \"Make it quick!\" \"Okay!\" Rita rushed into hernroom and into her bathroom, slamming the door behind her. Her heartnalmost pounded through her chest, it was beating so hard. Rita readnthe bottle and saw that it said to take only one. She took two. She gulped them downnwithout water and gagged. 'Okay. Take these with water next time.nWAIT. There won't be a 'next time.'' Relief flooded hernsenses. No more worry. She walked out of the bathroom and tossed thenpills into her room, then decided to hide them in her drawer. \"Okay. Coming, Mum!\"nshe called. \"Rita, what was thenmatter? Are you okay?\" \"Yeah. I'm fine. Inwas about to throw up, was all.\" She hoped her mum couldn't seenit in her face the whopper she was telling. \"Did you eatnsomething bad?\" 'AAAAAAAUGH! ENOUGHnWITH THE FREAKING 20 QUESTIONS, MUM!!' Rita mentally screamed.n\"I guess. Well, last night I had a headache from crying over Dad.\" The thought of Dadncaused her to break down--again. 'Since when did myntear ducts become active?!' Rita seethed. 'Why can't I be likenother tomboys and never cry?!' \"Oh, Rita! Think ofnit this way. Dad's in better hands now.\" 'MUM. BACK. AWAY.'nRita thought. \"He's probablynlooking down on our lives, watching everything play out, good ornbad…and smiling. No pain.\" Rita felt like someonenhad shot her. '… looking downnon our lives, watching everything play out, good or bad…' Oh god. Then if thatnwas true, he knew what she had done. If Father Christmas was real,nshe wouldn't be getting a single, solitary thing for Christmas.[Chapter 7] Chapter 7 : The UnwantednGift Given BEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEP.nBEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEP. BEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEP. The alarm clock wouldn'tnshut up! So...once again Ritanslammed a fist onto the snooze bar. Five minutes later, shenrepeated as was neccesary. And again. And again. And again, for hours.nUntil Roddy was sent by Rita's mother to wake her. \"Rita?\" henwhispered, remembering to keep his nose a safe distance away from hernmemorably dangerous hands. \"C'mon, wake up. It's almost one.\" Rita sat up, yawned, andnrubbed her eyes. After she gained actual consciousness, her eyesnwidened. \"Please say it hasn't happened again.\" Roddy shook his head. \"No,nit didn't. You're in your own bed, as I was in my own.\" Rita rested her head innher hands. \"Thank god.\" She sighed, obviously relieved. Suddenly her head jerkednback up. \"Did you say it's almost one?\" she asked, throwingnback the sheets and heading for her closet. \"Yeah. Your mumnwanted to go and decide how your father's funeral is going to bendone. Flowers, casket, services, pallbearers, et cetera.\" Rita grabbed her greennshirt and a pair of blue jeans and went into her bathroom to change.n\"That's the last thing I want to do, the fact being that it'snalmost Christmas Day.\" \"I know, I know, andnit's the last thing I think you need to do, the fact being thatnyou've been through so much in the last 72 hours.\" \"Like what?\" \"The beginning ofnyour guilt trip, your father's death, your mother's...well, younknow, being too occupied to talk to you anymore, that sort of stuff.\" \"Uh, guilt trip?\" Roddy hung his head innembarrassment. \"Yeah. You know, a few nights ago? That thing,ntwo nights ago? Yeah?\" Rita felt her chestnshrinking with the guilt emitting from the thought of it. \"Yeah.nI remember. All too well, I'm afraid.\" Roddy nodded. Rita camenout fully dressed and sat down to put her boots on. \"What if mumnfinds out?\" \"there's no telling.nWe can't fight the consequences if she discovers it. We're probablynnot getting anything but a lump of coal from Father Christmas thisnyear. If that at all.\" A single tear fell fromnRita's eye and onto her jeans. \"Oh, come on, Rita,\"nRoddy said, standing up and sitting on the bed next to her. \"Therenalso is a chance that our secret will stay hidden. Everyone could dienwithout knowing. \"But Dad knowsnabout it,\" She thought. \"Incan't live with what I know he's ashamed of me for.\" Christmas came and went asnit does every year, but what happened A few weeks afterward wasn't angift Rita wanted to recieve. Dun dun dun Dun... ","Summary":" A pampered rat met a beautiful sewer rat one fateful day…. \" Inhave got, to get home….\" She took "},{"Movie":"The Mask","Title":"Gargantua and the mask","Author":"dec181985","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12060173","Passage":"[Chapter 1] After her adventures with the mask, Misty was still looking for it. Meanwhile on the space police's ship, Gargantua picked up and brought it to her face. Once it latched on, Gargantua's body started spinning around the whole cell and out of the ship. When the tornado stops, we find a new and improved Gargantua. Gargantua's hair was like Medusa's, her head was a bright green color. Her body was like a snake with snakes for fingers. As soon as the space police knew she was missing, they went looking for her. When Misty saw Gargantua, she looked scared. \"Now to get my revenge,\" Gargantua said. \"Please, don't kill me,\" Misty said. \"Okay, but you have to tell me who to kill,\" Gargantua said. \"My parents,\" Misty said, noticing she made a mistake. Gargantua headed to Misty's parents' house to destroy them. Misty went to her parents' house to warn them.[Chapter 2] When we return to Misty, we find her in front of her parents' house. She knocks on the door and her dad answers it. \"I thought we told you we didn't want to see you anymore,\" Joe said. \"I know, but there's a giant alien that's coming to kill you guys,\" Misty said. \"Misty, there's no such thing as aliens,\" Angie said. \"Your mother's right, now go away,\" Joe said. Right after saying that, Gargantua fired a laser at him and he disintegrated. Angie ran after Gargantua dodging every blast. When she was right in front of her, she jumped as high as she could and grabbed hold of the mask causing it to come off Gargantua's face. While she was falling, she jammed the mask right on her face causing her body to spin around in a tornado, knocking the house down. When the tornado stops, we find a new and improved Angie. Angie's hair was longer, and her head was a bright green color. She had on the same outfit as Snow White and was carrying a poison apple. She went to a mirror and looked at her reflection. \"Smokin'! It feels so good to be back,\" she said,excitedly. Then, shehanded Gargantua the apple. Gargantua handed it to one of the drones and the drone bit into it causing it to die. \"Try to trick me, will you? Drones get me that mask,\" Gargantua ordered. One of the drones stood in front of her while another stood in back of her. \"Mom, watch out,\" Misty said, but it was too late. The drone in back of her held her tight while the other pulled the mask off her. Soon after, Gargantua fired another laserat her causing her to disintegrate. The mask landed in a nearby pond and a female duck swam up to it. Once the duck saw the mask glow, she stuck her head inside and it latched oncausing it's body to spin around in a tornado, flying across the pond. Gargantua had a frightened look on her face. As she saw the duck spinning, Misty wonderedhow she was going to get the mask back.[Chapter 3] When we return to Misty and Mya, we see them watching as the duck was spinning around and around. Suddenly, the tornado stopped spinning. When the tornado stops, we find a new and improved duck. The duck's head was a bright green color. The duck was as giant as a dinosaur with a beak as long as a pterodactyl's. Then, Gargantua called out one of her drones. \"Fire at that thing,\" Gargantua ordered. Before the drone could fire, the duck picked it up and ate it. Gargantua fired at the duck, singeing it's wing. Then, Misty jumped in front of the duck. \"If you're so willing to die, let me help you,\" Gargantua said. Then, Mya grabbed the laser gun and smashed it against a rock. \"You fool, don't you know the danger you're in?\" Gargantua asked, getting angrier and angrier. \"I don't care, I'm not going to let you kill an innocent animal,\" Mya said. \"Just leave us alone,\" Misty said. \"Fine, I'll leave, but don't think I won't be back,\" Gargantua said, returning to her spaceship. After Gargantua left, the duck swam up to Misty and Mya. \"Thanks for saving me,\" the duck said, sounding like Donald Duck. \"No problem,\" Mya said. \"Yeah we don't want an innocent animal to get killed. By the way, what's your name?\" Misty asked. \"Well, you guys saved me, so why don't you name me,\" the duck said. \"How about we call you, Beverly,\" Misty said. \"I like it,\" Mya said. \"Me too,\" the duck said. Soon after, they pulled the mask off the duck and she returned to normal. \"Thank you,\" Beverly said. \"No problem,\" Misty said. \"Why don't you come live with us?\"Mya said. \"I don't want to be a burden,\"Beverly said. \"Nonsense,\" Mya said. \"Yeah, we'd love to have you come live with us,\" Misty said. \"Okay,\" Beverly said. Then they all walked back to Misty's home and went to sleep.[Chapter 4] When we return to Misty and Mya, we see them trying to hide from Gargantua. Just then, Misty gets an idea. She grabs the mask from Mya and brings it to her face. Misty starts spinning around in a tornado that goes around the whole town. When the tornado stops, we find a new and improved Misty. Misty's hair was longer than before, and her head is now a lime green color. Misty is wearing the same outfit as Jessica Rabbit but it has orange stripes. She pulls out a mirror to look at her reflection. \"Smokin'! Man, I look good, but who doesn't when there ready to get their green on?\" Misty asked to nobody in particular. Meanwhile, Sal was waiting for her master to come back. When Gargantua wasn't there, Sal went looking for her. Misty and Gargantua were fighting in the middle of town. When Sal spotted Gargantua, she was watching the fight go on what looked like forever. Gargantua decided to make a time bomb and set it for 3 hours. After that, she went back to fighting Misty. \"Master,\" Sal cried out. When Misty heard Sal cry out, she turned around. Gargantua grabbed Misty's face from behind and pulled the mask off. Sal made a dive for it, but it slipped out of her hands and landed right on her face causing her body to spin around in a tornado that was wrecking some of the buildings in town. While Misty was watching Sal spin around, she had no idea what was going on. When she saw the bomb, she watched as it was counting down and had no idea how she was going to stop it from going off.[Chapter 5] When we return to Misty and Mya, we see them watching Sal spinning around and around in a tornado. When the tornado stops, we see a new and improved Sal. Sal's head was a bright green color. In her hand was an axe and her eyes were an angry red color. When they started to run, Sal shot lasers from her eyes. Then, Misty got an idea. She started running towards the front of the time bomb as Sal was firing lasers from her eyes. When the lasers hit the time bomb, it was totally destroyed. Gargantua stared angrily at Sal. \"Can't you do anything right, you stupid robot?\" Gargantua said. Sal started crying so loud the ground was shaking. Just then, the mask flew off Sal's face. Misty made a dive for it, but it flew out her hands and landed right on her face causing her body to spin around and around in a tornado. When the tornado stops, we see Misty transformed once again. Misty's hair was longer than usual, she had on an dress similar to Jessica Rabbit's. Her head was a bright green color. When she pulled out a mirror, she looked at her reflection. \"S-s-smokin'! Now it's my turn!\" Misty said, excited. Misty started towards Gargantua. There was no mistaking the horrified look on Gargantua's face. She was looking for somewhere to run. Mya started to walk towards Misty to see if she could get the mask off Misty's face.[Chapter 6] When we return to Misty and the others, we find Misty still wearing the mask causing havoc everywhere she goes. Then, out of nowhere, we see Beverly the duck coming out of Misty's place. She was looking around when she spotted Misty wearing the mask. \"I've got to do something fast before something bad happens!\" Beverly said. Soon after, Gargantua snook up behind and pulled the mask off Misty's face. It went flying through the air and landed right on Beverly's face. Her body started to spin around in a tornado, knocking everything over in her path. When the tornado stops, we see Beverly transformed once again. She was now the size of a T-Rex, her head and face down to the start of her neck was bright green in color. \"S-s-smokin'! Ooh, it feels so good to be back!\" Beverly said, excitedly. Gargantua had a frightened look on her face as she saw Beverly coming towards her. Misty and Mya chased after Beverly, hoping she wouldn't damage the whole town. They had no idea what was going to happen next.[Chapter 7] When we return to Misty and Mya, we see them still chasing after Beverly. Beverly was having too much fun to notice the girls. She was putting boxes in front of people's houses. When the people opened the boxes, extendo-gloves came out and the people went flying through the air. \"Ooh, somebody stop me!\" Beverly said, excitedly. Gargantua fired a missile at Misty and Mya, but Beverly put up a shield causing the missile to go back towards Gargantua. Gargantua leapt out of the way causing the missile to blow part of her spaceship off. Misty grabbed Beverly's face and pulled the mask off. It went flying through the air and landed right on Mya's face causing her to spin around in a tornado. When the tornado stops, we see Mya totally transformed. Mya's hair was spiked, she was wearing a sparkling pink dress and on her feet were sparkling pink slippers. \"S-s-smokin'! It feels so good to be back!\" Mya said, happily. \"Oh no, not again!\" Misty said. Mya went speeding through town, while Misty went after her. Beverly went back to where she came from and waited to make her next move. What she didn't know was Gargantua was fixing up her spaceship so she could follow the girls faster. Misty and Mya are in for a surprise if Gargantua ever keeps up with them.[Chapter 8] When we return to Misty, we find her chasing after Mya. Mya was wreaking havoc wherever she went. When Misty caught up to her, Mya was giving a bunch of people wedgies. Just then, Misty got an idea. Meanwhile, Gargantua was trying to destroy the city with her spaceship. When Mya saw what Gargantua was doing, she zipped over to the spaceship. Mya threw a baseball in the air, hit it with a baseball bat and damaged the top of Gargantua's spaceship. Gargantua got out of her spaceship and jumped on Mya's face trying to get the mask off. When the mask came off, it landed on Gargantua's face causing her body to to spin around in a tornado. When the tornado stops, we find Gargantua totally transformed! Gargantua's body looked like a giant squid with giant tentacles. \"It feels so good to be back!\" Gargantua said, excitedly. Misty and Mya gazed at Gargantua with frightened looks on their faces. They didn't know how but they knew that they had to get the mask off Gargantua's face.[Chapter 9] When we return to Misty and Mya, we find them trying to figure out a way to get the mask off of Gargantua. Gargantua picks up a car with her tentacles and heaves it at Misty and Mya. They step out of the way causing the car to go through several buildings. Suddenly, Gargantua grabs Misty with one of her tentacles. When Misty is closer to Gargantua's face, she grabs it and starts yanking the mask off. The mask comes off Gargantua's face causing her to let Misty go and it slips out of Misty's hands. Misty makes a dive for it causing the mask to fall on her face and she starts spinning around in a tornado. When the tornado stops, we find Misty totally transformed! Misty's hair is down to her ankles, her head and face down to the start of her neck is lime green in color. She has on a sparkling red and white striped dress and on her feet are sparkling red and white striped slippers. Misty pulls out a mirror and looks at her reflection. \"S-s-smokin'! Man I look good!\" Misty says, excitedly. Then, she rushes off to have some fun. Mya ran after her, making sure she doesn't cause to much damage. Gargantua followed them hoping to get the mask back. The way things are going, it looks like things could get disastrous.[Chapter 10] When we return to Mya, we see her trying to keep up with Misty. Misty makes a bowling ball appear out of nowhere and she throws it at Gargantua's spaceship. Gargantua gets mad after seeing this. Just then, Mya jumps onto Misty and tries to pull the mask off of her face. When the mask comes off of Misty's face, Gargantua makes a dive for it causing the mask to land on Gargantua's face. Gargantua's body starts spinning around in a tornado causing damage everywhere. When the tornado stops, we find Gargantua totally transformed! Gargantua looks like an overgrown lobster, her head and face down to the start of her neck is lime green in color. \"Wow, what a rush!\" Gargantua said, happily. Then, she grabs Misty and Mya causing them to scream for help. Gargantua then climbs into her spaceship still holding Misty and Mya. Misty and Mya don't know what to do. Will they ever get out of this alive. Well we'll see in the next story. The End For now ","Summary":" After her adventures with the mask, Misty was still looking for it. Meanwhile on the space police's"},{"Movie":"Gattaca","Title":"Of Physicists and Janitors","Author":"Convenient Alias","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11953228","Passage":"[Chapter 1] If Vincent kept an eye on all the new employees at Gattaca—well, all the employees that did the actual work, the navigating and the equations and the management, not the janitors and maintenance workers like himself—he did it with only the most selfish of motivations. There was a part of him that catalogued all their small, insignificant traits (mannerisms, clothes, even posture) in order to see what Gattaca looked for in an employee. Of course, that was a foolish impulse. He knew what they looked for, and it was all about the genetics. They required the perfect genetic code, something a faith child like him could never acquire no matter how much he worked on details like posture, portfolio or his handshake. Still, he kept an eye on all the new employees. Besides trying to figure out what Gattaca looked for, he liked to fantasize. He liked to pretend he was one of them, one of the old employees welcoming the new worker, or the new guy himself, perhaps surprised to finally be hired by the prestigious company, perhaps arrogant enough to take it all for granted. He liked to memorize their names and their habits, remember each of their accomplishments. All he did was vacuum and scrub the windows and take out the trash, but this way he felt like he was part of all their achievements. And, lo and behold, one day in April, someone quite interesting showed up. The first time he showed up in a wheelchair, Vincent thought it might be a fluke. He figured the man must have broken his leg or sprained his ankle, probably in some dangerous athletic pursuit only viable to an extremely fit valid like the type they hired at Gattaca. He wasn't wearing a cast, sure, but perhaps something less bulky under his clothes. Either way, the man was left at the bottom of the steps into Gattaca staring up for ten solid minutes, and no one stopped to ask him if anything was wrong or help him. So Vincent, good little janitor that he was, hurried outside to lend a hand. The man didn't notice him approaching, even though the rush of people on their way up to work had already passed him, and now there were only a couple stragglers still climbing the steps, carefully not making eye contact with either the man or Vincent, staring at their own feet. The man didn't seem to notice anything. He stared up the stairs, his eyes unfocused and his mouth slightly open, the sort of hazy expression one rarely found in such a focused, intense environment as Gattaca, even on the maintenance workers. \"Excuse me,\" Vincent said. He was right beside the man, having climbed down all the steps, but the man still neither noticed him nor responded. He shut his mouth with a snap, clenching his jaw tight, and his brow furrowed. But he still didn't answer. \"Excuse me,\" Vincent said, and gently touched the man's shoulder—barely touched it, in case he turned out to be squeamish about physical contact with a janitor. \"Can I be of assistance?\" The man glanced up now, his eyes finally focusing on Vincent, raking over every inch of his frame before settling on the stairs again. Vincent half expected him to go back into his daze again, but instead he said, \"I don't suppose there's a ramp.\" British accent. Huh. \"I think there is, actually,\" Vincent said. \"It's a little bit out of the way.\" He pointed the general direction, adding, \"I can lead the way there, if you want.\" The man smiled stiffly. \"Thank you, I would appreciate that.\" He followed, slowly wheeling behind as Vincent walked towards the side entrance where the ramp was. It was taking a while, and Vincent cursed mentally as he thought about the time he was losing cleaning the bathrooms. Caesar, his boss, would have his head. \"Do you want my help?\" he asked the man. \"Thank you, you are already helping.\" British accent mixed with confusion. \"No, I meant with…\" Vincent gestured awkwardly at the wheelchair. \"If you want me to push you, I can. It must be tiring.\" Although valids did have strong hearts and bodies, so the exertion probably meant little to the man. Predictably, the man tensed and said, \"I think I can handle it.\" Brief. Snappy. Fine. When they got to the ramp, the man insisted on going up that on his own as well, and opening the door for himself. Vincent still followed him in and realized, when they had gotten inside, that the man was still lost. He didn't say anything, but he had begun wheeling himself in the wrong direction entirely, the direction which led to the shuttle launch area. There were no launches for hours, and there was no way a man in a wheelchair would be going on any of them. Vincent ran to catch up (the man could go quite fast when in a temper, apparently) and stood in front of the wheelchair. The man glared at him. Vincent said, \"I'm sorry, sir, but you're going the wrong direction.\" \"How would you know where I'm going?\" \"That's the launch area.\" \"Maybe that's where I…\" A hearty voice cut through the argument. \"Morrow!\" Vincent and the man both turned to the side to see none other than Director Josef striding over, his mouth stretched into a welcoming smile. So the man was in Josef's division. The division Vincent wanted to be in, the one he applied to every few months even though every time his application was yet again rejected. Director Josef said, \"Where have you been? You're fifteen minutes late. I thought maybe you were going to back out.\" He winked—actually winked—at the man in the wheelchair, completely ignoring Vincent. As usual. But Director Josef acting this genial, even towards a treasured employee, was not so normal. Who was this…Morrow? Morrow, whatever else he was, at least did not appear to feel as hostile towards Director Josef as he did towards Vincent. He gave the man a fake smile and said, \"I got lost.\" Which only accounted for the past minute or so, but Vincent supposed he could spin his tardiness as he chose. When he got back to Caesar, he himself would have to come up with a good excuse for not just giving Morrow directions to the ramp and getting back to his own job. Saying he thought it would be more polite was not going to cut it, and he suspected Caesar might guess the truth—that he liked being around actual employees, the kind that wore suits and spent the day doing calculations instead of cleaning toilets, even if he was still only a lowly janitor himself. \"Well, come with me, now,\" Director Josef said. \"I can give you the grand tour.\" \"The wheelchair accessible tour,\" Morrow said. \"I expect that will be rather shorter.\" He was still smiling the fake smile, and Director Josef didn't seem to have noticed anything off, but his hands were clenched in his lap. What was his problem? Heck, if Vincent had been offered a tour of Gattaca by Director Josef himself, he wouldn't have been equivocating about an injury. But Director Josef didn't object to Morrow's tone, only agreeing with the qualification and leading the man off towards the elevator. Almost everyone at Gattaca used the stairs as a point of pride, and the first DNA checkpoint was located right by them, but Vincent supposed for Morrow that wasn't an option as long as he needed to use the wheelchair. As for Vincent, he stood around for another minute imagining that he was going with them, that he was the one Director Josef found worthy of \"the grand tour\". In the end, though, it was too much of a stretch even for an imagination of his flexibility, and he sprinted back to rejoin the rest of the janitors and apologize to Caesar for wandering off. Caesar just shook his head and sighed. \"Sometimes I wonder why I bother with you, kid. It's too early for a launch. What was it this time?\" \"A new employee,\" Vincent said. \"He was stuck at the stairs outside. Couldn't go up them because he was in a wheelchair.\" \"New employee and he's already got an injury,\" Caesar said. \"Hope he doesn't bring us any bad luck. Did you catch his name?\" For all he acted stern and disapproving of Vincent's dreams and shenanigans, there was nothing Caesar liked better than a choice piece of gossip. Vincent grinned. He was more often in the position to hand off gossip than any of the other janitors, and Caesar knew it. Might as well make the boss work for it. \"Yeah, I think the Director may have said it,\" he said. \"Only the last name, though. Not the first. Or the middle,\" he added, just to draw out Caesar's curiosity a little bit longer. For all he knew Morrow didn't have a middle name. For all he knew, the man didn't even have a first name. \"Well, what was it?\" Caesar asked. \"Morrow,\" Vincent said, drawing the word out and wiggling his eyebrows. \"Know anything about him?\" \"If I did, I wouldn't tell you,\" Caesar said, crossing his arms. \"You're much too interested in what's going on with the navigators. I keep telling you, it's our job to clean the shuttles, not ride them.\" \"So you don't know anything.\" \"No. Let me know if you find out anything else,\" Caesar said. Catching Vincent rolling his eyes he said, \"Hey. I can be curious. I don't get any funny notions just hearing about the navigators, do I? It might end up being important to my job. Sometimes I have to talk to these guys.\" \"I'll let you know,\" Vincent said, with a growing sense of exhilaration. Morrow. An employee like any other: valid, intelligent, handsome, entitled and obnoxious. But he had made it in and had Director Josef's approval and friendship, and Vincent couldn't help but feel a certain sense of solidarity with him. He pumped his fist out of Caesar's line of vision. Someday, that was going to be him. /…/…/ When Eugene got home from his first day at Gattaca, he couldn't help but sigh in relief. He maneuvered his way out of the wheelchair and into one of his more comfortable lounge chairs and took out a cigarette. They said they were bad for your health these days, but Eugene didn't have a genetic tendency towards addiction so he could stop smoking at any time, and his heart could take it. And if a car hadn't managed to kill him, he doubted a stick of burning tobacco would. Wistfully, he half wished it would, that the cigarette would turn out to be poisoned, perhaps by some jealous contender for the job he had just gotten, perhaps from the janitor who had shown him into the building wanting to kill him for his tone. He inhaled deeply and exhaled. No, still alive. Pity. He had promised his parents to stop vegetating after the accident, even though he knew he could afford to live off their money a little while longer. He had promised to get a job, clean up his worse habits (the reason he was just smoking instead of sipping some tequila) and act like the well bred man he was. Bred. Ha. The well engineered man he was, more like. Didn't it shame them, seeing the son they had pinned all their ambitions on go to pieces? Wasn't he just such a disappointment? Couldn't even win a gold medal, and now he spent half his time thinking about death. How terribly morbid. But that wasn't fair to his parents. They didn't know everything. He'd told them he'd been drunk when the car hit him, the crowning disaster in his chain of alcohol abuse and the crowning factor in their disapproval. No one had ever found his suicide note, and when he'd gotten out of the hospital he'd torn it up. They didn't have to see his weakness. No one did. No, his parents weren't disapproving (they claimed). Just…concerned. And so he'd promised them to get work, respectable work. He would never do anything as glorious as the Olympics, never again, so now he would do something…reputable. Which was how he had ended up deciding on Gattaca. Inhale. Exhale, spiraling smoke into the air. Fire and breath, both symbols of life. Symbols of failure, in that aspect. Eugene extinguished the cigarette on an ash tray next to his chair and simply leaned back. Gattaca had been supposed to be a noble job. It elegantly combined scientific office work—and despite the fact that Eugene had spent all his life as an athlete, he wasn't actually all that terrible at physics and science—with the idea of a field that had a dream, exploring the far reaches of space and taking terrible risks. People still saw it as a company that made dreams come true, and perhaps Eugene, in joining their staff, had been a little taken in by the hype. One day of work later, he had to face the facts: it was one of the snobbiest establishments he had ever encountered. DNA tests were apparently mandatory just to enter the building, drug tests instituted nearly every day. Ridiculous. Of course, they assured him he wouldn't be subject to as many drug tests due to his disability—dealing with the catheter would be more trouble than it was worth. Eugene had smiled politely and said he appreciated it, privately wondering whether that meant he could show up at work drunk on a regular basis. It would probably help him deal with their idiocy even if it would drive his parents insane and do little to advance his career. He lit another cigarette. Those weren't allowed on Gattaca grounds, so he'd have to get his smokes in the morning and during lunch break, and plenty with his vodka at night. This Gattaca job was going to be just a bundle of stress with nothing glorious about it. He could already tell. /.../.../ /.../.../ /.../.../ AN: So my Gattaca feels are still fairly strong, although I haven't seen it in a month. This is going to be a multi-chapter fic, but probably not all that long. The basic premise I'm working on is: What would happen in a world where the Jerome Morrow working at Gattaca was, actually, Jerome Eugene Morrow? And what would happen in a world where Eugene and Vincent met each other without the whole borrowed ladder arrangement? Would there be bromance? Would there be feels? Anyways, reviews are always much appreciated. I'm trying to finish up Coeruleus, figure out where this is going, and hopefully participate in Small Fandom Fest over at Livejournal. So fanfiction-wise I'm busy and could use the motivation. See you in the next chapter.[Chapter 2] Vincent didn't speak to the elusive Morrow for another four days. When he did, it was mostly by accident. He ran into the guy—actually ran straight into him, wheelchair and all—going around a corner on the way to clean the bathroom. He ended up almost falling in Morrow's lap, but the man caught him with surprisingly strong arms (perhaps not so surprising for such an utter valid) and pushed him back onto his feet again. Vincent blushed and stammered, \"I'm sorry, sir. I guess I wasn't looking where I was going.\" \"In a hurry?\" Morrow said coolly. By the tilt of his eyebrows, he was amused. Vincent gritted his teeth, his face only growing hotter. Valids and their condescension. He would take it from the directors, and he would take it from the more experienced workers here, but he didn't need to take it from the random new guy who looked down on him for holding the best job he could with his genetic status. \"Yes. I have a job.\" He took a step to the right of Morrow, but Morrow grabbed his arm. \"A moment.\" \"I have a job,\" Vincent repeated. \"And you can get back to it in a moment,\" Morrow said. \"You had enough time the other day, didn't you?\" Vincent glared at him, remembering how late the idiot had made him. \"No, I didn't. And…\" He paused. \"You remember me?\" Real Gattaca employees, the ones working on calculations, the ones that someday would go to the stars, never wasted brain space on remembering the names of people lower on the totem pole, janitors and the like. And Morrow was just the sort of snob to forget receiving help, especially from someone like Vincent. But then, it had been only four days. Perhaps that helped a bit. He wasn't a full blown Gattaca man yet. Morrow narrowed his eyes impatiently. \"Of course. I'm crippled, not brain dead.\" Okay, so still the arrogant Gattaca man. Vincent rolled his eyes and was about to retort when his brain processed the second half of that response. Wait. \"Crippled?\" Morrow blinked. Vincent looked at Morrow's face. Then at the wheelchair. Then at Morrow's face again. An idea was slowly blossoming in his mind—the idea that he, Vincent, was acting kind of like a jerk. \"Uh,\" he said after a moment of Morrow just staring at him had passed. \"Sorry. I hadn't realized…\" \"What did you think the wheelchair was for?\" \"Sprained ankle?\" Vincent suggested, and he winced at the look Morrow shot him in return. In retrospect, of course a valid would be far too proud to take up a wheelchair over something that minor. Especially a man like Morrow seemed to be. He expected Morrow to give him a good tongue lashing. But instead, Morrow simply said, \"Paralyzed from the waist down.\" Vincent bit his lip. To ask him how he had been paralyzed would be rude. To ask him how he had managed to get hired with such a disability (at Gattaca, of all places) would be even worse. Instead he said, \"Sorry. What was it you wanted?\" Morrow continued to glare at him, sitting straight up in his chair, hands tensed on the wheels. He said, \"You know your way around the building.\" \"Yes.\" Of course he did. He'd mopped pretty much every hall of it by now, and wandered daydreaming through each of them in turn when the work was done. \"I can't find Director Josef's office,\" Morrow said. \"Show me the way there.\" His tone was demanding, angry. Even at Gattaca people were generally more polite when making a request. Condescending, but not so confrontational. Vincent sighed. \"Sure.\" He would have to have patience with Morrow. After all, a moment ago he had been rather rude himself. Morrow nodded briskly and gestured with his hand for Vincent to lead the way. \"It's the other direction,\" Vincent said. Morrow did not respond, but narrowed his eyes a little bit more. Vincent shook his head and started walking, trying to ignore Morrow's eyes on his back and instead focus on the sound of the wheels turning behind him. It only took a few minutes to reach the hall where Director Josef's office was. Vincent pointed out the correct door, and Morrow began to move past him before pausing at his side. He bit his lip and lowered his gaze. \"What?\" Vincent said. \"Need anything else?\" He sure hoped not. He should have been well at work on cleaning the bathroom by now. \"No,\" Morrow said. \"Well then,\" Vincent said. \"Have a good meeting.\" He pushed aside a frisson of jealousy—Someday, he swore, he would become a Gattaca employee for real and have meetings with the directors himself. And then, he wouldn't feel vindictive towards his coworkers, only the camaraderie of the chosen, those who had created for themselves success. If he had snatched his from the jaws of defeat, he would only be the more proud of his presence in their company. \"Stop,\" Morrow called out as Vincent walked away. \"What is it?\" Vincent said, pausing at the corner. Morrow said, \"Thank you for showing me the way here. And for helping me get in the other day.\" \"Any time,\" Vincent said. Was that all? He had thought it would be something dire. Morrow was still staring at the ground in utter embarrassment, so he added, \"You're very welcome. It was nothing. Call it part of my job to help Gattaca's physicists.\" Morrow nodded and abruptly swiveled his chair and rolled away to knock on the director's door. Vincent shrugged (despite knowing Morrow wouldn't see it) and headed back to clean the bathroom. When he spoke to Caesar later, he told the man that Morrow had actually turned out to be a paraplegic, not simply affected by a temporary injury. Caesar grew even more curious, of course, and asked what had caused the paralysis, how he had still managed to get hired, how long ago the accident was—question after question. Vincent could only shrug to most of them. \"Tell me you at least got his first name.\" \"No,\" Vincent said. \"It didn't come up.\" In retrospect, he really should have asked. The man was quite interesting, and even if the name never came in handy again, at least he could have looked up his records and figured out a little more about him. Caesar shook his head at Vincent's idleness and told him to get back to work, as if he had never been interrogating him in the first place. Vincent did so. It could have been quite a while before Vincent found anything else out about Morrow, even his first name. The maintenance staff and the more distinguished workers didn't interact that often, and Vincent knew sooner or later Morrow would actually figure out how to navigate the Gattaca complex. But Vincent was too curious to wait for a few more weeks to find out something as basic as the man's name, and he was too aware of Gattaca's social norms to approach the man and actually question him. He suspected such an attempt would garner little from Morrow but his contempt, no actual answers. Instead, he carefully observed Morrow and found the location of his work desk, fairly close to the door most likely so that he wouldn't have to wheel all the way around the room. Fairly considerate for Gattaca's directors, but then, Director Josef did seem to esteem Morrow's presence in the company. The desk was already messy after only a week or so of Morrow working there, so Vincent knew his chances would be fairly good. He had worried—the man seemed somewhat snobby and fastidious—but people's pride didn't always extend to their workplace, and Morrow was perhaps the type to care more about his personal appearance than his environment. Either way, it worked to Vincent's advantage. He was assigned to clean the main work space only a few days after he had determined his plan, and while he usually spent about half his time there sitting at the computers, pretending to type and occasionally hacking in to see what kind of programs and flight plans the physicists had been working on, today he did something slightly different. He sat down at Morrow's desk, but instead of examining his notes (and he had an actual notebook lying sloppily beside the computer, honestly, who used those anymore?) or playing with the computer, he sorted through the mess on Morrow's desk, carefully looking for one thing and one thing only: a hair. He found several, and tucked them all into a small contained he had brought in the bulky pockets of his janitor uniform. Then he carefully placed all the papers and various objects (and seriously, how had Morrow even managed to create such a mess in only a week?) back where they had been. Hopefully no one would be able to tell he'd been there. He'd been careful not to leave any hair or DNA of his own behind—perhaps some sweat or fingerprints were still on the notebook, but nothing worth noting. He took the hairs to one of those places that weren't supposed to exist, where they would give you the records connected with the DNA without asking you why you needed it or whether you had a right to it. Perhaps he felt a bit guilty. But it was hardly an uncommon practice. Every time he'd asked for a job, he knew his possible employer had done the same. He had even heard of lovers doing it without each other's permission to see if dating was worth the time. Morrow's full name, as it turned out, was Jerome Eugene Morrow. Jerome. Vincent rolled the name over his tongue, and rolled his eyes. A grand, strong name for a man so arrogant. A thoroughly valid name, solid and dependable. He smirked a little at the idea of nicknaming him Jerry before moving on to the rest of the profile. It wasn't a place that gave you the background of the person with the DNA unless you paid extra, and Vincent didn't feel comfortable for asking for such a thing. It did, however, read the person's genes quite thoroughly. Morrow had the heart of an ox and a strong body to match—nothing Vincent couldn't have guessed. He was not susceptible to illnesses, and had no genetics pointing towards any particular ailments. He scanned the rest of it, already satisfied that Morrow had a far better lease on life than Vincent or any invalid. The man's genes were phenomenal, even better than those of most Gattaca navigators. It was no wonder the director had been eager to welcome him to Gattaca. Most likely the only disappointment was that Morrow's paralysis wouldn't allow him to go to space. Shame. The closest thing Morrow had to a risk factor was a chance of clinical depression, and even there the risk was only about one percent. Vincent had paid attention to his psychology class in high school. He knew an illness such as depression was unlikely to manifest without both the possibility inherent in the man's genetic code and stressful circumstances. Perhaps he could develop depression after being paralyzed from the waist down, a depressing enough experience, but it was only a one percent chance, and up until the accident he must have been living the life of the pampered elite. Vincent shook his head. Genes said Morrow was destined to a happy life, long and healthy. Well, they had gotten him a position at Gattaca but they hadn't saved his legs. So in one way at least luck favored him less than Vincent. He would remember it for the future, a piece of encouragement when he was tempted to give up on Gattaca hiring him. Fortune favored who it would, genetic code or no. /…/…/ Eugene was at least ten minutes late to his meeting with Director Josef, but the director excused him, although not before making it quite obvious that he was overlooking Eugene's flaws (\"your lack of punctuality\") because, of course, with his recent trauma (\"after going through such a difficult experience\") he could not be held to the same standards as all of the other Gattaca employees. That and the fact that he was apparently doing excellent work so far, and his genetic code and history were both beyond all expectations. The attitude left Eugene unsure whether the director was condescending to him because of his paralysis or giving him special privileges because of his ever-so-wonderful genetic code, his incomparable validity. One thing was for certain: Josef was interested in him. Eugene doubted he called all employees into private meetings only a week into their employment, and in truth the discussion was hardly essential. He was asked if the facilities were sufficient to accommodate his disability—he said yes, holding back from mentioning that they barely sufficed. Josef didn't inquire further. Instead they ended up discussing swimming, the Olympics, and of course Gattaca's standards, Josef's favorite topic. Eugene got the feeling he was supposed to be basking in some sense of elitism with the director, feeling companionship with this man who, like him, clearly had the genes of a superior man. So he smiled, stopped himself from saying anything too cross or inflammatory (which made him hold back about half of what he wanted to say, perhaps more) and accepted a glass of Director Josef's wine. He enjoyed the wine. That didn't change the fact that he hated Director Josef. He hated everyone at Gattaca. A bunch of snobbish idiots. All right, not idiots—most of them did advanced physics and could probably have worked about a dozen different jobs. It was fashionable for the valid elite to be a renaissance man, as Eugene's own parents. So they were all very smart. Didn't change the fact that the most tolerable person Eugene had met at Gattaca so far was still the janitor who had let him into the building his first day at work. That didn't exactly say anything good about the company. Or perhaps it said something about Eugene himself. He suspected half the reason he had liked the man (to an extent) was the fact that at least around the maintenance, he didn't have to hide his foul mood. Still, the janitor had been considerate, if terminally awkward. So Eugene was somewhat pleased when he ran into him again two weeks into his new job, and even more pleased when he managed to hold an actual conversation with the janitor instead of instead of passive aggressively trailing him around Gattaca's hallways. See, he could be an adult. When he ran into the janitor for the third time (although this time not literally, which was nice after their tempestuous second meeting) he was technically already supposed to be at home. It was about an hour after the Gattaca employees had trailed out of the building, and he had already logged in his hours. But he had lingered too long in the bathroom and then realized he had left his cell phone at his desk. Usually he would have just left it there and gone home, too lazy to return and well aware how unlikely it was that anyone would call him, especially over his cell phone rather than his home phone. But it was a Friday, and it was just barely possible he would want it over the weekend. So he rolled his eyes and rolled back to the main work room and hoped no one would notice he was still there an hour after he should have left, with most of the lights in the building turned off to save electricity except where the staff was cleaning up from the busy week. He managed to evade the questioning gazes of all the janitors until he got to the actual work room. There, among desks and computers and occasional junk like his, he spotted the first person he'd seen since fleeing the same room earlier as soon as the work day was done. Well, he spotted the vacuum first, to be honest, and prepared himself to make excuses as to why he was still there, or perhaps to glare at whoever it was until they let it be. But when he did see the person there, it was the same janitor who he'd met twice already, and he wasn't cleaning. He was sitting in the chair at the desk (and it was Eugene's desk, of all the desks in the room!) with his fingers poised over the keyboard, staring at the powered down screen of the computer as intently as the most diligent physicist in Gattaca's hire. For a moment Eugene wondered if the janitor was delusional, perhaps the reason he couldn't get a better job in the first place. Perhaps he was having some kind of a fit or a flashback and believed there was something actually on the computer screen, that he was actually getting work done. If that was the case, should Eugene wake him out of his daze, or leave him be, or perhaps find one of his coworkers who would be familiar with his fits? He had about decided to go find whoever was the head honcho among the janitors and let him take care of the problem when the janitor's lips twitched, and Eugene finally recognized the look on his face—not the look of a manic having a hallucination, but the look of a child playing pretend. Playing pretend at being a Gattaca navigator. Eugene sighed. If he thought too much longer about this it was going to get depressing. Instead, he spoke, breaking the silence that lay in the room like a layer of dust: \"That's my desk.\" The janitor's head jerked up, and Eugene watched his eyes widen. He could almost hear the thoughts running through the man's head, confusion, embarrassment, defensiveness. He waited for a response. Finally, the janitor said, \"Uh, sorry to get in your way. I didn't think anyone was still here.\" He stood up (and if he knew how much that small action would mean to Eugene, he would never dream of such great wonders as being an astronaut again) and added, \"I'll just get out of your way now. Sorry.\" \"No, no, it's fine,\" Eugene said. \"It's just…If you're pretending to be an astronaut, that's not the right desk.\" \"I wasn't…\" \"I'm not going to outer space,\" Eugene said. \"I'm just one of the people who sits here on planet Earth and runs calculations. Thoroughly grounded.\" His hands pressed against the wheels of his chair. \"So if you want to be an astronaut and go to the stars, you should probably sit somewhere else. I'm not exactly dream material.\" The janitor hesitated. Then, slowly, he lowered himself back into the seat at Eugene's desk. \"Just working with the team. That's the dream.\" \"I suppose I do that,\" Eugene muttered. \"Yeah,\" the janitor said. \"Well. It would be the first step.\" He smiled, uncertainly. \"I suppose I'd like to go to the stars as much as anyone else.\" He crossed his arms when Eugene failed to answer immediately. \"Well? Isn't that your dream too? If you're working at Gattaca…\" \"Not really, no,\" Eugene said. \"Didn't really come here for any of that.\" The janitor stared at the blank computer screen. \"Then why?\" For some reason, on being asked, all of Eugene's rationalizations for the life he was living seemed to crumble into dust. He muttered something incoherent and rolled over to the desk, picking up his cell phone which was lying right next to the keyboard of the computer. The janitor blushed and moved the chair back a bit to get out of his way. \"You're fine,\" Eugene said. \"I am sorry. I mean, I'm just sitting in your chair,\" the janitor said. \"If you need me to get out, I can.\" \"No. I'm on my way out now,\" Eugene said. \"Took me a bit longer than usual, but.\" He shrugged. \"Have to go home now.\" Home to his huge, empty house, where he could get raucously drunk and yell profanities that would echo against the walls, and wake up in the morning with a sore throat and a headache and the lack of embarrassment that followed the realization that it didn't matter what he yelled or how loud he yelled it—no one would hear him anyways. Home, he told himself, to sleep off the week and prepare himself for the next, and try to ignore the fact that none of them led anywhere, that he might be living from week to week but in the time since the accident nothing had really changed except that he was in a wheelchair and did regular physical therapy. Home to realize he couldn't, actually, ignore that fact. Home to ogle his set of kitchen knives and then laugh off the ludicrous notion of staining his clean steel kitchenware with blood. (If he did it, he would slit his wrists this time. A classic, after all. And considering the fact that no one ever visited his house, there would be minimal interference. It would be less risky this time. And he couldn't live through another attempt. He didn't know what he would lose next.) \"Why are you still here?\" the janitor asked. \"I mean, not that you don't have a right to be here. But everyone else is gone. And you weren't at your desk until now.\" Eugene summoned a fake smile and said, \"I got lost in thought in the bathroom.\" This was in fact the truth. Said lightly, it sounded like a joke. No janitor had to know that he had spent nearly an hour staring in the mirror, trying to sort out his thoughts and gather the motivation to move, get out of the building and go home. Trying to remember why he bothered living. \"Yeah,\" the janitor said, apparently taking his senseless excuse seriously. \"I guess everyone does that sometimes.\" Eugene offered another smile in response, unsure what to say. He tucked his cell phone in his pants pocket. \"I suppose I ought to be going.\" \"Yeah,\" the janitor said. \"And I should get back to work.\" He scrambled out of the seat again and reached for the vacuum. \"Well, good luck with that,\" Eugene said. He began to wheel his chair back and then stopped. \"By the way, thank you for showing me around those two times.\" He extended a hand. \"I'm Jerome Eugene Morrow. Call me Eugene.\" Odd. He hadn't told anyone to call him Eugene in a while. In the Olympics he had used the name Jerome because it seemed more suitable for an Olympic contender, and it had become a habit. Everyone at Gattaca called him either Morrow or Jerome, and mostly Morrow. He had gotten out of the habit of asking people to call him Eugene even though it was the name he had always preferred. Then again, no need to stand on ceremony and last names with a janitor, and no need to try to use a more dignified name with him either. And with even his parents calling him Jerome lately, it might be nice to hear the name Eugene from someone. The janitor stared at Eugene's hand for a moment, then with a laugh said, \"Vincent Freeman. Nice to meet you.\" They shook hands, and Vincent's grip was surprisingly strong. Eugene grinned and squeezed really hard back, until he could Vincent's fingers grinding together. Vincent grinned right back and squeezed as well, but couldn't manage to grip as hard as Eugene. When they let go, Eugene laughed. \"I won,\" he said smugly. The small accomplishment pleased him more than getting into Gattaca had. Vincent's smile twitched. Perhaps he was actually mad. Oh well. Eugene had been wanting to mess with Gattaca staff ever since he was hired and holding back the urge. The janitor would have to deal with it. He waved a sketchy goodbye and as he rolled away he heard the vacuum turn on. /.../.../ /.../.../ /.../.../ AN: This story...is weird. Frankly if it weren't such a small fandom I doubt I'd be writing it at all (oneshots are more my forte), but I feel like every fandom needs a few multi-chapter AU fics. So I've been trying. Til now, this story has been very focused on Vincent and Eugene's slowly growing friendship. That will continue, but some more elements will be thrown in soon. So. We'll see. If you have any ideas as to what could appear in this AU, or any opinion of what has come so far: Reviews are much appreciated. I will love you.[Chapter 3] Jerome Eugene Morrow—or rather Eugene, since for some reason the man preferred the worst possible name of his three options—was still a puzzle. Vincent tried not to think about him too much. He'd gotten Eugene's DNA analyzed and that should have shown him everything he needed to know. He'd even talked to him a few times. By now he knew the newcomer as well as he knew anyone in Gattaca, and he suspected better than anyone else in Gattaca knew Eugene. Which should have been enough. The man wasn't all that interesting. Nice, of course. Sort of nice. He hadn't yelled at Vincent for zoning out in his desk, but they still seemed to argue whenever they met and his handshake was absolutely crushing. But interesting? Well, it was like Eugene said. Of all the people working at Gattaca he was the least likely to actually embark on a voyage, the least likely to achieve Vincent's dream. Still, it was interesting that Eugene had admitted it. A man like him was not often self deprecating. He had seemed fiercely proud until their last meeting, and not the best of conversationalists either. Now he was still one of the most awkward people Vincent had spoken to at Gattaca, but maybe that was all his earlier standoffish attitude had been—awkwardness. And some of the things he had said had made Vincent curious. In any case, it wouldn't have mattered whether Vincent had any interest in Eugene or not. The next time they ran into each other was not of his making. Nor was it a coincidence. It was Eugene. Vincent didn't ask for company. He watched the launches every day on his own. The Gattaca engineers and office workers had grown immune to the magic of them, taking the fact that people were launching into space in tin cans for granted. The janitors still thought the launches were pretty cool but they had work to do, and when they saw Vincent staring absently out the window, they would shake their heads and maybe call out to him, tell him to enjoy himself. Sometimes ironically, sometimes sincerely. Vincent didn't mind either way. He enjoyed his solitude. When he watched the launches on his own it was easier to pretend that he was one of the astronauts on one of them, or at least feel the tenuous connection stretched out between the roar of the take off and the beating of his own heart. \"Vincent Freeman! Fancy meeting you here.\" Vincent startled. The voice didn't belong to one of the janitors. He turned from the windows and almost fell (again) on top of Jerome Eugene Morrow himself, who had scooted his wheelchair only inches behind Vincent. \"Sorry,\" Vincent said, recovering. Eugene only raised an eyebrow and smiled genially. \"Um, Eugene,\" Vincent said. \"Good afternoon. How is work?\" \"I'm avoiding it,\" Eugene said. Vincent tried to make a non-judgmental face, but it was difficult when he wanted to scream at the man who was shirking Vincent's dream job. He must not have succeeded because Eugene's smile froze. \"Difficult equation. I'm sure giving it some space will help.\" Vincent nodded. \"Probably.\" \"You aren't working either,\" Eugene said, crossing his arms. \"You're watching the launches. Aren't you supposed to be…\" He glanced over at the mop and bucket sitting on the floor next to Vincent. \"Mopping?\" At least the janitors had a right to complain. \"It will get done,\" Vincent said. \"I like watching the launches.\" \"I noticed,\" Eugene said. \"No one watches them anymore,\" Vincent said. \"They've grown used to them. Even you, and you've only been here for a month or so.\" \"They're pretty,\" Eugene said dismissively. \"But I can't wheel all the way over to the windows every time one of them goes up.\" \"It's only a couple times a day,\" Vincent said. \"Most of your co-workers—all of them—could just walk. They stay seated.\" He shrugged. \"I think sometimes people forget what we're doing here. Sending people off the face of the planet, into the unknown. It sounds good on a resume, working at Gattaca. People forget our mission, the fact that what we do is incredible. They never look up.\" He stopped, blushing as he realized he'd spoken as if he were a navigator rather than a simple janitor. A valid would never let him get away with that. But Eugene only stared at him for a moment before looking out the window and saying, \"Maybe that's why I came over. I wanted to see the launch, remember the dream.\" It would have been kind to let him get away with it. So far Eugene had only been polite. On the other hand, Vincent was tired of valids getting to say whatever they wanted. \"Thought you said it wasn't your dream,\" he said. \"Going to the stars or sending people up.\" Eugene frowned. \"You don't care about the launches,\" Vincent said. \"Do you?\" Eugene didn't answer. He stared out the windows, and the expression on his face was one Vincent had seen in the mirror time and again, searching, longing. But he didn't answer. Which was as good as confirmation. Whatever it was Eugene wanted (and he wanted something, that much was obvious), it was not going up on one of those spaceships. Vincent let out a sigh. For some reason he had been almost afraid of Eugene saying yes. As if by saying he wanted to watch the launches he would take the moment away from Vincent, make Vincent's dream somehow less. That wasn't the way dreams worked, he knew, but he was jealous of his dream, protective. He'd kept it for many years now without flagging in interest. No one, he was certain, dreamed of the stars more than he. The launch was over, the rocket high up and out of the atmosphere by now. Vincent turned to his bucket and mop. \"Shouldn't you go back to your equations?\" he asked Eugene blandly. \"Ah,\" Eugene said, starting. \"Yes, I suppose so. Good luck with your work.\" \"Good luck to you too,\" Vincent called after him. /…/…/ It turned out that, even though Eugene wasn't subjected to drug tests as regularly as pretty much everyone else on Gattaca grounds, that did not actually mean he could show up to work drunk and get away with it. Miraculously, it took him a full month of working at Gattaca to test this theory. Of course, it wasn't a perfect test—he suspected he could still have gotten away with being slightly buzzed as long as he kept quiet about it. Instead, although he showed up to work mostly sober (couldn't drive there too drunk after all) he spent his entire lunch break in the bathroom gulping down sweet rum he had brought in his work bag. He had only intended a few sips to ease the day, but fuck it. He never wanted this job in the first place, and it wasn't a day to play the good boy. He'd never been good at self control. Always the kid in college who spent half the party drinking and laughing and the other half yelling at people, trying to start fights, tripping over nothing and eventually vomiting. No regrets, really—people at college never took his drunk self seriously and mostly thought it was hilarious to see such a composed, perfect, popular valid completely lose it. He'd hated most of them anyway. Of course, at Gattaca he was sure everyone would be considerably less amused, but that only made him smirk more as he clumsily steered his wheelchair back towards his desk. Director Josef might even be disappointed. Maybe it would teach him a lesson about hiring people based off their genes. Sure, he got a lot of uptight perfectionist prodigies that way—Eugene wasn't blind; he knew the type Gattaca mostly attracted—but you couldn't always avoid the screw-ups. Sometimes you would still get a guy who was just trash, and Eugene was the case in point. He almost ran over a couple people—a woman in a pencil skirt and a blonde bun, two different muscular and clean shaven suited men, none of whose names he could actually remember. The woman, he actually apologized to. She was wearing heels and fell over, which looked pretty painful. She didn't respond, just gave him a long, skeptical look and hurried off. Probably he had slurred. As for the men, they were almost apologetic, ready to claim the blame for the collision, until Eugene looked them in the eyes and smirked. Then they skittered off too, emanating confused resentment. One did not expect aggression from the man in the wheelchair. In Gattaca, one did not expect aggression at all. Eugene smiled wider. He was a snake in Paradise. He headed towards his desk, those who generally sat near him giving him odd looks. By now they were used to him being somewhat more coordinated. There was probably a smell of rum on his breath as well. He smacked his elbow leveraging himself into his desk chair and swore loudly. Around him, the clack of keys paused as his co-workers took another moment to stare at him. \"What are you looking at?\" he asked. No one answered. He chuckled. \"No answer for me? Here I thought you were all supposed to be geniuses. Genetic brilliance not functioning properly?\" He arched his eyebrows. \"Or are you just too scared to answer? Too scared to talk to the cripple?\" A couple people laughed uneasily, pretending Eugene meant it all in good heart. One man got up and walked over. Thompson, Eugene remembered. The man's name was Thompson. \"Look, Morrow, maybe you should quiet down.\" No one ever called him Eugene anymore. It was quite depressing. \"Maybe I shouldn't.\" \"Ramirez is already going to get security,\" Thompson said. \"You want trouble?\" Eugene hadn't noticed Ramirez leaving—though he couldn't, actually, remember which one Ramirez was. He didn't even know if that was a man or a woman. He shrugged. \"What comes, comes.\" Looking for trouble? It had been a long time since he'd really looked for anything else. Maybe he would get fired. That would be lovely. A few minutes of yelling later, security was \"assisting him\" down the hall. Only two of them, one leading the way and one pushing his wheelchair (which was rude—he hadn't given permission). Eugene smiled. \"Are you kicking me out?\" he asked. The security guard pushing his wheelchair said, \"Not yet.\" \"Oh? What's a man got to do to get kicked out around here?\" Eugene asked. \"If I punched you, would that help my case?\" His fist was already clenched and ready, and he was sure he could twist into a position to get the man in either the face or the neck. Being paralyzed from the waist down had done nothing to his upper body strength, and while he hadn't punched anyone since before the accident, he was sure he could manage it. People who touched his wheelchair without his permission were basically trash anyway. Before he could get around to it, though (he had been waiting to hear the guard's response) the man turned down a new hallway, as did the woman walking in front of them. They were now in a section of the building Eugene hadn't been in before. He figured out what it was within seconds, though. Even drunk, there was no mistaking the medical section. He was wheeled over to a man in a lab coat, who apparently was expecting them. \"Mr. Morrow,\" he said, peering down at Eugene intently. \"Nice to meet you at last. Usually I meet new workers pretty quickly, but with you, it's been a whole month. I'm Dr. Lamar. I handle drug testing.\" Eugene smiled. \"Nice to meet you too,\" he said. \"So what now? I empty my catheter?\" Chances were any piss in there was from before lunch, and would have lower alcohol content. Not that Eugene cared. The sooner he got kicked out, the better. \"Mm, no. Today we're going to try a blood test,\" Lamar said. \"I'm going to need you to hold still while I draw blood from your inner elbow. Think you're capable?\" He raised a dry eyebrow. \"Sure,\" Eugene said. \"Just tell that idiot behind me to let go of my wheelchair before I give him a black eye.\" He continued smiling sincerely to show that yes, he did mean that. Lamar gave the security guard a look. The security guard backed off. \"He's all yours. But we'll be within calling distance if he gives you any trouble.\" He glared at Eugene. Eugene snorted. It wasn't like he'd actually punched the guy. Some people were so touchy. Lamar, meanwhile, had gotten out a swab and a hypodermic needle. He rolled up Eugene's sleeve and swabbed it with the cotton. \"How often do these tests come up positive?\" Eugene asked. Lamar said, \"Not often. Usually it's a formality.\" And of course a way to check people's genes, make sure they were who they said they were, but that went without saying. Borrowed ladders weren't something you talked about casually, and genoism was such a fact of life that it had become something of a joke to remark on it. Eugene held his arm still with some effort. He wouldn't have been able to walk in a straight line right now (if he were able to walk at all) but Lamar steadied him and he could still do something as simple as this. Drunk and paralyzed from the waist down, he could still do something as simple as this. Lamar inserted the needle and was quiet for a moment while the blood went in. Eugene watched. He'd done this routine a thousand times—common practice during the Olympics, high profile events, even college, although of course other methods of drug testing were even more common—but he still got a kick out of seeing the blood leave his vein. Genetic material, the currency of his life. All anyone had ever valued about him. And yet, see how easily it could be sucked out, how divorced it was from Eugene himself. He was entirely separate from the life running in his veins, a parasite of the DNA his parents had chosen for him. Within seconds it was through, the needle was out, and Lamar offered Eugene a bandage. Eugene accepted (although honestly, who needed one for such a small puncture? But it was only polite) and fumblingly stuck it on. \"Security said you were being very loud,\" Lamar said. \"They called me before they brought you over, gave me the basics.\" He leaned back against his desk. \"You know, I didn't think you'd be the type.\" \"I'm sorry,\" Eugene said. \"I didn't think we'd met before.\" \"We haven't,\" Lamar said. \"But people talk. I've heard about you.\" \"Oh, of course,\" Eugene said. \"That one cripple who thinks he has a right to work at Gattaca. Bit of an odd one, isn't he?\" He shrugged. There was always talk. \"Odd, maybe. They say you're quiet,\" Lamar said. \"But you do excellent work very quickly, and it's a little intimidating. You're a perfectionist, but you don't act condescending to people who don't do as well. You don't talk much and you don't go to company events, but maybe that's because you just joined up. But you don't seem shy. You're an Olympic athlete, but you don't talk about athletics. You have DNA better than almost everyone even at Gattaca, but you dislike the idea of genetic superiority and get cold when anyone acts genoist.\" \"People talk a lot, then,\" Eugene said. \"I'm just the drug tester. You can talk to me about anything,\" Lamar said. \"So they do.\" \"Are you going to test my blood or not?\" Eugene said, raising his eyebrows. The doctor still had the full tube of blood in his hand, but he hadn't put even a drop of it in the test machine. \"The main thing people say is that you're quiet,\" Lamar said. \"And here you are, screaming at everyone for no reason. Doesn't sound like you. Care to tell me why?\" \"Because,\" Eugene said. \"I'm drunk.\" Lamar sighed. \"I guess you are.\" He emptied the blood tube into the test machine. It came up with first Eugene's identification information—his company ID and his basic genetic profile. But there was also a beeping sound, and when Lamar hit a button the screen showed high alcohol content. Lamar shook his head. \"So what now?\" Eugene said. Now, he was guessing, was the part where he got fired. \"Protocol would be I talk to Director Josef, and he talks to you,\" Lamar said. \"Unless you'd like to talk to me now. I can speak on your behalf.\" \"You don't know me,\" Eugene said. \"You've just heard people talk. You aren't exactly a reference.\" The word reference came out a bit mangled. Lamar looked unimpressed, but his face softened and he said, \"I've also read your medical file. The accident was two years ago today, correct?\" Eugene didn't answer. \"You know, you can take a day off,\" Lamar said. \"Go home, Jerome. I'll tell the director you were sick.\" From Mr. Morrow to Jerome in ten short minutes. At least he wasn't saying \"Eugene\". That level of familiarity remained reserved, though if Lamar knew Eugene's preferences Eugene doubted he would hold back. \"You're terrible at drug testing,\" Eugene said. Lamar shrugged. \"It's up to my discretion to judge if an employee requires disciplinary action. I don't think you're quite there yet. Don't do it again. And get someone else to drive you home.\" Eugene mock saluted. \"Yes sir. Wouldn't want to get in another car crash. Maybe this time I'd actually die.\" There must have been something off about his tone, beyond the base level of drunkenness, because Lamar called after him as he left, \"Gattaca also provides therapy for employees. It's free and confidential.\" \"Goodbye, Lamar,\" Eugene called back. The security guards gave him dirty looks on the way out, but he ignored them. He fetched his things from his desk quietly (this time ignoring the stares, which were only more intent now, doubtless wondering if he had just lost his job and was leaving for the last time), headed to the exit and called a cab business. It cost far too much for the city, but why not splurge? After all, it was an anniversary. As soon as he got home, he would have to down a few more bottles to celebrate. /.../.../ /.../.../ /.../.../ AN: Reviews are always much appreciated. Little else to say for now.[Chapter 4] Although Vincent's interest in Eugene was waning (or at least, he tried to tell himself that), to much of the rest of the staff Jerome Eugene Morrow was becoming an increasingly interesting subject. Gossip was rampant. Few of them had actually talked to Eugene except in passing in the halls (\"Excuse me, sir.\" \"No, please, excuse me.\") but everyone had an opinion of some sort. Janine, the lunch lady, said he had nice manners but terrible eating habits. He only came to the office cafeteria about once or twice a week. Perhaps he did bring his own lunch from home, but she doubted it could be all that nutritional and what was wrong with the cafeteria food anyway? He always thanked her very nicely when he did get food from the cafeteria, and he seemed to genuinely look forward to eating it—though of course, she said, a guy with a smile like that, charming and smooth as butter, could quite possibly be faking it. She'd known the type in her day. Miguel said that he'd looked Jerome Eugene Morrow up and get this, he had been an Olympic class swimmer. He'd won a gold medal just three years back, and there were pictures of him vaunting it at award ceremonies. You could still find videos of his swimming online and it was incredible. If it weren't for the man now being a paraplegic and all, Miguel would ask him for workout tips. Vincent pointed out that hey, Miguel could still ask for tips. It wasn't like Eugene would have forgotten how to work out in the interim. Miguel blushed and muttered something about Morrow probably getting questions like that all the time and how it would just be a bother. Someone had a mancrush. Tina said that of course Morrow was quite famous and very fit and very good looking (she said this with a straight face, though if you teased her about it she would turn red pretty quickly) but what really mattered was that he was a decent physicist. He would probably be sent up soon enough if it weren't for his disability, she said. Which perhaps was an advantage—he could become a steady worker on some of the more complicated programs without needing to leave for missions in outer space. Someone inevitably would point out at this point that Tina was getting pretty invested in Gattaca's space program lately, wasn't she? Was she planning on going up soon? Like Vincent? (Generally being compared to Vincent in this regard was a great offense.) Caesar pretended he was over the subject. He said that the only thing that really mattered was that Morrow was more or less neat and didn't create too much work for the janitors. But whenever new gossip about Eugene surfaced he listened ever more carefully than Vincent himself. Underneath all the gossip, there was an undercurrent of the attitude that Vincent had found in himself when he first learned Eugene was a paraplegic: This man was not like the others. He was imperfect. He was like them, even if he was handsome and a genius physicist and used to be an Olympic swimmer and had the perfect genetic code. He was polite if a bit distant (understandable, they all insisted, and probably a result of shyness rather than valid snobbery) and probably a janitor at heart, despite his polished appearance. Having actually talked to Eugene, Vincent found it all a little ridiculous. Not that Eugene was a jerk. He was moody, but Vincent generally got the sense that he was an okay guy. But he was a valid, that much was certain. Vincent had seen his entire genetic profile (illegally, but why go into that?) and had spoken to him, and Eugene was valid through and through. The way he generally expected Vincent to be super polite and helpful the first couple times they met—and was still so touchy even when Vincent was, in fact, being super polite and helpful—and of course the way he casually shirked his work when he was a physicist at Gattaca, making three times as much as any of the janitors, and ought to have been grateful. Valid. Very valid. Still, Vincent supposed Eugene was an okay guy, and although he didn't contribute much to the gossip (he only had a few conversations to relate, after all) he did keep an ear to the ground. So when the news came in that Eugene had gone on a drunken rampage he heard about it right away. \"He was yelling at the top of his lungs,\" Miguel said. \"I could hear him even from where I was. Estaba que ladra. Then security came and carted him off to Lamar. I hear he gave them a couple good punches first, though.\" He mimed a couple punches himself, making Vincent take a step back. \"Doesn't sound much like him,\" Vincent said. Sure, he hadn't been a model of manners the first couple times he and Vincent had spoken, but generally he was under control, especially with his co-workers. Getting drunk at work? Punching out security guards? Vincent shook his head. \"You sure about that?\" Miguel said, \"Well you know, he's a man. Sooner or later a man has to let loose a little, you know? I wish I'd been in the room to see it.\" Tina said, \"Sure. All real men throw temper tantrums at work.\" She rolled her eyes at Miguel. \"At least he didn't throw up on the floor. I had to clean that area today, and it was enough of a mess.\" \"Let loose, huh?\" Vincent said. He remembered the distant look in Eugene's eyes as he stared out at the launches, wistful and yet so different from Vincent's own. And the way he'd stared at the ground while thanking Vincent for showing him around, and the awkward pauses in his speech where you could see him censoring himself or his attention drifting. (\"I'm not exactly dream material.\") He shook his head, bringing himself back to the moment. \"That sounds even less like him.\" \"What, you two best friends now?\" Miguel asked with a laugh. \"Oh yeah, I forgot. He watched a launch with you. Clearly the two of you share a deep, unbreakable bond—\" \"Shut up,\" Vincent said, punching Miguel's shoulder. And it was back to work, except for once Vincent was pondering something other than the launch schedule or the time he would have to allow before applying for a position as a physicist here again. Jerome Eugene Morrow was none of his business. But why was he acting so out of character? Not that Vincent had ever believed he had the man pegged, but he had thought he at least had figured out the basics, which did not involve drunken screaming matches. Eugene had dignity. He made snide remarks and talked about philosophy and dreams and charmed lunch ladies and was offended but hid it when Director Josef acted patronizing. Dignity. It was in the lines of his body, always tight and controlled whether he sat up straight or slouched, in his face whether he smiled a fake smile or lifted a sardonic eyebrow. He didn't lose control. It wasn't… Vincent took a deep breath. When had he gotten so invested in Eugene anyway? Maybe he'd get himself fired and Gattaca would be looking for a new physicist, a job opening Vincent could take advantage of to at least apply, even if he would never have a chance. There was no reason for Vincent to be worried. Still, as he washed the windows he wondered just what could have happened to make Jerome Eugene Morrow \"let himself go.\" /…/…/ Actions had consequences, which weren't always the ones you wanted. Eugene had hoped the consequence of his fit of misbehavior at work would be the director seeing the light—Eugene had excellent genes but at the end of the day that didn't make him any less worthless—and showing him the door. An end to working at Gattaca, where he should never have been hired in the first place. An end to the effort towards being the man his parents and society always told him he could be even though he knew in the inside that all he was really good for was swimming. The consequence he ended up facing was the exact opposite. Director Josef did call him into his office to have a talk halfway through the work day, but his face on Eugene's arrival was open and friendly, sympathetic. He didn't even get up from his desk, and certainly didn't seem to be angry. \"Have a seat, Jerome,\" he said. When Eugene awkwardly paused near the door, he said, \"Sorry. Make yourself at home. I want to speak with you.\" \"Yes sir,\" Eugene said, and he wheeled himself further in, directly in front of Josef's desk. \"What about?\" he said, meeting the Josef's eyes as guilelessly as he could. He had no reason to start bowing and scraping to keep his job. He didn't even want his job. Somehow he ended up acting subservient anyways. Survival instinct kicking in just when he needed it least. \"I heard you caused a commotion the other day,\" Josef said. Eugene smiled. \"A small one. I apologize.\" Josef sighed. \"Look, Jerome. I can tell you're nervous. Don't worry. I'm not going to fire you.\" What? \"You're not?\" \"Of course not,\" Josef said. \"Kick out a bright young physicist over a small matter like this? Don't be ridiculous.\" He waved a hand dismissively. \"But your actions still were over the line, and that's what we're here to discuss.\" \"I understand,\" Eugene said. \"Sir.\" \"I'd like you to be honest with me,\" Josef said. Eugene nodded. \"Of course.\" \"Lamar says your actions were partially because you were sick with a fever,\" Josef said. \"Be this as it may, security reports that you smelled of alcohol. Were you or were you not drinking on company grounds during working hours?\" With a mental apology to Lamar Eugene said, \"I was.\" He tried to look contrite, but all he could feel at Josef's disappointed expression was triumph. Too bad, Director. Turns out your latest golden boy isn't so perfect after all. Josef said, \"It goes against company policy, and you must know that.\" \"I know.\" Josef winced again. \"And your behavior under the influence was not exactly subtle. You disrupted the working day and verbally abused your coworkers.\" Eugene rolled his eyes. Gattaca was far too uptight and the director far too dramatic. Then he noticed Josef's eyes on him and immediately rearranged his expression. \"I know. It was unacceptable and I am so, so sorry.\" Josef said, \"I know you regret what you did, Jerome, but you need to explain to me why.\" Eugene took a deep breath. The thing was, the truth was exactly the kind of story that would sway Josef. It had been the anniversary of the accident and he'd just been overcome and hadn't been able to bring himself to ask for a day off because he was too out of it. Josef would like that story. He'd be sympathetic. Of course the anniversary of such a traumatic event would have some sort of effect, and while it was regrettable, it was still understandable. Losing feeling and control of half your body was not a thing you got over easily. He'd be let off, and Josef would give himself a pat on the back for being so kind to a poor man down on his luck. The truth would work here better than any lie, and he knew it. He let the breath out again. \"I don't know what came over me, sir.\" \"It has to have been something,\" Josef said. \"Your work and behavior have been admirable up until this point. I'm sure you had a reason.\" \"Stress, maybe?\" Eugene offered with a smile. Josef gave him a look. \"I haven't held a job in years,\" Eugene said. \"My family's rich, so I technically don't need to. I was busy with college at first, and then swimming, and then…\" He shrugged. \"It took a while to get through the physical therapy needed after my injuries, so…\" \"It must have been hard,\" Josef said. Eugene nodded. \"Mostly, it's hard to get back into the swing of things. I'm not entirely sure what I'm doing all the time, and I worry I'll make mistakes. It just gets to me. I apologize for flying off the handle the other day, though. Stress is no excuse…\" And it really wasn't. Eugene was sure Josef was going to probe deeper. But instead Josef smiled consolingly and said, \"Jerome, you're one of our best even if you just started here. Your work is pristine, your IQ off the charts. The work here can indeed be stressful, but relax. No one's going to fire you, no one thinks you've been doing badly. You've been doing just fine.\" \"I got drunk and yelled at my co-workers,\" Eugene said. \"Not exactly stellar behavior.\" He smiled self deprecatingly. \"I am so sorry. I swear I can do better.\" \"You've been under stress,\" Josef said. Apparently he had decided Eugene's subpar excuse was excellent and was going to stick to it like glue. \"It was a bad day for you, but I know you can do better. It's in your blood.\" If Eugene always lived up to his potential, he would have a gold medal in his cabinet instead of the silver. He wouldn't have wasted the last year drinking and smoking and trying to work his courage up for a second attempt. He wouldn't have walked in front of a car in the first place. But he didn't say any of that. Instead, he nodded and said, \"I know. I will do better. I am so sorry.\" Josef cut him off before he could apologize again. \"No need to apologize. Just don't let it happen again. Now, I don't want to keep you from your work any longer. Perhaps we can talk again soon, about more pleasant subjects.\" Eugene smiled. He hoped not. \"Perhaps.\" As he wheeled down the hall back to the working area he cursed the director with all the curses he could remember. All he had wanted was to be fired. With his behavior, would that have been so hard? Or at the very least he could have demoted Eugene or suspended him, reprimanded him or given him a pay cut, something to acknowledge that Eugene was not, perhaps, the ideal employee he'd thought he had hired. But no. Instead, the expectations had been raised. \"I know you can do better,\" Eugene muttered to himself. Do better. Do better. \"Fuck.\" He paused in the hallway, pressing a hand hard against his forehead. Do better. \"Jerome Morrow?\" Immediately he sat bolt upright, hand replaced in his lap as if he'd never been trying to squeeze his own brain into shape. \"Yes, that's me,\" he said, swiveling his head to see who had come up behind him. \"And you are…?\" It was a woman. A beautiful woman, though that wasn't saying much—what responsible parents wouldn't ask the geneticist for their daughter to be gorgeous? Blond hair carefully cinched into a bun that sat near the top of her scalp, not a strand out of place, and an expression so bland it made Jerome want to wince away already. He knew her. Her working desk wasn't far from his, and he'd definitely seen her around. He might even have spoken to her a few times. But she wasn't very outgoing, and he hadn't been spending his time at Gattaca making friends, and for the life of him he couldn't remember her name. \"Irene Cassini,\" the woman said. \"You ran over me yesterday.\" Now Eugene did wince. \"Sorry,\" he said. \"Really, I wasn't myself. I swear I'm usually more polite than that.\" He was doing so much apologizing today. One consequence he definitely did not enjoy. Irene did not look impressed. \"So I've noticed.\" She leaned against the wall next to Eugene. \"Are you well?\" \"Who, me? Never better,\" Eugene said, waving a hand. \"I am terribly sorry though. Please, you have to forgive me.\" Irene actually smiled slightly at that. It was just a slight quirk of her lips, gone in an instant. She didn't say she forgave him though. \"Well then, if you're sure.\" She pushed off the wall and walked ahead of Eugene towards their work. Eugene called after her, \"Really, I'm sorry!\" She didn't respond. Well, at least someone could tell he was messed up. Though for some reason, disapproval wasn't as satisfying coming from Irene Cassini as it would have been from Josef. Honestly, it kind of sucked. It was because she was pretty, Eugene decided as he wheeled slowly after her. Disappointing pretty girls was always worse than disappointing boring old males. Even though he supposed it would be a long time before he found another girl actually interested in him, if he ever did. Girls didn't go for a paraplegic, even if said paraplegic had the genes of a demigod. Not that he was all that interested in chasing romance just now. If he was failing this badly just at working at Gattaca, he could only imagine how badly that would go. He wasn't even good at friendship lately. Even the janitor had gotten annoyed at him the other day, and he still couldn't pinpoint what he had said wrong, and… He took a deep breath. Who cared about Irene? He didn't even know her, really, and he had apologized. As for his job, well, he hadn't lost it, which was probably for the best. His co-workers would forget his brief fit of madness by the end of the week, and he could get back to work as usual. And this time he would do better, do better, do better, do better… The mantra repeated over and over in his mind as he returned to his desk and turned the computer on. He didn't need Irene's approval or Vincent's friendship. He just needed to make it to the end of the week before breaking down again. And with the director's words fresh in his mind, he had no excuse to fail. /.../.../ /.../.../ /.../.../ AN: This fic is beginning to swerve from being about Vincent and Eugene being bros to being about Eugene coping with life. Well, the fic will do what it does. We'll see how much the trend continues. Honestly, Eugene is my main man so I don't particularly mind. Also, Irene has made an appearance. I'm aware that a good portion of the fandom doesn't actually care about her whatsoever, but honestly I like her character quite a bit. She's not going to be central, but from now on she's going to show up from time to time. Opinions on shipping, anyone? And reviews are always appreciated. :)[Chapter 5] Eugene made it to the end of the day and home without either breaking down or getting into any more weird conversations, even with the janitor. And he had settled down on one his lounge chairs with a cigarette and no plans for the evening (he might not even make dinner) when he heard the door upstairs open. Which. No one had keys to this place. No one except himself and his parents, who lived a few states away and, while they occasionally called to make sure he was taking care of himself, never visited. And the door upstairs? That was the one that automatically locked. It only unlocked when he pressed a buzzer that, situated as it was on the second floor, effectively meant no one had used that door since the accident. He blew out a long puff of smoke and tried to remember what to do in the case of home invaders. Before the accident he could have beaten up nearly anyone as long as they didn't have a knife or a gun, and he'd had some basic self defense training for even those scenarios. Common sense when you were a celebrity, an Olympic swimmer with a rich family. But he hadn't learned how to protect himself since paralyzing his legs, and it would be a bit harder to do any fighting in a wheelchair. Which he wasn't even in currently, and if the person who had just come in had functioning ears, they would hear him getting into it. He wasn't all that graceful. Footsteps upstairs now. The door hadn't been his imagination. A pause directly above his head. Vaguely, he wondered who would break into his house. It was nice, and in a nice neighborhood. And if anyone had been casing the neighborhood for a while they would have noticed that he was the only one living here, and relatively helpless against a robber. He should have gotten a better security system but had been feeling too apathetic since long before buying the house to consider such safeguards. He should have bought a gun, perhaps, but that would have been too much of a temptation to keep around the house and he hadn't decided to leave the Earth again. Not yet. He took a deep breath, inhaling smoke again, and repressed a coughing fit. That was the last thing he needed. Maybe if he was very quiet and sat very still… …Then the robber wouldn't come downstairs or wouldn't notice him sitting in plain sight? Footsteps on the stairs now. Eugene scrunched his eyes shut and then opened them again—he could already see the outline of a man's shape between the slats—and picked up the ashtray from the table next to him. Glass and fairly heavy. Also fairly expensive, but there was nothing else nearby, so it was this or nothing. The man emerged from the stairwell. Eugene hurled the ashtray full force at his head. The ash tray smashed against the back of the stairwell with a crash of glass and a yell from the man, who had dodged at the last minute but now had stumbled to the ground from the shock and had his hands up over his face to block any future projectiles. Eugene could see a few places where shards of glass had hit the mark after all, a couple where they had even drawn blood (though most had harmlessly bounced off the man's suit) and he swallowed. He was out of ammunition, the man was still mostly uninjured, and his mild injuries would likely just make him madder. After a moment with both sitting extremely still, the man slowly raised himself to his feet and lowered his arms. He scanned the room, eyes focusing on Eugene. He looked at Eugene's hands (empty), then raised his gaze and met his eyes. Eugene winced. Not because the man's gaze was angry (which it was). Not because he currently stood two feet taller than Eugene and had actual mobility and could easily hurl something back, although that was also true. But because now that the man's face was visible, it was all too familiar. He knew this man. \"Jerome Morrow. You do this to all your guests?\" Finding his tongue, Eugene said, \"Only the ones that break in, German.\" German smiled a small, irritated smile. \"You almost cracked my skull. As it is, I still have a couple cuts to clean.\" He shook his head. \"I'll say this, you still have a good arm. You have a sink around here?\" Damn right Eugene had a good arm. \"Get out of my house, German.\" \"Gonna make me?\" German asked, raising his eyebrows. He gently patted the left side of his suit coat, which had a slight bulge. He'd shown Eugene his gun the last time they'd had one of these little talks. Eugene swallowed. \"What, are you going to shoot the cripple? Because you're a big bad gangster?\" He tilted his chin up. \"You think I'm afraid of you?\" German laughed and walked down the hall, checking a couple doors until he found the bathroom. Eugene could hear the water turning on. Cursing (loudly enough that he hoped German could hear him) he heaved himself into his wheelchair, which was still sitting next to the lounge chair, and wheeled himself to the bathroom. He paused at the doorway. Maybe he should have brought another projectile with him for good measure, but what use would that be against a gun? He didn't want to make German twitchy. Decided, he went in. German was rinsing out a cut on his left hand. Eugene cleared his throat. \"Just a moment,\" German said. \"I would have talked with you right away but you threw a glass…something at my head. So you can wait.\" \"You could have rung the doorbell,\" Eugene said.\"I do have one.\" \"Yes, but we both know you aren't big on stairs these days. I was doing you a favor.\" \"You could have called ahead,\" Eugene said. \"I would have had it unlocked by the time you got here.\" Even though no one had actually used that door in months, he could have found a way. \"How did you get in anyway?\" \"Picking locks isn't an uncommon skill. You need a better lock on your door, for the record,\" German said. \"And the last time I called, I believe you hung up on me.\" \"Maybe that's a clue that I don't want to talk to you,\" Eugene said. German stepped back from the sink. \"I'm well aware you don't want to talk to me.\" He smiled. \"I'm persistent.\" He reached past Eugene to get a towel off a rack to dry his hands. Eugene grabbed his arm. \"Don't make yourself at home. I. Don't. Want you here.\" \"And it's cute that you think I care,\" German said. He grabbed a towel with the other arm and dried his hands. \"Shall we continue this discussion in the living room?\" \"Or you could leave,\" Eugene said, wheeling after German as he walked back down the hall. German sat down in the lounge chair Eugene had been using earlier, leaning back comfortably. \"We haven't spoken in about four months now. Shame, really.\" \"Shame you couldn't make it longer. Get out.\" \"Not until you've heard my proposition.\" \"I've heard it before. Not interested,\" Eugene said. \"If you don't leave now I'm going to call the police.\" German took a deep breath and smiled again, icier than ever. \"Jerome. We can play this one of two ways. The first is that you settle down and we talk about this reasonably. The second is that you keep on hassling me, maybe you try to call the police. I have to take out my gun, things get awkward, maybe someone gets hurt. I don't want trouble. I just want to talk business with a friend.\" Eugene crossed his arms. The thing about German was that he was a little bit frightening. It wasn't like Eugene had no experience with violence. He'd gotten into some drunken arguments that ended with a lot of bruises. He'd been attacked once or twice by faith birth fanatics who targeted him as a famous example of genetic perfection achieved by \"meddling with nature\". And then, of course, he'd walked his way into a hit and run that one time. He was accustomed to violence, to an extent. It was comfortable. But Eugene used to be able to defend himself a lot better than he could now. And the car crash he had intended from the beginning, had controlled. And the fanatics and the drunken idiots he'd had to deal with in the past had all been emotional, enraged. He had been on equal terms with the idiots, who had never intended him any real harm in the first place. And the fanatics, while a bit scarier, had attacked him at public events, where he had help from the police in instants. Violence he could control, violence he could master. Nothing like German. German who came to him in his home and spoke to him as coolly as if he were a child who didn't understand a lesson. German who the last time he'd visited actually had pointed the gun at Eugene (it hadn't been a good night) and had seemed as comfortable with it as if it were a ruler he was flourishing at said child to make a point. German who had no particular grudge against Eugene, no particular emotion towards him at all, and probably would feel only a little regret if he decided to shoot Eugene down in cold blood. German who could talk about these things with a smile on his face. \"Make your proposition then,\" Eugene said. \"But you're wasting both our time.\" Now German's icy smile widened into a genuine grin, and he leaned forward in his chair. \"Well, Jerome. It's been two years since the accident. I believe the anniversary was fairly recent?\" As if he didn't know it had been yesterday. As if his appearance today was a coincidence. Eugene rolled his eyes and didn't answer. \"And you've been coping admirably,\" German said. \"Just about finished the preliminary physical therapy, and gotten your head out of the bottle. I half expected to show up and find you drunk, like last time.\" He shook his head. \"You know, I had nearly given up on you.\" \"Please do go ahead and give up.\" \"There are some people who can't take it, psychologically,\" German said. \"Having a change in fortunes, losing control of their lives. Valids especially. Half of the people I approach are too far gone to be worth the investment.\" He plucked a cigarette from the case Eugene had left on the table and lit it. \"I can't connect my invalid clients to people who are too unstable, you know? Ladder borrowing is a partnership. You have to be able to trust your lender with your life.\" He sucked in a breath of smoke and blew it out again, straight into Eugene's face. Eugene waved it away and glared. German said, \"If the valid's always getting drunk, he can't provide clean samples. If he's too apathetic, he might lose motivation to collect samples at all. Or he might make a stupid mistake and get himself and his invalid partner arrested.\" He leaned back in his chair. \"I have to be careful with my clients. It's a responsibility.\" Eugene rolled his eyes. Lectures on the heavy burdens of responsibility that accompanied involvement in what was basically a black market. Lovely. \"Four months ago, I thought I might have to write you off. You were a mess,\" German said. \"But I gave you a chance, called you a few times, kept my feelers out, and what do you know? You worked it out. I'm proud of you.\" \"Thank you, but I didn't do it to become your merchandise,\" Eugene said. German's smile dimmed. \"Now, is that what you think I think of you?\" \"The way a pimp thinks of a prostitute,\" Eugene said. \"I'm not interested. My body's mine.\" German shook his head. \"Jerome. Jerome, you know that's not true.\" \"I know I don't want to rent myself out so some invalid can get his kicks.\" German raised a hand. \"You can cool it with the self righteous rage, son. I don't need you to prove to me that you're a valid.\" He lowered his voice. \"I don't need you to prove your worth.\" Eugene's breath caught. He opened his mouth to retort but German gave him a look. \"You're a good guy, Jerome,\" German said. \"Of course no one can deny your genes are excellent. Silver medal in the Olympics. I'd like to see a faith child handle that. And your GPA in college matches your IQ. You've proven yourself in those areas more than once.\" He blew out a ring of smoke. \"And somehow you're still a good guy beneath all that. Back in the day, you gave some good interviews. Some very anti-genoist comments. You even donated to some organizations combating genoism. So not just talk.\" Speaking against genoism? That gave him credit? Eugene laughed. That was about standards, and in the world of the famous, interviews had little to do with actual beliefs. He couldn't even remember what he had said in his interviews anymore. \"So I think you're a good guy,\" German said. \"I want to help you out.\" \"Help me out of my identity. No thanks.\" \"You say that very certainly,\" German said. \"But it's wearing on you, isn't it? It was earlier. You've never been depressed about your broken back. Never when I've talked to you. It's everything else that bothers you. I can't heal your broken back, but everything else? That can go away.\" Eugene closed his eyes. It sounded restful. It sounded like death. \"You let me pair you up with someone, you lend out your ladder,\" German said. \"All of this goes away. No more expectations. You won't have to live up to your genes.\" He leaned forward. \"Do you think all my valid clients come to me because of accidents like yours? They come because they don't want the pressure. Helping my invalid clients helps them too.\" \"And you just want to help me,\" Eugene said. \"I want to help you.\" Eugene said, \"My medical records include my back injury now. You're wasting your time.\" \"There are still some who would be interested. I've had paraplegics approach me before,\" German said. \"Usually I can't help them out. But you've already proved people would be willing to overlook your disability for your genes.\" \"Lucky me.\" \"I have some clients who are desperate, who I've never been able to help. Your genes could help them. Paraplegics from birth or early childhood, invalids with even worse luck than most. You could escape this life and give it to someone who actually wants it,\" German said. He blew out a mouthful of smoke. \"So?\" Eugene paused. It was true that Gattaca was no paradise, not his paradise at least. It was true that there were others who most likely deserved his genome far more than him. German certainly knew where to hit. But he only paused to satisfy German, honestly. Because he was trying to pull his life together, not throw it away. He'd only pulled himself out of a rut recently, and he had no desire to seek out a life where he'd end up shut up in the house all the time again, giving his life away to an invalid for cold profit. He knew there were invalids who deserved his life more than he did. He'd known it since he was young. He just wasn't that selfless. \"I'm not interested,\" he said at last. \"And I'd like it if you left my home now.\" German smiled. \"Of course.\" He stood up. \"I just thought I'd drop by and see how you were doing. Tell you the offer was still open.\" Eugene rolled his eyes. \"Much appreciated.\" \"It will stay open,\" German said. He walked to the staircase, pausing when he reached it. \"You do seem a lot better. It's good.\" \"Thank you.\" \"But you'll change your mind sooner or later. Call me.\" \"Goodbye, German,\" Eugene said loudly. German chuckled. \"Goodbye, Jerome.\" Footsteps on the stairs, and then the upstairs door opened and closed again. Eugene let out a sigh. German. One man he hadn't thought about in a while. \"Call you,\" he muttered. \"Call the police on you, more likely.\" But he knew he wouldn't—even his threat earlier had been a bluff. German had never hurt Eugene, but he was frightening enough, and rumor had it that others in the black market of borrowed ladders were far worse. Some of them did consider themselves to be warriors against genoism, almost public servants. Some of them were also ruthless killers who wouldn't hesitate to act against someone who threatened their secrets or their business. Trying to sic the police on them would probably hurt Eugene more than German. And they did good work, he supposed, for the invalid community. He just wished they would leave him alone. /.../.../ /.../.../ /.../.../ AN: For those of you who don't remember, German's that gangster dude who brings Eugene and Vincent together in the movie. I don't think his name is mentioned in the movie, but you can find it online. Anyways, I enjoyed his character, though he's probably way OOC here. I just like gangsters, okay? So German just kind of showed up. He'll be showing up again, I think, but not too soon. I swear I haven't forgotten Vincent, although he's definitely not as central to this story as Eugene as things currently stand. He'll be around in the next chapter. In the meantime, reviews would be much appreciated. Let me know what you think of German, and what you want to happen next.[Chapter 6] \"You've been busy,\" Vincent said. He'd finally found another chance to talk to Eugene the Monday after the rumors started. Not that he'd been searching for such a chance, but he'd been half hoping to run into him just to verify what exactly had happened the other day. He was as curious as anyone. So when he saw Eugene alone at lunch break, wending his way to the cafeteria very, very slowly, he decided Caesar wouldn't mind if Vincent left his work for a minute if it meant new fruit on the grapevine. Eugene glanced up, unsurprised at Vincent appearing at his side. He did stop wheeling forward, though. \"I'm a physicist at Gattaca,\" he said. \"Is that so odd?\" Vincent laughed awkwardly. Eugene's eyes had settled on him full force, and Vincent had forgotten how intimidating his gaze could be when irked. And apparently Vincent had irked him. Sensitive jerk. \"Well,\" Vincent said. \"The first couple weeks you were here we kept on running into each other all the time. I guess I figured it would keep on happening, but we haven't met in…\" He stopped there, because he did know exactly how long it had been, but Eugene didn't need to know that. \"Maybe I just learned how to navigate the hallways,\" Eugene said with a small smile. It wasn't a smirk and it wasn't a frown, so Vincent figured it was a good sign. \"They're very confusing,\" he said, circling around to stand in front of Eugene instead of at his side so he wouldn't have to crane his neck. \"I got lost a couple times my first week here too.\" \"But now you are the janitor extraordinaire,\" Eugene said. \"Yeah, I guess.\" Not like that was something to boast about. \"I guess you really have been busy though,\" Vincent said to fill the awkward silence. \"People have been talking about you a lot. Most of them seem pretty impressed.\" \"Yes, well,\" Eugene said. \"I am impressive, after all. What do they say?\" \"They say you're pretty good at your work,\" Vincent said, searching his mind for the least awkward rumors he could remember. He should never have brought this subject up. \"Oh! Miguel mentioned you used to be an Olympic swimmer. Is that true?\" He wouldn't have guessed it from the conversations he'd had with Eugene, but then, they hadn't talked about much. It might be a sore subject too, since Eugene couldn't swim anymore. Actually, bringing it up had been a horrible idea. \"It's true,\" Eugene said. \"But that was years ago.\" \"Can't have been too many years ago,\" Vincent said. \"The last summer Olympics was what, three years ago now?\" He didn't keep track of sports. All the athletes were valid, especially in the Olympics, and he found them generally to be an disgusting show of the elites trying to one up each other even though they were all already too healthy to ever need to be worried about dying at thirty, or finding themselves unemployed any time before them. But that wasn't something he needed to discuss with Eugene either. \"Was that the Olympics you were in?\" Vincent asked.. \"Yes.\" \"Miguel said you got gold in…\" Something. He couldn't remember what anymore, and he doubted it could be just swimming. Swimming was far too large a category. \"Silver,\" Eugene said, with a pained smile. \"Silver, then,\" Vincent said. \"Sorry.\" He was sure Miguel had said gold, but sometimes Miguel exaggerated. And then, Vincent didn't really commit every single rumor to memory either. \"Don't apologize,\" Eugene said. \"It's certainly not your fault.\" His tone was a little tenser than Vincent would have expected, and his hands had clenched on the armrests of the wheelchair. No, definitely not a good subject. Vincent cleared his throat. \"Anyway, that's what they say about you. That's pretty cool. Winning the Olympics.\" \"Placing second. Not winning.\" Vincent shrugged. Gold, silver. In the Olympics such matters were determined by seconds and inches, and it barely mattered. \"The dream is gold,\" Eugene said. He leaned forward. \"First place. No one cares who gets silver.\" Vincent nodded hastily. It occurred to him that perhaps he ought to apologize. After realizing Eugene had no particular dream to become an astronaut and go to the stars and distant planets, he had begun to think of Eugene as a person who lived with no dreams whatsoever. From his tone now, however, he was beginning to realize this was not so. Eugene wasn't the kind of person who never dreamed. Eugene was the kind of person whose dream had been ripped away from them. He was grounded as thoroughly as Vincent, except the universe had been kind or cruel enough to give him a taste of it first. Before he could stop himself, he asked, \"Do you miss it?\" Eugene blinked. He looked thrown. \"Miss what?\" Honestly, it was like they were having two entirely different conversations. \"Do you miss swimming? If that was your dream.\" Eugene turned his head, stared out the window. His eyes were wistful, longing. Vincent almost expected, following his gaze, to see a launch going up. But no. There was nothing out the window except warm blue sky, dotted with the occasional cloud like foam in the sea. Not even an airplane broke the plane of endless color. \"I don't know,\" Eugene said. \"Sometimes I do. Sometimes I can barely remember it.\" He shook his head. \"I don't think I'd want to go back.\" Vincent's eyes widened. \"Why not?\" Eugene smiled and it was the fake smile again, the patented valid smile that always looked obnoxious but especially so on Eugene's face. \"Maybe I just decided not to live in dreams anymore.\" He laughed. \"I grew up. Did you think it was the accident that made me quit swimming?\" Well, yes. \"I never planned to do another Olympics,\" Eugene said. \"Even before I broke my back, I already knew it was over.\" He turned and began to wheel his chair forward again, towards the cafeteria. Vincent kept pace with him. \"But why?\" \"Correct me if I'm wrong, but I don't think it's any of your business,\" Eugene said. \"Sorry to disappoint you. I guess you janitors will just have to talk about something else.\" And on that parting note, he turned a sharp corner, and Vincent didn't follow him. Partly because of Eugene's last taunt, partly because of a feeling in his own gut, Vincent didn't end up telling anyone much about the conversation. He did correct Miguel, inform him that it had been a silver medal, not gold. Miguel didn't care, although it got him on another rant about the impressive videos he had seen online. Vincent was half tempted to look them up—it felt a bit like stalking, but was probably still less creepy than stealing Eugene's genetic material had been. Only, there was a difference between analyzing someone's DNA and watching them as they lived their dreams. There was nothing personal about DNA, however much some might disagree. But a dream, especially a lost dream, was the most personal thing a person could have. And probably not the best thing to harp about when said dream really was lost. For some reason, being around Eugene always made Vincent act like a jerk. Well, the next time they talked, he would have to find some way to apologize. Better yet, he could pretend the conversation never happened and find something better to talk about. Like…physicist things. Finding out whether gossip among Gattaca's elite was similar to gossip among their janitors. What Eugene had done to beef up his application when he first was hired by Gattaca (hey, even if they all knew it was a matter of genes, Vincent could always pretend otherwise for politeness' sake). Something like that. Something casual. Which meant he was probably never going to get Eugene's side of the story about the drunken rampage, but oh well. Sacrifices had to be made. /…/…/ Eugene never really expected Irene Cassini to speak to him again. Himself, he had no plans to seek her out after the awkward failure that was their last conversation. But somehow at the end of the day she showed up next to his desk, and they ended up leaving work together. It wasn't his usual. Still, it wasn't unpleasant either. They made small talk about work on a new flight plan, this plan involving some ship to Mars, nothing very special—ships were sent to Mars all the time these days. They were even beginning to work out a colonization plan up there. Eugene wondered if it might be something Vincent would be interested in, if Vincent were even slightly qualified. He still didn't completely understand why Vincent was so obsessed with going to the stars, although he supposed he could understand attempting to leave the Earth. After all, Eugene himself had attempted a trip to the heavens, though it had been a bit of a low budget effort. Still, if Vincent wanted off, a colony on Mars was probably about the best a man could do—although of course all candidates would probably possess even higher quality genomes than Eugene himself. He didn't voice these ponderings. Gattaca employees didn't like talking about the aspirations of their janitors, even when they were as nice (or at least seemed as nice) as Irene. Instead, he kept to the topic of practical details in the plans and avoided the subject of just why someone might want to go to Mars, apart from the scientific reasons that were the team's official purpose. Irene kept equally to the subject, her face as expressionless as ever, her tone bland and professional. She didn't seem to be enjoying herself much, and she certainly wasn't saying anything all that personal. Eugene was beginning to wonder why she wanted to talk to him in the first place. Especially when he turned down the hallway that led to the wheelchair accessible exit, not the main one. But none of his coworkers had really been talking to him since the fiasco last week, and Irene had never talked to him in the first place, and he didn't want to jinx it. So he didn't ask. When they got to the door out of the building, he said, \"Well, I guess I'll see you tomorrow, Irene. It was nice talking.\" She smiled slightly now, the first expression she'd shown since joining him in the hall. \"See, I knew you could hold an entire conversation without being rude or nearly running over me.\" \"I did tell you. My manners are usually pristine. And I did apologize for that accident last week.\" Irene shrugged. \"Well, that's in the past. You weren't entirely yourself. Though I suppose who is?\" Eugene raised an eyebrow. Irene didn't explain herself. Instead she said, \"You seem to be doing better this week, Jerome.\" Eugene nodded. \"I suppose it's been a good day.\" Although it was only Monday and the rest of the week could very well still be hellish, today had actually gone quite well. No one had been pressuring him too much, although he could still feel eyes on him pretty much all the time. Director Josef hadn't called him into his office for a chat about either Eugene's recent failing or Eugene's successes and the importance of having workers who excelled in every way at Gattaca. So that was a win. Still, he knew the actual reason he was in a good mood. \"I talked to a friend.\" \"You have a friend?\" Irene said. Both of her eyebrows were raised. This was more expression than she'd shown during their entire conversation. Eugene was a little offended. \"I'm not completely hopeless, you know.\" \"Of course not.\" This was said even more skeptically. Eugene crossed his arms. \"What, did you think I never talked to anyone? I just sat at my desk and hated everything?\" \"Isn't that what you usually do?\" It was, actually, what he usually did. Still, she didn't have to come out and say it. \"I have a social life.\" \"You don't talk to anyone at lunch,\" Irene said. \"You barely speak to anyone during work hours either, and when I came over to you earlier you seemed shocked.\" \"That was because you hate me.\" \"I don't hate you, Jerome,\" Irene said. \"Trust me, if I hated you, you wouldn't know.\" Eugene wasn't sure how to respond to that. It sounded a lot like a paradox. \"I'm very nice to people I hate,\" she said, staring off into the distance. \"I don't talk to them much, but I smile and I'm very polite. Most of the time they think I'm a sweet girl, just a little shy and maybe a little dull.\" She shrugged. \"They never bother to find out more. Which is convenient. It means that they can be condescending but at least they don't bother me.\" Ah. Eugene smiled. \"I know who you're talking about.\" \"Do you?\" \"You're talking about Director Josef,\" he said cheerfully. \"That's all right then. Everyone hates Director Josef.\" He wasn't actually sure if this was true, but he personally hated the man enough that it felt like a universal truth. Irene started, then actually laughed. It was the least controlled sound he'd ever heard come out of those quiet, carefully glossed lips. \"I'm right, then,\" he said. She said, \"You're right. I was thinking about the director.\" \"Well, I'm glad you don't hate me as much as him. That would be a bit much.\" He was a snob and a jerk, but never as bad as Director Josef. There were levels. \"I don't hate you at all,\" Irene said. \"Really?\" \"Surprisingly enough.\" Eugene grinned. \"Lovely. I don't despise you either.\" He leaned forward, feeling daring. \"Would you like to get a drink sometime?\" \"Are you asking me out?\" \"Are you saying yes?\" \"I'm not sure I'd like to get a drink with you. You're a bit much when you're drunk,\" she said. \"How about dinner?\" \"Tonight?\" \"Not tonight, no. I have plans.\" She probably went out with men all the time. That was fine. \"How about tomorrow?\" \"How about Wednesday?\" she countered. \"I'm very free on Wednesdays.\" \"Wednesday would be wonderful,\" Eugene said. \"It's a date, then,\" Irene said. She stepped around him, and he stopped himself from grabbing her arm as she passed. She turned back—he had to crane his neck to see her—and said, \"I'm glad you're better, Jerome. Have a good evening.\" \"Same to you,\" he called after her. He sat there in the hallway for a couple minutes after she had turned the corner back into the building, probably heading to the main entrance, much closer to the parking lot, much closer to the street. Overall, he thought that had gone fairly well. /.../.../ /.../.../ /.../.../ AN: I was actually really out of the groove when I was writing this chapter, but it's probably less of a non sequitur than the last one, no matter how much I love German. Also, to everyone who doesn't ship Eugene and Irene (which I think is everyone?): Sorry...I ship what I ship, and for now this ship is sailing. Eugene and Irene are a pair of cuties, but who knows if they'll stick together? Anyway, this isn't a romance fic, so maybe they will, maybe they won't-It won't become the most important part of the plot unless that's the way you choose to look at it. To anyone who does ship Eugene and Irene (is anyone out there?): As far as I know there is no fic of this out there. You should write one. For me. Reviews are always much appreciated.[Chapter 7] Gattaca wasn't the only place Vincent ever applied to for work. Obviously getting a job there was his first choice, his dream—there was a reason he'd stuck there as a janitor for years, and the fact that he was unlikely to get any jobs that paid better elsewhere was only a small part of it. He still got a kick out of the fact that as part of the staff, he could watch the launches go up every day for free. People had to pay to get tours of this place. He got paid to hang around it instead. So Gattaca was the place he had his heart set on, the place where he could already picture himself sitting at one of the desks or climbing onto a launch. But he did apply to other places, places with slightly lower standards, places that were less involved with space travel but still involved tangentially. He figured if he could get an in, there was always a chance Gattaca would be more likely to hire him further down the line. One such place was McGowan University—not that he thought he could work there as a professor, but there was incredible research being done there in the field of spacecraft and astrophysics. He'd applied there for a job as an assistant almost a month ago, and although he had been calling them once a week to make sure his application was still making the rounds, no bite. No bite, that is, until Tuesday night. Tuesday night he was at his trashy apartment, rereading a memoir of a famous astronaut, when the call came on the landline (he couldn't afford a cell phone with a janitor's salary). He picked up, figuring it would be a telemarketer. No one really called him. His friends at work were just that—work friends—and he'd cut ties with his family years ago. The best he could hope for was Caesar telling him he had to work an extra shift. At least then it would be someone he knew. \"Hello?\" \"Hello, am I speaking to Vincent Freeman?\" \"Yes,\" Vincent said. Pretty much definitely a telemarketer then. He didn't recognize the voice. \"This is Chad Michaels from McGowan University. You applied for work here as a laboratory assistant a month and a half ago, am I correct?\" Vincent straightened his posture, even aware that the caller couldn't see him. It was the first time the university had called him, although he'd called them at least seven times already. This was either very good or very bad. \"Yes, I did.\" \"Would you still be interested in the position?\" \"Yes,\" Vincent said. \"I would.\" \"Good. Well, you'll be interviewing with me then. Are you free Thursday at two o'clock?\" Of course he wasn't. He had work all day Thursday. That didn't matter. Certainly he wasn't going to argue about something as simple as time. \"Yes, I'm free.\" \"Come to the Human Resources Department and ask for Chad Michaels. I look forward to meeting you. My team says you've been very persistent.\" \"Working at McGowan would mean a lot to me.\" \"Well, that's exactly what we like to hear from a prospective employee. I'll see you on Thursday.\" Vincent barely got any sleep that night. He couldn't stop thinking over the phone call. He hadn't said anything embarrassing, at least. And he was sure he could finagle a way out of work on Thursday. But it had been months since he'd last had a job interview, and he had the jitters. He'd have to review his notes on how to interview properly tomorrow, as well as his notes on this particular job. Generally he thought he did fairly well at interviews. But he had to do better than fairly well, had to do well enough to impress the fact that he was more than his genes upon the interviewer. At McGowan University, though, he might have a chance. They were known for being strongly anti-genoist and were known to accept students regardless of genetic deficiencies, sexual orientation, gender or race. A good reputation both in their field of research and as a place of education. It wouldn't even be close to working at Gattaca if he got the job, of course. They were considerably further down the ladder. And he knew he would miss being able to watch the launches every day, being able to dream. But there would be more to his life than dreaming. He had determined that the first time he interviewed at Gattaca. Caesar, as he expected, was willing to give him Thursday off, though he did roll his eyes and rant about the short notice. Still, he gave Vincent a thumbs up. \"That's what determination gets you, kid. An interview at a real job. Someday soon you're going to be joining the elite, eh?\" Vincent could tell by his tone that he didn't completely believe what he was saying. Still, he meant well. So Vincent smiled and said, \"Not quite yet, but this job would be a step.\" \"If they ask you for a reference, I'll be glad to put in a word,\" Caesar said. \"You're already on the application and the resume.\" Caesar nodded. \"Good. Well, I'm sure you'll do fine at the interview. But you better work hard today and Friday. Taking a day off with only a day's notice. Psh.\" Caesar might have remained conservative with his optimism, but Vincent's other co-workers, when they heard the news, were considerably more vocal. \"McGowan's been doing some serious research these days,\" Tina said. \"They say they might be able to send up a satellite independently from Gattaca sometime soon. Pretty big deal.\" Vincent nodded noncommittally. For a college research program it was a big deal. Compared to Gattaca, where they sent up three launches a day, it didn't seem like much. But who was he to get picky? \"Who cares about their research?\" Miguel said. \"Miguel!\" Tina said, giving him a disapproving look. Miguel shook his head. \"Hey, I'm not saying anything against McGowan. I'm sure they're ace. But who cares? As long as you get out of this dump…\" \"Gattaca is hardly a dump,\" Vincent said. \"Sure. We get to be part of something bigger. It's great,\" Miguel said. \"Come on guys. We're mopping the floors. I'm just saying, you get a nice job like lab assistant, you take it no matter who's offering.\" \"I don't have the job yet,\" Vincent said. \"And with my luck, don't get your hopes up.\" \"You don't need luck. You've got guts,\" Miguel said. \"An interview for a lab assistant position! Lord.\" Vincent didn't listen too much to them, of course. Miguel would get excited over anything and Tina might just be being nice. The thing was, a lot of what they said was true. The position McGowan was offering was good, and it would look good on a resume later on. Being a janitor at Gattaca…well, it was a way to pay the bills. But there was no way he'd let himself get stuck here like Janine or Caesar, even if there were some things about the place he'd miss. He made a point of finding Eugene at the end of the day and telling him about the possible job offer, although he wasn't sure why. Perhaps because he knew Eugene would have a level head about it. The man worked at Gattaca, after all. He wouldn't be wowed at the idea of any position that didn't involve cleaning bathrooms, and he'd know what getting a good job took. If Eugene thought he was getting overexcited, he was getting overexcited. If Eugene thought he had a chance, well, maybe he had a chance. Eugene listened silently to the whole story (it was a short story, but Vincent stretched it out a bit) with an intent look on his face. When Vincent was done he nodded and said, \"Sounds good.\" \"Yeah,\" Vincent said. \"I'm pretty excited.\" \"One step towards the sky, right?\" Eugene said. \"Your dream.\" He smiled. \"I'm happy for you.\" Vincent blushed. \"Thanks.\" He bit his lip. \"Do you think I have a chance, though?\" Eugene pondered the matter for a moment. \"Well, your resume's not spectacular, but I'm sure all the people you've worked for will say you're a hard worker. And you have worked at Gattaca, so that's a point in your favor. And you know the material.\" \"I got a degree in astrophysics online,\" Vincent said. \"Not a famous program or anything, but it's accredited.\" Eugene nodded. \"You probably know more than me. I learned some physics and engineering in college, but my major was computer science and I was more focused on swimming than any of that.\" Vincent shifted awkwardly. \"Well, you're a genius.\" \"So Director Josef says.\" Eugene sighed, then refocused. \"I think your chances are decent. It's not like you're applying for an upper level position. Just a job as an assistant.\" \"Thanks,\" Vincent said. \"What for?\" Eugene asked. Vincent shrugged. \"I don't know.\" He hadn't thanked Tina or Miguel for believing in him, but somehow he felt the need to thank Eugene. Perhaps because on some level he still thought of Eugene as a member of the elite, rather than simply as a friend. Eugene laughed. \"I almost hope you don't get the job.\" \"Excuse me?\" \"Sorry. Things will be boring without you,\" Eugene said. \"Although I think I made a friend the other day.\" \"Oh?\" \"Irene Cassini,\" Eugene said. \"Know anything about her?\" \"Not a ton,\" Vincent said neutrally. So Eugene was making friends with some of his co-workers. Finally. Perhaps that would stop the rumor mill from calling him antisocial. Perhaps it would stop Eugene from actually being antisocial and get him to mellow out. \"Actually I have a hot date tonight,\" Eugene said with a grin. \"Good for you,\" Vincent said. \"I hope you have fun.\" \"And I hope you do well on your job interview. We'll have to exchange stories Friday,\" Eugene said. With that, they parted. Vincent could still feel a grin stretched over his own face. Things were looking up every which way, and he had a good feeling about tomorrow. A good feeling about life in general, even if for the first time in months he was going to miss out on watching the Thursday launches. /…/…/ Irene had insisted on driving tonight, so Eugene met her in the parking lot after work. She helped him into the car and they folded up his wheelchair and placed it in the back seat. From there, they drove straight to the restaurant, a small Italian place that Eugene had visited several times before. He had come a couple times since breaking his back, so the staff no longer stared at his wheelchair as much when they thought he wasn't looking, now able to take it in stride. They also had excellent lasagna, which was what he ordered every time. Irene ordered the same. \"Do you like lasagna?\" Eugene asked. Irene shrugged. \"Sometimes. You said it was good.\" \"So you're just stroking my ego,\" Eugene said, raising his eyebrows. \"You're a little bit paranoid, you know?\" Irene said. \"Is there anything else on the menu you would suggest instead?\" \"See, it shouldn't matter what I would suggest,\" Eugene said. \"It's not like I'm some kind of connoisseur.\" She gave him a skeptical look. \"Fine. I'll admit it—I'm a connoisseur. But, you know. Order what you like.\" \"I just did,\" Irene said. Eugene said, \"Oh.\" It was probably rude to keep talking about it. \"Well, good.\" Irene smiled lightly. \"You're nervous, aren't you?\" \"Of course not,\" Eugene said. \"Me, nervous? Never. I'm sure you'll love the lasagna.\" He grinned even more brightly, but Irene only shook her head. \"They call you stoic around the office, you know,\" she said. \"Not so much since the drunk incident, but before. Still a little bit.\" She shook her head. \"You really are nervous.\" \"Maybe a bit,\" Eugene said. \"Take it as a compliment.\" \"How long has it been since your last date?\" Irene asked. Eugene had to think it over for a minute. His last date…It would have to be that time he went out for drinks with Alex, although Alex had been a lot more into that than he had. That probably still counted—Alex had definitely tried to kiss him, even if Eugene had initially thought it was just getting drinks with a friend. So, a date. The last time he had a date he had enjoyed was too long ago to bother thinking about. \"Four years,\" he said, finally. Irene stared at him. \"What?\" he said. \"I've been busy.\" \"You were in the Olympics only three years ago,\" Irene said. \"You got a silver medal. There must have been girls throwing themselves at you.\" Eugene winced. There had been more than one, certainly. \"Yes, well, in the circles I ran in, there were plenty of men like me. It didn't take long for them to move on.\" \"Men like you?\" \"Valid, rich, intelligent. Devilishly handsome.\" He winked at her. \"I'm sure you know the type.\" \"You forgot to mention arrogant,\" she said. \"And yes. I do know the type.\" Judging by her expression (and by her workplace), Eugene was sure she had gone out with more than a few of them in her time. No wonder, really. She was a certain type as well. Also valid, rich and intelligent, and beautiful as well. She would be a smart match for any valid with high standards for his women, and enticing enough to anyone else. Perhaps his attraction to her meant that he was the same as them. He found he didn't particularly care. There was plenty about her to like. \"So?\" Irene asked. \"You thought the women after you were too shallow?\" Yes. No. Maybe? \"They were very attracted to the fact that I was an Olympic athlete with a lot of money,\" Eugene said. \"And you couldn't even give them a chance?\" Eugene shrugged. \"They had high expectations. I probably could have met them, but…\" He shrugged. He had been dealing with enough expectations without having to live up to the expectations of a romantic partner. \"I was busy training, at first. I was very focused.\" He had forced himself to be focused, beyond even what his coach had considered healthy. It might not have been good for his body but it kept his mind quiet. \"And after the Olympics, I suppose it was one thing after another.\" And by that he meant it had been a media circus and then alcoholism and then attempted suicide. But that wasn't something to talk about on your first date. Or possibly ever. \"You're a workaholic,\" Irene said. More like an alcoholic, but sure. Eugene said, \"How long has it been for you, then?\" \"One week,\" Irene said. \"Don't look so surprised. It's normal to go on dates fairly often at Gattaca, you know. Once the girls find out you're available you may find yourself with some offers as well.\" \"I was surprised it had been a whole week,\" Eugene said. \"You said you were busy last night, didn't you?\" \"With a friend,\" Irene said. \"You didn't think I had dates every night, did you?\" Eugene said, \"Maybe.\" \"Funny.\" The lasagna, when it came, was as good as Eugene remembered. He didn't drink any wine with dinner, although Irene drank a little, promising not to get too drunk to drive. She didn't mind, probably because she remembered what a fool he'd made of himself the last time he'd been drinking. Their conversation wandered this way and that. He asked about what she did in her free time (reading, bird watching, hiking, and self defense classes lately) and she asked him the same (reading, and…well, lately that was about it, but she didn't make fun of him for it). She told him about the companies where she'd worked before Gattaca—only a few, her skills had led her to be hired after just a few years, but refrained from asking him about the Olympics. Probably could guess that in many ways it was a sore subject. They had fun mocking Director Josef, who had been riding Irene's back lately on a project. Irene also told him a good deal of office gossip that he had been missing out on by not being connected to the grape vine. A lot of drama, but not more than he would have expected. \"Pretty tame,\" he told her. She gave him a look. \"Well, it's not like we have a lot of murders.\" \"Olympic gossip is more exciting,\" he said. \"All you Gattaca workers are so well behaved.\" He shook his head. \"Oh well. I'm sure it'll all explode eventually and it'll be very fun to watch.\" \"It's because of remarks like that that everybody says you hate working for Gattaca.\" Eugene bit his lip. \"It's nothing personal.\" \"Nothing personal but you'd love to see everyone at Gattaca go to Hell,\" Irene said. \"Not everyone,\" he insisted. \"Mhm,\" Irene said. \"You know, some of us are quite nice. You should be more social.\" \"I'll try.\" \"I'm holding you to it.\" Eugene was fairly certain no one in the world could compel him to join Gattaca's social circles, but he smiled, appreciating the thought. She was a surprisingly nice woman, though he wasn't sure why he was so surprised. And so the night trailed on one way and another, and she drove him home, dropped him off at his house. Before he went to bed he spared a thought for Vincent, whose job interview was the next day. Perhaps when Vincent was working at McGowan it would still be okay. Eugene would still have at least one friend at Gattaca, even if Irene and Vincent were nothing alike. /.../.../ /.../.../ /.../.../ AN: Sorry for the distance between updates. This chapter gave me a hard time because, basically, it's a happy chapter. Writing mostly happy chapters is difficult. And I was also working on a couple other things. Life is chaos. The shipping heats up between Irene and Eugene, and it looks like Vincent's luck is taking a turn for the better...Or is it? What do you think will happen next, or should happen next? Reviews would be much appreciated.[Chapter 8] When Vincent returned to work on Friday, Tina and Miguel were on him in minutes. \"So, genius?\" Miguel said. \"How about that lab assistant position? Interview go well?\" Vincent shrugged. \"Come on,\" Tina said. \"Give us some details.\" She pulled him over to a bench, ignoring the fact that they were also supposed to be working on the windows. \"I've never seen McGowan University. Is it as fancy as Gattaca?\" \"Not quite.\" Miguel snorted. \"I bet it's not as clean.\" \"Nope.\" \"But how about the interview?\" Tina asked. \"I think you said it was with Chad Michaels. He's supposedly pretty high up.\" \"Tina did some research,\" Miguel said. Tina elbowed him in the ribs and he laughed. \"I think the interview went pretty well,\" Vincent said. \"I didn't have much on my resume, so I couldn't say much about past experiences. But there weren't too many questions about that.\" \"Well, these days it's all about qualifications,\" Tina said wisely. \"You have your degree, so why should they care about experience?\" Vincent shrugged again. It had been pretty weird, honestly. He'd known that was the greatest weakness on his application—he'd worked at Gattaca and done his job well, but he was nowhere near an experienced physicist, even with a degree in astrophysics. He'd spent half the night beforehand coming up with ways to circumvent the question, ways to make his inexperience sound good. He'd printed out some of the emails he'd gotten rejecting him from various positions, the nicer ones that explained that the place simply wasn't hiring anymore, folded them up and kept them in the inside pocket of his coat. He'd been ready to argue, to defend himself as much as possible. But they'd only asked him a couple of questions about it before moving on. Well, Eugene had said that might happen. Perhaps his references and his degree did overshadow it. But he still had a sick feeling in his stomach that just wouldn't go away. \"They asked whether I had leadership skills, people skills, stuff like that.\" \"And?\" Miguel said. \"You totally do have leadership skills,\" Tina said. \"I mean, I can't think of any examples off the top of my head…\" \"You're an inspiration to us all,\" Miguel said firmly. \"Hey, did they ask about stuff like goals for the future? Or independent study of astrophysics? You'd have that covered.\" \"Yeah,\" Vincent said. \"Lots of questions like that. It was going pretty well. I think they liked me.\" \"So? That's good, right?\" Miguel said. \"Yeah.\" There was a moment of silence. \"So?\" Miguel said. \"So?\" Vincent said. \"You don't seem to be celebrating.\" Vincent sighed. \"Maybe I'm just being paranoid. McGowan has a really good track record with equal opportunity employment. It's probably nothing.\" Tina and Miguel exchanged looks. Tina raised an eyebrow. \"They asked for a drug test,\" Vincent said. Miguel whistled. \"What kind?\" Tina said. \"Piss test,\" Vincent said. \"Standard.\" He shrugged. \"At least I'm very efficient at those, if that's something they're looking for.\" \"It's probably just company policy,\" Tina said. \"Yep. A lot of companies have that policy.\" \"You said the interviewer seemed to like you,\" Miguel said. \"He did,\" Vincent said. \"He was very friendly.\" There was another long moment of silence. Vincent got to his feet. He'd checked in with Caesar earlier, conveyed the news as optimistically as possible, and got himself his cleaning supplies. There was nothing like manual labor to keep you from worrying about the future. It didn't work as well for Vincent now as it used to when he was first hired, but he figured it would at least be better than sitting around talking about it. \"It's probably nothing,\" Miguel said. \"Probably.\" \"Yeah,\" Tina said. \"You deserve this, Vincent. You have all the qualifications. You have passion. They have to hire you.\" \"We should be working,\" Vincent said. \"What will Caesar say if he comes around and sees us slacking?\" He grinned. \"I mean, he already hates me…\" Miguel sighed and headed off. Tina left too, but not before giving Vincent's shoulder a brief squeeze. It felt good. His back often felt oddly sore lately. Sometimes he wondered why valids got the intellectual jobs when their bodies were built so much better for labor, but he never thought about it for long. After all, it was close to admitting that valids could do something better than him, which was something he would never do. He cleaned the windows more meticulously than usual. No matter how he tried to focus on the job, he found himself caught between anticipation and dread. If he got the job, this might be one of the last times he ever washed a window. If he didn't get the job, he could well be stuck as a janitor forever. Like Caesar. But he shunted the latter thoughts to the back of his mind. Even if he didn't get the job, there was always another opportunity, he reminded himself. There was always another day. Sooner or later he would get a better position fair and square. And someday, someday… His gaze drifted out the window. There was a launch going up. He had forgotten to watch this time. During lunch break, he told the whole story over again to Eugene. This time the valid had actually been the one to come and find him, and he had actually asked about the interview. It was nice of him, Vincent supposed. He just wished he had better news to share. \"So it went pretty well,\" he finished. \"Except for the drug test.\" \"Hm,\" Eugene said, pursing his lips. \"I suppose a lot of companies do abuse drug tests these days. I'm pretty sure Gattaca does, actually.\" He gave a short laugh at that, although Vincent couldn't see anything particularly funny about it. \"I wouldn't have thought McGowan would hire based on genetics, though,\" Vincent said. \"They do have a good reputation.\" \"Excellent.\" Eugene shrugged. \"Well. Sometimes a drug test really is only a drug test.\" \"I guess so,\" Vincent said. \"It's hard to believe that, though.\" He leaned back against a wall. \"Besides that, my resume's kind of spotty.\" Eugene snorted. \"Like anyone cares about experience these days.\" Not exactly reassuring, since it only reminded Vincent of what they did care about. \"You'll have to wait and see,\" Eugene said after a moment of silence. \"Did they say when they were getting back to you?\" \"They said by the end of the week,\" Vincent said. \"Well then. I guess we'll know soon,\" Eugene said. \"Want to hear about my date with Irene?\" Vincent smiled. With a sigh, he let go of his tension. \"That would be nice.\" /…/…/ Irene didn't even wait to catch Eugene at the end of the day Friday. She stalked over to his desk and sat down on the edge of it, partly blocking his view of the computer. \"Afternoon,\" Eugene said. He considered some remark about hindering an important Gattaca physicist at work before brushing it aside—he had no energy for sarcasm, and Irene didn't really require it anyway. \"How's your day been, darling?\" \"Pet names already?\" Irene said. Before Eugene could answer, she added, \"Where were you at lunch, darling?\" \"Talking with a friend,\" Eugene said. \"Really now? You weren't just avoiding society?\" \"No.\" \"You weren't just avoiding me?\" Irene raised an eyebrow. \"Of course not,\" Eugene said. \"What? Did you expect me?\" \"Well, I was hoping you wouldn't go back to being a solitary clam,\" Irene said. \"I was optimistic.\" Eugene winced. \"My apologies. The clam tendencies are very strong in me. I was with a friend though.\" \"Vincent, right? You'll have to introduce me sometime.\" \"Certainly.\" He put forth a vague effort to be more sociable for the rest of the day. Results were surprisingly good—most of the people he tried to talk to seemed slightly shocked that he was actually talking to them, but still willing to talk. One of them invited him to have drinks with a couple other guys after work, but here Eugene drew the line. He suspected they just wanted to get him drunk again for their own entertainment, and either way he had no particular desire to become one with Gattaca's elite social circles. He doubted they even frequented the more interesting bars of the city. Probably they'd consider such places too dirty. Over the weekend, of course, he talked to absolutely no one, but he read a recent magazine, so he was technically still in touch with the world. He continued his half hearted attempts at socializing the next week. They bore fruit on occasion, to his disappointment—he ended up stuck in more than one long conversation, and even got to know, of all people, Thompson. Probably the stuffiest, most straitlaced person in the department, and Eugene somehow ended up chatting with him for an entire lunch. He was thoroughly disappointed in himself. Irene seemed to be pleased though. They didn't go out again this week (Eugene did ask her, but she was yet again mysteriously busy) but he found himself running into her time and again, and she always smiled at him. A half smile, a smile not entirely sure of itself, but still more real than anything her other coworkers had wrung out of her, at least in Eugene's sight. So basically he was winning. He saw very little of Vincent that week, probably because of how busy socializing with his supposed equals kept him. But he did finally run into Vincent again on Thursday, and he was quite glad of it. \"I've become a person who associates with Thompson,\" he told Vincent irritably. \"Thompson! Do you even know who that is?\" \"No,\" Vincent said. \"No, I don't.\" They were sitting in the lobby now, watching yet another launch go up. It was somewhat relaxing. \"He's an idiot, is what he is,\" Eugene said. \"He wears bowties. I swear if I am forced to endure another conversation with that twit…\" He trailed off. Vincent seemed unfocused. \"Is something wrong?\" Vincent cleared his throat. \"I heard back from McGowan yesterday.\" For some reason, Eugene had completely forgotten about that. Stupid. His one friend in this place (except Irene, and he wasn't sure he saw her as a friend, exactly) and he couldn't even keep track of even the simplest things. It had been so easy to forget about Vincent's job interview, to forget that his best friend at Gattaca might well be leaving within weeks. Leaving Eugene in the lurch. He'd rather wanted to forget about it. Still, as a friend it should have been the first thing he'd asked about. At least he could make up for it now. \"So? Did you get the job?\" \"No.\" Eugene blinked. It was a moment of dissonance. One of those moments when you're completely ready for what you know will happen next—a professor calling your name for attendance in college, the announcer telling you you'd won the men's four hundred meter freestyle. And then instead, you get something else. He bit off the congratulations that had already been on the tip of his tongue and instead said, \"Excuse me?\" \"I didn't get the job, Eugene,\" Vincent said. \"Is that so hard to believe?\" Eugene blinked again. The taste of dissonance still strong in the back of his throat, he said, \"I thought you said they liked you.\" \"Well, they didn't like me enough.\" \"Don't be ridiculous,\" Eugene said. \"Why wouldn't they hire you? You're very likeable. You're a hard worker. I mean, they can't think you'd slack off—you've been working as a janitor for years. You have the degree. It can't be the experience, no one gives a shit about experience…\" \"It was bad luck,\" Vincent said. \"Did you have good references?\" Eugene asked. \"A lot of it can be about who you know. You could use me as a reference if you want. I could talk you up. We could probably talk Director Josef into giving you a reference too, although he's a bloody snob.\" Vincent let out a huff of laughter. \"Director Josef is never going to give a reference to a janitor.\" \"I'll talk to him. Or I'll call McGowan if you prefer.\" His name wasn't as well known as it had been three years ago, but combined with his family's status it still had a certain sway, and he was fairly certain he had a couple connections who had connections with McGowan, if worse came to worst. \"Eugene,\" Vincent said. \"It's over.\" \"Nothing's over until you say it's over,\" Eugene said. He'd thought Vincent was ambitious. \"Yeah, well, maybe for you,\" Vincent said. \"You're Jerome Morrow.\" \"As if there's anything particularly important about that.\" \"Well, there's kind of a difference between an Olympic athlete and a faith birth,\" Vincent said. Seeing Eugene fall silent, he added, \"Look, I don't blame you. I'd love to be valid too.\" \"You're thinking about the drug test,\" Eugene said. \"DNA test would be more accurate.\" \"It wasn't necessarily that.\" \"Yeah, maybe it's just a coincidence that this has happened the last fifty times I've applied for a job beyond manual labor,\" Vincent said. \"Sounds pretty likely to me.\" \"Unauthorized DNA tests are illegal for screening employees,\" Eugene said. \"If you really think that's what this is, there are people we can go to.\" \"Maybe it is, maybe it isn't,\" Vincent said. \"You wouldn't have to scan my genome to know I'm an invalid, Eugene. It's all over my file.\" Eugene took a deep breath and let it out again. Of course it would be. Valids didn't work as janitors and maintenance workers for years on end. Even when their life was in a rut and they had no job experience and they were drunk half the time. No, they landed cushy jobs at places like Gattaca and everyone looked the other way when they showed the parts of themselves that were just a little bit unstable. \"It's not over until you say it's over,\" he repeated, looking Vincent in the eyes. \"You make it sound like I've given up,\" Vincent said. \"I haven't. Just not McGowan. Not this time.\" He turned away. \"I should probably get back to work.\" Eugene cursed quietly as he watched Vincent walk away. He felt distinctly as if he were the one who had failed to get the job, even though that was clearly Vincent's tragedy, not his. Still, he could see Vincent's future as clearly before his eyes as if he were watching a film. There would be another interview, of course, and another interview after that, and another and another and another. He would fuel himself with futile dreams for years, maybe decades, always smiling the same resolute smile, never ceasing to watch the launches. He would work his fingers bloody day after day after day, make idle chit-chat with the other janitors, pretend that cleaning the floors was another step towards his dream. And someday he would quietly die of a heart attack, and Gattaca would hire another janitor in his place. Eugene's fists clenched. It wasn't fair. Of course, the world wasn't fair—Eugene knew that much full well, although he was generally the one to reap the benefits of its injustice. His life was written out in as firm a hand as Vincent's: that he would work a white collar job for most of his life, act as if his achievements actually meant something and hobnob with people as bored and boring as himself. He doubted Vincent would have liked Eugene's life either. Even with both their lives mixed, things still came out pretty dim. At home that night, he found the human resources department of McGowan University in the phonebook. He spent about an hour writing out a speech that he would give. Condescending, self righteous, fiery. He would demand they explain why they had refused to hire Vincent. He would demand the universe to bend to his thoroughly valid will. He spent another twenty minutes hovering over the phone before crumpling the piece of paper with his idiotic speech. Swearing again, he flipped through his personal phone book until he found the number he had never quite gotten up the courage to cross out. He dialed before he could think better of it. One ring. Two rings. Three rings. Click. \"Hello?\" \"It's Jerome Morrow. Is this German?\" /.../.../ /.../.../ /.../.../ AN: To those of you who thought Vincent was actually going to get the job: Ahahahahahahahaha. Ha. Gattaca world don't work like that. To those of you who wanted a new chapter, like, a couple weeks ago, sorry. I've been wandering in other fandoms...and then of course there's always college. I'm a busy, busy woman. But you have a chapter now, so reviews would be much appreciated![Chapter 9] German wanted to talk in person. Logically, Eugene knew that was a good thing. It meant German was taking his proposition seriously, meant that he would have a better chance of selling it. It was a good thing. He really hadn't wanted to see German again anytime soon. But it was Friday evening and German showed up in his flat again, though this time he consented to enter in the back way, which Eugene could open for him, instead of breaking in the front way. He had an indulgent look in his eyes when Eugene opened the door and waved him in, which Eugene elected to ignore. He also still had a conspicuous bulge in his coat pocket, which Eugene ignored as well—though that was a bit harder. \"I never thought I'd see the day Jerome Morrow would invite me into his house,\" he said, sitting down on the comfortable lounge chair that was usually Eugene's seat of choice. \"Especially not after the way you greeted me last time. You were very mean.\" \"This isn't about that,\" Eugene said. \"Mm,\" German said. \"You said so on the phone. But you still called me.\" \"It's about a friend.\" German leaned forward. \"Yes, of course. I'm always interested in new clients. Have to admit, I didn't think you'd end up being that kind of connection. Have you been making friends now? That's good.\" As if Irene being concerned about his social life wasn't enough. Eugene scowled. He wheeled himself closer to German's chair. \"My friends are none of your business.\" \"Except this one, who you want to be my business,\" German said. \"Is he trustworthy?\" \"Absolutely.\" \"He can keep his mouth shut?\" Was Vincent good at keeping secrets? Eugene had no idea. They talked about philosophy and gossip, sure, but that didn't mean he had some sort of chart of Vincent's talents. The man knew his physics and astronomy and could clean windows—that much he knew. \"Of course,\" he said in the most offended voice he could manage. German looked skeptical. \"I'll have to meet him myself. I'm sure you think you know character, but you understand I'm not in a position where I can trust just anyone.\" He leaned forward and rested a hand on Eugene's shoulder. He could do that, even sitting in a lounge chair. Eugene stiffened. \"Vincent will do fine,\" he said. \"He's very intelligent and he'll be willing to do whatever you want, I'm sure.\" \"You're sure.\" Eugene nodded. German leaned back. Taking his hand off Eugene's shoulder, thank God. \"A man working at Gattaca is a difficult proposition, you understand. I'm sure his genetics are top notch—they recruit more rigorously than I do, even—but Gattaca's a very specialized line. A hiring company might be curious why he'd leave that kind of position and take up something so different. People in the same area probably already know what he look like…whole field's practically incestuous with how they all know each other…of course, I was willing to do it for you, but for someone else…these things are tricky.\" Eugene smiled. \"That shouldn't be a problem.\" \"Won't it?\" Eugene very much wished he had a cigarette out. He'd left his pack in the other room. \"You see, he's not a professional in the field yet. He's a janitor.\" German stared at him. Eugene continued to smile. Tightly. \"So you're saying your friend is an invalid?\" \"A faith birth, yes,\" Eugene said. \"But he's fully functioning. He could pretend to be a valid easily. Very intelligent, a great intellect, and his body…\" \"You're telling me you brought me out here to talk to me about an invalid?\" German repeated. Eugene crossed his arms. \"I understood invalids were half your clientele.\" \"Yeah, half of the people I serve are invalids, sure. And I have three invalids waiting for an opening for every valid I know,\" German said. \"You brought me here for an invalid?\" \"I would have been willing to discuss the matter on the phone.\" \"You didn't mention a faith birth on the phone.\" No, he hadn't. He'd hoped the conversation would go like this, but he'd suspected otherwise. Another reason it was good that German was here in person. Though it didn't feel good, with German's cold, incredulous eyes boring into him, and that bulge still in his jacket pocket. He didn't want to make German too frustrated. Only because he needed the man on his side for Vincent, he reminded himself. There could be no other reason than that. Jerome Eugene Morrow was afraid of no one. \"I mentioned a friend could use your services,\" he said. \"I don't believe I mentioned a valid friend either.\" \"Yeah,\" German said. \"I guess you didn't. But you knew what I thought, and you let me come out here anyways.\" \"He requires your services and I would like to recommend him to you,\" Eugene said. \"That's your business, isn't it?\" German reached into his coat pocket. Eugene tensed, but he only pulled out a box of cigarettes, from which he extracted one slender cigarette which he placed in his mouth. He took his time lighting it and blowing out the first puff of smoke. Trying to stay patient, maybe. Eugene bit his lip. It didn't matter whether he agreed to the deal or not, he reminded himself. Not to Eugene personally. Vincent's professional difficulties were nothing to Eugene really, even if he was trying to do a charitable thing and give the man a hand. Although he doubted most people would count illegal connections as charitable contributions. As the smoke gathered in a small cloud in the air, German finally spoke again. \"So you called me to talk about this invalid of yours.\" \"Yes.\" \"Because he's your friend.\" \"Yes.\" It still felt odd to use the word, but it was true. \"I like you, Jerome,\" German said. \"I told you last time. You aren't a snob, no matter how much you act like one. An invalid friend, huh?\" He let out another puff of smoke. \"Okay. What's he worth?\" \"What?\" \"What's it worth to you?\" German said. \"He was worth calling me up, wasn't he? Well, there are an awful lot of invalids out there begging for my help and I can't help all of them. You're a nice guy, great reference, but you don't understand the demand for my services. It's high, Jerome. Demand for guys like you, not faith births.\" He removed the cigarette from his mouth, holding it between two fingers. \"So. Make it worth my while.\" \"He wants a job at Gattaca,\" Eugene said. \"Not for the money. For the job itself. I'm sure he'd be willing to pay a large amount of his salary, depending on what the donor agreed to.\" \"So would anyone,\" German said. \"Between you and me, invalids don't know business. What else?\" Eugene shook his head. \"If you'll meet with him, I'm sure you can work something out.\" \"Really?\" German said. \"What, is he loaded?\" \"If you get him the job…\" \"I get anyone a job, they'll have money,\" German said. \"He's a janitor. He can't pay me. Not right now. Demand isn't high for janitors, Jerome. It's very high for valids with good genes, high IQs and excellent reputations. So let me ask you again. What is this friend worth to you?\" Eugene leaned back in his wheelchair. German leaned back as well, his cigarette back in his mouth. The smoke continued to accumulate. Eugene wished the nicotine hit were good enough secondhand to steady his nerves. Not so much. \"I'm not selling you my body,\" he finally said. German raised an eyebrow. And of course that was what he wanted. It was all he'd ever wanted, every time they'd talked. It had been stupid to go to him, but Eugene had been a little bit off his game, and he'd been willing to hope that maybe he could make him see reason. That maybe German meant at least a little bit of what he said about wanting to help people. \"I'm not,\" Eugene repeated. He wheeled himself back, slightly. \"This is a different piece of business. I have no interest in that.\" \"And yet, you called me,\" German said. \"For a friend.\" \"I told you to call me if you changed your mind, and you called me,\" German said. He crossed his legs. \"I'm not the one who brought it up, Jerome.\" \"You implied.\" \"I implied nothing,\" German said. \"But if that's what it's worth to you…\" \"It's not.\" \"It was the first thing you thought of.\" \"It's the only thing you want!\" German sighed and shook his head. \"You make it sound like I'm obsessed. Look, Morrow. I'm interested in business. Good business. A valid like you is good business. A guy like this Victor isn't.\" \"Vincent,\" Eugene said. \"Who cares?\" German uncrossed his legs. \"Look, if that's what it's worth to you—if you'd be willing to lend your ladder in exchange for this guy getting to borrow someone else's—I wouldn't turn you down. I'd charge your friend the same fees as normal, charge you maybe a little less. I like you, Jerome. I'd be willing to do it as a favor.\" \"No.\" \"And why not?\" \"You know why not.\" \"You clearly agree that this is a valuable service,\" German said. \"You want me to help your friend. It's only fair to help someone else out in exchange. Like karma.\" \"No.\" A slight pause. German got to his feet. \"Fine. I understand.\" His voice was quiet, smooth. \"You're afraid. You don't want to lose your identity. You worry that without your genes, you're nothing. They're all you've ever been.\" Eugene's jaw clenched. Don't yell, don't yell, don't yell. Keep your mouth shut. For Vincent. \"If you care about your friend, you'll do what you have to,\" German continued. \"You'll see in time that it will make you happier too.\" He walked to the stairs. \"I'll let myself out, hm?\" Eugene smiled bitterly. \"Go ahead. It's clear you don't actually want to help.\" \"I do want to help you, Jerome,\" German said. \"You just don't know how to help yourself. When you figure it out, call me. But not until you have a better offer than this.\" /…/…/ Over the weekend, Vincent tried to forget about the interview. He tried to forget that McGowan had been considering hiring him in the first place. Difficult when it had been just about all he'd been thinking about for the past week and a half. Work on Monday was just depressing. Bad enough on Friday, when he'd only had to get through the day. But on Monday he couldn't stop thinking about how he'd have to come back in to work every day that week, and every week that year (janitors got very limited vacation time) and every year for the rest of his life stretching far out into the future unless something changed pretty majorly. And at this rate, that kind of change didn't seem all that likely. Tina and Miguel were overly cheerful, clearly trying to distract him from his gloom. Tina even suggested that they all go watch a movie this evening, even though they rarely hung out together outside of work. Vincent agreed to make her happy, and it did cheer him up a bit. Still, on Tuesday he was still in something of a funk. He hummed as he worked on his window cleaning and thought about what other places he could apply to, anything so he wouldn't think about his recent failure. He got off work a bit early that day, and would have been happy to go home and probably just go to bed, except he was intercepted on his way out by a voice. \"Vincent.\" The voice was unfamiliar and nothing like Eugene's but still, as he turned, Vincent half expected to find himself facing an annoyed Brit in a wheelchair. Instead, he found a woman, young and blonde and thin, her hair tied back in a tidy bun and her makeup prim but subdued. Her facial expression was equally neutral. \"I'm sorry,\" Vincent said. \"Did you speak to me?\" The woman extended a hand. Her fingers were long and well manicured and golden-skinned. He had no idea why a woman like this would be accosting a janitor. \"My name is Irene Cassini. I believe you are Vincent Freeman.\" And apparently she actually wanted to shake hands with him. He reached forward and hesitantly clasped her hand, while with his other hand he tried to smooth his wild hair down a little. No luck. Well, it wasn't as if he'd be impressing a woman this beautiful anyway, especially if she was a Gattaca employee—it might be his dream to be one of them, but even he wasn't blind to their snobbery. \"That's me,\" he said. \"Have we met?\" \"No,\" she said. \"I looked your name up in the system. Found your picture. I wanted to talk to you.\" Vincent flushed. \"It's, um. It's not a very good picture.\" As if he looked much better in person, after a long day's work. Irene ignored the comment. \"You know a friend of mine.\" \"I do?\" Of course. He'd known something was familiar about her name. \"You mean Eugene.\" A single thin blond eyebrow raised in question. \"Eugene?\" Irene said. \"I mean, Jerome Morrow,\" Vincent corrected himself. Most people seemed to call Eugene that after all (and it was a far better name, honestly—that idiot). \"Sorry. I call him Eugene. I meant Jerome.\" \"Ah. Yes,\" Irene said. \"I wanted to talk to you about Jerome.\" \"Well.\" At least it had nothing to do with the interview. It would be a good distraction, especially since he hadn't actually seen Eugene in a few days. Not since he told him the bad news and Eugene barely accepted it. He wondered if things would be tense the next time they talked. He cleared his throat. \"Do you want to go somewhere? We're closing up here.\" Even if they weren't, the halls of Gattaca were no place to talk, honestly. Even if they were where he spoke to Eugene, that was only because of happenstance. If his co-workers saw him talking to a pretty physicist they would gossip for days. All right, he might have been slightly motivated by the fact that she was, in fact, very pretty. \"There's a nice café just down the street,\" he added hopefully. Irene nodded. \"That might be good.\" They took her car, even though it was just a block. Vincent, who usually took the train, was impressed. A nice car, too, with the top rolled down and fresh, unscratched paint. Compact—not big and showy like some of the men who worked here—but still very chic, very nice. Definitely more than he'd ever be able to afford. Probably more than even Caesar could afford, honestly. But at the café, when he offered to pay for coffee for both of them, she didn't object. That didn't make it a date, of course. They were there to talk about Eugene, and Vincent was pretty sure she and Eugene were, if not dating, still pretty close to it. Still, it made it…something. It made Vincent irrationally happy considering that was a good twenty dollars wasted on ridiculously expensive lattes. \"So,\" Vincent said. \"Jerome told you about me?\" He was well used to calling Eugene either Jerome or Morrow, although he did think it odd Eugene wouldn't have told Irene his name preferences. Maybe he was embarrassed. \"He mentioned you a couple times,\" Irene said. She hadn't tasted her coffee yet. \"He said he had a friend who was a janitor. That surprised me.\" Vincent laughed awkwardly. \"Not because of your job,\" Irene said hurriedly. \"Or not mostly. I suppose that did make it stranger. But he doesn't seem like the type to have any friends. He's rather cold.\" Vincent, who thought Irene seemed rather cold, said, \"Really?\" Irene raised an eyebrow. \"Yes. He barely talks to anyone.\" \"He's always seemed more the rude type to me,\" Vincent said. Well, at least when they first met each other. \"I mean, kind of antisocial? Or awkward I guess. He gets better when you get to know him. Somewhat.\" These days when they ran into each other, they tended to say less horribly offensive things and more casual chatter, along the lines of how Vincent would talk to Tina and Miguel except somehow different. Except for the other day, when Eugene had basically refused to admit that Vincent had to give up on McGowan. There had been something in Eugene's attitude then, something so oddly innocent it had almost made Vincent feel bad for him even though Vincent was the one with the bad news. Eugene acted cynical, but at the end of the day he, too, wanted to believe the world was better than it was. Which it wasn't. The world sucked. Irene had said something, and Vincent had missed it. \"I'm sorry, what did you say?\" he said. \"I guess I zoned out a little.\" He smiled sheepishly, pushing thoughts of Eugene's naiveté aside. \"I said, how long have you known him?\" \"I met him the day he arrived at Gattaca. I was the first person he met, actually,\" Vincent said. Unless you counted the people who had walked past him near the stairs, carefully ignoring his frustration. And who was going to count those jerks? \"Since then, we just sort of run into each other.\" \"I suppose he bowls you over too,\" Irene said. \"Huh?\" \"Nothing.\" Irene smiled. Her smile had something patently fake and bland about it. Vincent wasn't sure why that annoyed him so much—it had something to do with the coffee, somehow. \"Would you say you and he are close?\" Vincent shrugged. \"Maybe.\" \"He can be charming,\" Irene said. \"Only I think some of that is put on. Well, everyone acts a little at Gattaca. But he seems very uncomfortable. Even when he's only around me.\" She took a sip of coffee. \"I was wondering if he ever acted any differently around you.\" Vincent said, \"I suppose he seems comfortable sometimes. It's hard to tell.\" He mirrored her, sipping his coffee. \"He does seem distant occasionally, but he's friendly enough once you get to know him. And I'm pretty sure he likes you.\" \"Probably.\" Irene shook her head. \"I'm sorry. I didn't mean to ambush you. Only I think I might actually like him too.\" She smiled, and her smile was suddenly warm this time. \"Then he's lucky,\" Vincent said. Irene shrugged the compliment off. \"Only he's worrying. It's good to see that he really is friends with you, though. I half thought he'd made you up.\" \"Yeah. I'm real,\" Vincent said. \"Really very real. Have been my whole life.\" \"Are you sure?\" Irene said gravely. \"Well, you looked my records up, didn't you?\" Vincent said. \"Those don't lie. Unless, of course, I'm a degenerate.\" He winked. \"Lots of people would kill to have the genes for my position.\" He said it as a joke, but as he said it he thought it sounded a bit reminiscent of Eugene. Jerome Eugene Morrow, who hated everything about being a valid and a Gattaca physicist, would probably love to be a janitor instead. He did not mention this to Irene. /.../.../ /.../.../ /.../.../ AN: It's been a while since I've updated so if my writing style has changed at all or I broke continuity, sorry. I figured I'd gift an update before I head off into the Nanowrimo wars. German might be my favorite person in this fic. Vincent's section in this chapter is a bit less interesting, but it was about time he met Irene and I couldn't just leave him hanging. For a little while, the action's focusing on Eugene. (Like for basically the whole fic so far, but whatever. Don't judge.) What will Eugene do? How can he help Vincent? Will he sell German his soul (aka his valid genes)? Should he? Please review to let me know your opinions, and the update will come probably not soon but eventually.[Chapter 10] This was the problem about attempting a somewhat (read: very) illegal enterprise: When you started having doubts, when something went wrong, there was no one to talk to about it. Not that Eugene really had anyone to talk to anyways—not about things that actually mattered. Except, well, maybe he kind of did. Lately, at least. He avoided Vincent on Monday, and then again on Tuesday and again on Wednesday, even though towards the end of Wednesday he actually saw Vincent approaching him. He wheeled straight into a crowd at full speed, desperately weaving his way between awkward people and half knocking a couple over. He half expected that Vincent would catch up with him despite his best efforts, but no. He emerged on the other side of the crowd triumphant, the approaching janitor lost. He wasn't sure if he was relieved or disappointed. By the time he went home on Thursday, having not spoken to Vincent all week so far, he felt more stressed than he had since the Olympics, about ready to explode. Honestly, there was no reason for him not to talk to Vincent. Vincent didn't know that Eugene had tried to get him a…business connection…and failed. Vincent didn't know that Eugene had put his own selfish desire to keep his identity over helping Vincent achieve his dreams. Heck, even if Vincent did know that, Eugene doubted he would disapprove. It was one thing to try to help a friend out. It was another thing to give up your life for them. Vincent had certainly never asked for that. Only, the thought of facing Vincent as if nothing had happened, of speaking to him with the same easy enjoyment, the casual work friend again… Well, nothing had happened. But still. At the moment he met Vincent's eyes on Wednesday, bright with recognition and greeting, his body reacted without his even thinking. He had to run away. Stupid, of course. Stupid. Vincent was probably wondering why Eugene was avoiding him (if he ever bothered to think about Eugene when they weren't talking, that was). And he had never expected Eugene to do anything. It was all very stupid. But Eugene had never really been all that intelligent, genius IQ notwithstanding. Meanwhile, he had no one to talk to except his more valid coworkers. The only decent one among them being, of course, Irene. \"You skipped lunch again, Jerome,\" she said on Tuesday, stopping by his cubicle. She perched on the edge of his desk, feet not quite leaving the ground. One of her heels slipped out of her high heeled shoe, but it hung onto her toe. He forced his gaze up to meet her eyes, feeling the vague itch you always do when something hangs by a thread. \"I ate it in the lobby,\" he said. This was not true. He hadn't felt hungry today, had skipped his lunch, his breakfast as well. His stomach felt restless, but still not hungry. He'd brought in leftovers of last night's picked-over takeout, vaguely wanting to avoid the office cafeteria, but the thought of pork fried rice had little appeal. Not today. Irene said, \"Here I thought you were making so much progress.\" He smiled. \"Maybe I'm just hopeless. A leopard can't change its spots. An antisocial curmudgeonly swimmer…\" \"Can eat lunch with his coworkers and enjoy it,\" Irene said. \"If he's willing to give it a try.\" She met his eyes. \"You've been in an odd mood lately.\" \"I'm always in an odd mood.\" \"Odder.\" \"A compliment?\" Her lips turned up ever so slightly. At least he amused her. \"Would you care to get dinner Thursday?\" His stomach twisted at even the word dinner, not to mention the idea of being stuck making small talk with someone for probably more than an hour. Ridiculous. It had been fun last time. He blew out a breath. \"That sounds…good.\" \"Make nice to your coworkers and it's a date,\" Irene said, standing up from the desk. \"I'm always nice,\" Eugene called after her as she walked away, heels clicking on the tile floor. Which was not true, but it made her pause slightly before she continued walking. He made an effort to say a few words to Thompson that day. In his book, that was more than nice: that was saintly. The man was more boring than a phone book. The date on Thursday was not his typical, to the extent that he had a typical dating routine. Irene chose the restaurant for one, the privilege of the asker. A Chinese place. He didn't tell her that he got Chinese takeout far too often these days anyhow, and instead ordered himself sesame chicken and broccoli, slightly more expensive than the pork fried rice he'd had earlier in the week. And he tried to be interesting and put together and not a wreck. And he did not mention anything illegal. \"How's Josef lately?\" he asked her, sipping the complementary tea. He could have gone for something stronger—he'd been sipping a little vodka most nights to help him get to sleep, or at least red wine—but this place definitely had some nice flavor to it. And they said tea calmed the nerves. His nerves certainly needed calming. \"You mean the director? Well, he's awful,\" Irene said. \"He's given me twice the work load of anyone in my section and it's due Monday. I'll probably have to do some of it over the weekend.\" Eugene whistled. \"My condolences.\" \"But that's nothing new.\" \"Things can get old without getting any less annoying. At least he hasn't called me into his office again lately.\" Maybe he was finally realizing that Eugene was an employee at Gattaca, not a trophy. \"Praise the Lord,\" Irene said drily. Eugene laughed. He traded bits of food with Irene when it arrived. She had gotten herself some kind of savory beef dish, and she didn't want much of his sesame chicken, but she was willing to try. She ended up giving him more than she took, but when he protested, she told him he hadn't been eating enough. \"I've been eating plenty.\" \"Jerome,\" Irene said. \"You came to the cafeteria the past two days and you barely took a bite.\" She took a bite of beef herself as if to punctuate her point. \"It's not healthy.\" Her eyes on his face and throat as he chewed and swallowed were almost clinical, but there was a touch of warmth to them too. Then again, wasn't that how she always looked? He wasn't sure what he loved more: the prim serenity of her face and speech, or the little quirks of emotion whenever it broke. He was getting very used to them. She seemed so often to be pleased at talking to him, and he selfishly hoarded away every smile, every raised eyebrow, every time her eyes met his and softened, just a smidgen. He imagined her pupils dilating. He wasn't sure if they really did. \"Have you talked to Vincent again?\" He started. They'd been talking about innocuous things, and he'd barely been paying attention. He almost spilled his tea. How did she know? \"Vincent?\" \"Your janitor friend.\" He cleared his throat. \"No. I haven't seen him all week.\" Hadn't spoke to him, at least. \"Hm,\" Irene said. \"That's too bad. He seems like a good companion.\" She took a sip of tea. \"I met him the other day.\" \"Oh?\" That was…odd. He hadn't thought Vincent was the type to just start talking to random valids at Gattaca, and thought admittedly he'd done so with Eugene, Eugene had rather thought he was the only one. Was he actually just like that with everyone? \"Recognized him from your description,\" Irene said. \"Thought I'd introduce myself.\" Eugene tried to remember if he'd actually ever described Vincent, and failed. Too many conversations. \"Then what did you think of him?\" Irene shrugged. \"Well, you can hardly tell from one conversation.\" Eugene didn't narrow his eyes, but it was an effort. Something about her tone—well, she was always bland, but somehow he felt like she was holding back. He cleared his throat. \"You know, he wants to work at Gattaca.\" \"Doesn't he already?\" \"Yes, but a bit higher up.\" Eugene's mouth twisted at the pun. \"Dreams of the stars.\" \"I suppose that's a typical sort of dream.\" \"Is that why you decided to work here?\" Eugene asked. Irene said, \"I don't know. I guess I just sort of fell into it.\" As he would have guessed. Irene might have dreams, but she was no Vincent. No, whatever dreams she'd had, the world had long since torn them apart. That was why she was like Eugene. That was why they got along. \"It would be nice to dream of the stars,\" he said quietly. \"Don't you think?\" Irene said, \"They aren't going to hire him.\" She paused, and when Eugene didn't respond she said, \"You do know that?\" \"Yes, I know,\" Eugene said. They ate their dinner slowly and ended by opening their fortune cookies together. Irene's informed her that she should, \"Be a good friend and a fair enemy.\" Eugene's said, \"Never give up. Always find a reason to keep trying.\" Irene laughed lightly. \"Do you think I'm fair to Director Josef?\" \"If you were fair with him, you would have complained to administration,\" Eugene said. \"I suppose you'll have to make do with being a good friend.\" \"Are we good friends, Jerome?\" Irene said, her eyebrows raised. Serious or joking? \"The best,\" he said, taking a sip of his tea. \"As for me…do you think the cookies know I've been slacking at work?\" Irene's smile was a bit more neutral. \"Maybe.\" \"Well,\" Eugene said. \"I guess there's always one reason. My paycheck.\" He sighed. \"If I have to keep paying for dinners like this I really will need to get moving.\" \"I'm paying.\" \"No you're not.\" \"I asked you out, so I should be the one to pay. Unless you don't think…\" They argued over the check for a while and in the end Eugene let Irene pick it up, mostly because it made her look completely satisfied. Today, she even drove him home. She was someone to talk to, Eugene supposed. Not the same as Vincent but someone. Only whatever enjoyment he got from talking to her was mitigated by the fact that despite going out to dinner with her, despite discussing one thing and another all evening, he still hadn't managed to vomit up the one question he really wanted to ask. Which was: Would she miss him? If he decided to sell his identity to German and go underground, would she miss him? Was there any point to working at Gattaca instead? Was he doing the right thing? He wasn't sure she would have been honest with him if he had asked. And an honest answer to that question scared him more than anything in the world. /…/…/ On Friday, Eugene was deep into work, trying to actually focus, when a security guard tapped on his shoulder. He glanced up. Couldn't tell if the security guard was one of the ones he'd become acquainted with a few weeks ago—he'd been too drunk to remember much of the specifics and mostly his brain had just recorded them as buzzing flies—but the guard's face was fairly neutral, so at the very least he'd probably heard about it. \"Dr. Lamar would like to see you,\" the guard said. Eugene nodded. \"All right. Now?\" Yes, now. Fine, then. Lamar was as distantly welcoming as he had been the last time. He informed Eugene that he was going to administer another drug test (once again, blood from the inside of the elbow since it was easiest) and Eugene sighed and agreed. \"I don't see you very often,\" Lamar said as he swabbed down Eugene's elbow to prepare for the needle. \"Most people here get drug tested at least every week.\" He raised his eyebrows. \"I suppose that means you're a lucky one.\" Lucky that he couldn't piss as easily because of his back injury. Sure. \"How does it feel to perform a drug test that's actually a drug test?\" Eugene said. \"All my drug tests,\" Lamar said reassuringly. \"Are real and valid drug tests.\" \"And the fact that you get a peek into our DNA is only a nice little side result,\" Eugene said. \"Nearly every day, though. It seems a little bit paranoid.\" \"You're in an interesting mood,\" Lamar said. \"I don't decide the frequency of our tests. I only administer them.\" He drew the blood. \"And what if you did find a degenerate?\" Eugene said. \"At a company like this. What then?\" Lamar said, \"We never have.\" \"But you think you might. That's the reason for the drug tests, after all.\" Lamar looked at him with a very forbearing expression. As if he were dealing with Eugene drunk again, instead of sober and asking some very reasonable questions of a very unreasonable company. \"Taking on someone else's genetic identity is illegal, Jerome.\" \"So. You call the police,\" Eugene said. \"That kind of thing wouldn't be good for your company's reputation though, would it? Wouldn't suit Josef's philosophy either…if a degenerate were actually able to keep up with work here…\" \"We've never found a degenerate,\" Lamar repeated. \"And I doubt we will.\" He put Eugene's blood into the analyzing machine. \"But frequent drug tests are company police. Our standards…\" \"Are high, yes,\" Eugene said. \"That's why there was no penalty for me showing up to work drunk.\" Lamar laughed. Apparently he thought they were bonding over the incident. They were not bonding. Someday, Eugene figured, Vincent was going to be \"drug tested\" by this man. If he ever got into Gattaca, whether by legal methods or no. He wondered whether Lamar would be equally amiable to someone with a less stellar genetic profile. \"And have you been drinking since then?\"Lamar said. He hummed, looking at the results on the screen of his analyzing machine. \"Well, you aren't drunk today. But these alcohol levels are concerningly high.\" \"As long as I'm sober at work I'm not sure that it's any of your business.\" \"As the drug tester I have to inform you that is incorrect,\" Lamar said. \"Still, I see no need to report this little alcohol. But I must remind you of the psychiatric care we provide for free for employees, which includes services to combat a dependence on alcohol.\" Eugene saluted him mockingly. \"Well, I have been reminded.\" Lamar shook his head. \"The one person who really needs to be drug tested regularly, and we're only scheduled once every few weeks. Try to take better care of yourself.\" He was beginning to sound like Irene. \"Yes, yes.\" \"Degenerates,\" Lamar said with another put upon sigh. \"I don't think any of them would venture here. Security is far too tight. Still…we do what we must. Anyways, an invalid wouldn't have the skill set for this job—the director is right about that. Most of them haven't gone to college. Though I suppose the salary would be tempting.\" He clicked his teeth. \"You know, they say gene dealers are sharks.\" Remembering German's patient face and voice, Eugene had to suppress a shudder. \"Really?\" \"I don't mean that they're violent—though there's that too, nasty crowd honestly—but the fees they charge. You'd have to get a salary like yours or mine just to live comfortably with a gene shark demanding half your pay. Things like these, people say they're all about rights, but really it's all about money.\" Lamar shook his head. \"Anyone borrowing a ladder is just digging himself a hole.\" \"You give a lot of cautionary speeches,\" Eugene said. \"But in case you hadn't noticed, I don't need that one.\" Lamar said, \"Just making conversation.\" He held the door for Eugene to leave. \"Have a good weekend, Jerome.\" But he was already turning to the next person he had to drug test. As he wheeled down the hall back towards his desk, he found himself smiling the fiercest smile he'd smiled all week. All about money, huh? /…/…/ Ring. Ring. Ring. Click. \"Hello?\" Alone in his silent house, Eugene smiled lightly. \"Hello, German.\" A long pause. \"You took less time to make up your mind than I expected.\" \"I'm not selling you my identity.\" \"Indeed?\" \"That's out of the question.\" \"Then why did you call?\" All about money. German always put on an act that he was interested in Eugene personally, and Eugene had been almost convinced, in a paranoid sort of way. But Lamar, from a distance, was wiser. All about money. \"I'd be willing to pay you a considerable sum if you find Vincent a match.\" He held his breath for a long moment before German answered, voice skeptical. \"And what do you think is a considerable sum?\" \"How much do you want?\" \"You first, Jerome.\" Fuck. He'd wanted to sound German out first. Well, in that case, you always went lower than you expected would be accepted. Way lower. \"How does five thousand sound?\" A low laugh. \"Jerome.\" \"Then what do you want?\" \"Offer fifty thousand and I'll consider it.\" Eugene bit his lip. Fifty thousand. That was slightly less than his salary for a year, but not by much. Of course, his family was rich, but this was a matter of pride. (And he had no intention of making German believe he would dance to German's tune.) \"I'll offer seven thousand.\" \"Jerome.\" The same reproving tone. \"Ten thousand, then. You know Vincent will still be paying you his dues. No need to skin me as well.\" \"I'll accept thirty thousand,\" German conceded. \"But dropping below that…I would only do it for a friend.\" Eugene barked a laugh. \"I thought you said you liked me. How about twenty thousand?\" \"Twenty-eight thousand,\" German said. \"And you consider my offer to match you up as well.\" \"I'm not lending my ladder.\" \"I'm aware. But if you change your mind, you promise to come to me.\" Who else would he come to? \"Fine. It's a deal,\" Eugene said. \"When will you see Vincent?\" \"Tell me when he's available. I try to cater to my clients. Oh, and I expect ten thousand of your offer ahead of time. I consider it an advance against future services.\" Shark was right. \"I'll write up a check but you'll have to pick it up. I don't exactly have your mailing address,\" Eugene said. \"Fair enough.\" \"One last thing. Vincent doesn't hear about this.\" \"Oh? You want to be an anonymous benefactor, then?\" \"All he needs to know is I'm helping to set him up. He doesn't need to know about the twenty-eight thousand.\" \"Fine with me. Just have the first check ready to go.\" /.../.../ /.../.../ /.../.../ AN: Updates are getting kind of spaced out, but since Nanowrimo is over I'll try to make them more regular. Shout-out to Shadow, my guest reviewer whom I cannot respond to: Thanks for the encouraging words! I'll try to write this story to its end, which for me is actually within sight...though there's still quite a bit to go. My real question for Gattaca fans is, what is your favorite minor Gattaca character? Are you a Lamar person or a German person? Or hey, maybe you're into Caesar. He's a cool dude too, though he hasn't shown up in this fic in a little while. This chapter was all Eugene, but I promise there will be plenty of Vincent next chapter. Until then, I'd greatly appreciate reviews. Hasta la vista.[Chapter 11] Eugene had avoided Vincent for an entire week. Vincent had noticed this. Monday and Tuesday and even to some extent Wednesday could have been coincidental. He and Eugene didn't talk ever day anyhow, and especially after their last awkward conversation he was in no hurry to seek Eugene out. Not to mention he was feeling some slight residual guilt over having gone on a date with Eugene's sort-of girlfriend (though he couldn't quite regret it—Irene was a babe). On Wednesday, though, it became quite obvious that Eugene was avoiding Vincent on purpose. Vincent caught sight of him towards the end of the day and even caught his attention. Their eyes met for a moment. But as soon as Vincent stepped forward to meet Eugene, only a few yards away, Eugene hurried off into a crowd. So fast that he knocked people over and left a bit of a tangle in his wake. Enough of a tangle that Vincent couldn't follow him. Nor would he have. He'd never seen Eugene run away before, not from him or anyone else. There was definitely something going on. What could scare Eugene about Vincent, though…that was a question. Even if their last conversation had ended awkwardly, that was true of practically all their conversations, both of them stumbling over their own tongues in a weird balance between small talk and philosophical ponderings, unsure of where they were going. Their last conversation had only been about a failed job interview. It was not enough to warrant this. Maybe Eugene had heard about the pseudo-date with Irene? Maybe he was jealous? Whatever it was, it left Vincent frustrated. It wasn't like he needed friendship with a valid snob, but he'd enjoyed it. And he'd never been good at giving people space. He decided he would give Eugene as much space as he needed, though, whether he liked it or not. It was what a good friend would do. And then Monday came and Eugene's attitude changed entirely. Vincent was cleaning the windows when he came over. He wasn't even watching a launch, and it was very early in the morning, before lunch, before work was even in full swing. He rolled over to Vincent's side and cleared his throat loudly. Vincent turned around. \"Are we talking to each other now?\" Eugene gave him a puzzled look. As if he'd never been avoiding Vincent in the first place. Fine, then. That was something they weren't going to talk about. \"If you hadn't noticed, I'm a little busy.\" His rag was dripping on the floor even as he spoke, and some poor soul was going to have to mop it up later, quite possibly Miguel. \"What's this about?\" Because Eugene clearly wanted to talk for a reason. His entire body was tense—well, his entire body above the waist, all of his body that he could actually control. And his eyes were lit and focused in a way they rarely were. Eugene said, \"Do you know my address?\" What? Shit. If he'd found out about Vincent looking up his genetic records…but that had been months ago. Would explain why he'd been avoiding Vincent, though. People did it all the time but it was still not exactly acceptable behavior. Better to play dumb. \"How would I know your address, Eugene?\" Vincent crossed his arms, ignoring how the rag was now getting his uniform wet as well. Stance was important in situations like this. Asserting dominance. Eugene shrugged impatiently. Then he rustled around in his pocket for a minute before pulling out a small piece of paper and a pen. He wrote something on the back of it and handed it to Vincent. \"Here.\" Eugene's address was in the outskirts of town, nearing on the suburbs, a very expensive and slightly isolated area. Not exactly surprising. The card also had a phone number written on it, which Vincent assumed was Eugene's own. \"What am I supposed to do with this?\" he asked. \"That's my house and my home phone.\" \"I guessed that. What am I…\" \"This isn't a good place to talk. Come over to my house tonight. There's a…a proposition.\" Eugene wet his lips. He smiled nervously. \"Just come by after work. Any time, you know I get out earlier than you. I won't keep you up too late.\" He sounded like a boy trying to convince a conservative girl to go on a date with him. Or, with the proposition part, perhaps not so conservative. Vincent gave him a look. \"If there's something you want to discuss…\" \"This isn't the place for it. If you can't come tonight, tomorrow. Or call me and we can find a time.\" Eugene jerked his head. \"I have to get to work. I'll see you.\" He wheeled away before Vincent could call him back and tell him he needed to explain himself. Obviously on purpose. If he'd really been concerned about getting to work on time he would have met with Vincent later in the day, during a break, instead of at the earliest opportunity when both of them had things they had to do. He really didn't want to talk about whatever it was at Gattaca. That seemed fairly ominous. The word proposition was what made it shady. That hardly ever meant anything good, not when a valid was talking to an invalid. If he were a woman he would have thought Eugene wanted to hook up but he was pretty sure Eugene didn't swing his way, not with his obvious interest in Irene. Other types of propositions: Cheap, under the table labor; drug dealing; gang involvement—none of them really seemed like Eugene but what did Vincent know? Actually, considering how little Eugene cared about his health and that one time he had showed up intoxicated maybe he was into drugs. He wouldn't be the first valid to use a high end position to cover up some less-than-legal business, nor the last. But why would he try to involve Vincent in something like that? It was just so out of the blue. Eugene usually seemed, well, a little melancholy but still very respectable in the ways that counted. Proposition. Vincent sighed. He was over thinking it. Eugene was a good guy, mostly. Word choice didn't necessarily mean anything. A proposition could just as easily be Eugene trying to convince him to apply to a company where he had connections or trying to get him together with some nice invalid girl he knew. Didn't necessarily mean anything bad. In any case it would be interesting to see Eugene's house. It would be terribly valid, of that he was certain, but he wondered whether it would be neat or disorderly, old and venerable or new and high tech. What sorts of books would he have on the shelves? Would there be any decorations? Because of course Vincent would be going. If only so he could pass on the gossip to Miguel and Tina, he had to. Before tucking the card away in his pocket, he turned it over to see what it was—card stock like this wasn't just scrap paper. \"GATTACA Mental Health Services: Here to help your healthy psyche.\" Followed by two phone numbers, an office number and an email address. Huh. Vincent hadn't even known they had any mental health services here. But then, the insurance covered all sorts of things. Yet more reason to crave a job here. He turned back to the window, where his last couple swipes had already dried. /…/…/ Seeing Vincent in his home was strange. Not that Eugene was one of those snobs who couldn't picture an invalid in his comfort zone. It didn't make him cringe that way, although Vincent almost seemed to think it would—he was being careful not to touch anything and always stayed about four steps behind Eugene—but it still made him feel a bit self conscious. This was his hideaway, after all, his private hell where he self-anaesthetized and escaped from reality for as much time as possible. But Vincent was the most real person he knew. Under his analytical gaze, things Eugene chose to blur out became solid, relevant: photographs of himself with his family or with his silver medal, artistically winding stairs, even the chairs in the lounge. It was a clash, reality intruding into his private nest. He thought Vincent had to sense something of how Eugene felt about the place, how many drunken nights he'd spent sprawled out on the lounge chairs, how many times he'd been tempted to break the glass of the nicely framed photographs. But Vincent seemed to sense nothing. His gaze was analytical but still admiring. Even when he saw the bottles of vodka on the counter he only smirked. \"You want a drink?\" Eugene asked. Anything to ease the tension. \"I'd take one.\" Eugene poured them each a mixed drink, vodka and orange juice—they'd want to be sipping for the conversation so shot glasses were no good, but they had to remain mostly sober. He wanted Vincent to loosen up a bit but also to understand what he was saying. And of course if he himself got drunk the night would go all to hell. \"Did you eat anything?\" he asked, as Vincent took a small sip. It had not occurred to him, but a janitor got off work late enough that he might not have had dinner. Eugene had already eaten, and he didn't have much food in the house. He was a terrible host. Vincent didn't answer. Instead, he smirked again as he lowered the glass. \"The good stuff.\" \"What, the vodka? No, I bought it cheap. Sorry.\" Eugene grimaced apologetically. \"Usually when I'm drunk I don't care what I'm drinking.\" \"You could have let me have my delusions.\" They both sipped again. Eugene said, \"You remember I mentioned a proposition I wanted to discuss.\" \"That's why I came over.\" \"Well.\" Eugene hesitated. Vincent was dedicated to his dreams but he was also a very wholesome sort of person. How did one broach the subject of illegal activity? \"How serious are you about getting into Gattaca?\" Vincent stared for a minute. Then, putting his cup firmly down, he said, \"You doubt my commitment?\" \"I'm asking you how far you would go.\" \"You don't know how far I've gone already. I studied physics and astronomy for years out of books on my own because not even online college programs would accept me. I kept myself in peak physical shape even though my heart is supposed to erupt and I have asthma when I exert myself. Because I wanted to be up to Gattaca's standards.\" Vincent clenched his fists. \"I took the job as a janitor at Gattaca just so I could get a peek at what it was like. A peek. For that, I was willing to…\" \"I didn't ask what you did,\" Eugene said shortly. \"I asked what you would do now. If you knew you could get into Gattaca.\" \"Anything.\" \"Define anything.\" Vincent swallowed. \"Are you serious right now?\" \"As serious as I get.\" Eugene lifted his cup and took a brief swallow, letting the burn in his throat focus him. He raised his eyebrows. \"Tell me. Would you leave your life behind?\" \"I'd have to. Life as a Gattaca employee would be totally different—for one, I mean, the social protocol is…\" \"Move out of your house. Cut all your connections. That's what I mean by leaving your life,\" Eugene said. \"Dying to who you are now. Would you do that?\" Vincent shrugged. \"Who I am now is nobody.\" It wasn't true. Eugene wanted to tell him that. Who Vincent was now, janitor or no, was someone very important. He'd made Eugene's life better at least, and Eugene was sure he'd touched many others, and at any rate he was the kind of person who…mattered, somehow, in some intangible way made the world better by living in it. That, however, was somewhat irrelevant to the conversation. And Vincent's attitude was the more productive. The kind of attitude German would appreciate. \"And what would you risk?\" \"I've already told you I would give everything up.\" \"What if it was just a chance to get into Gattaca, a chance that could be easily forfeited? Would you still do the same?\" He watched Vincent consider it carefully. Clearly he knew these were more than just hypothetical questions; Eugene was cooking with gas. Good. Vincent had to be serious about this. If not, Eugene was going out on a limb for nothing. \"I'd still do it,\" Vincent said at last. \"Would you?\" \"A chance is more than I have now. More than I'm likely to ever get.\" Eugene nodded slowly. \"Why did you ask me to come here?\" Vincent asked. He leaned back in his chair, crossing his arms. \"A chance? Is that what you wanted to talk about?\" Eugene took a deep breath and let it out again. If he told Vincent he knew about German's little ring, technically he still wasn't admitting to being involved in it—he couldn't be arrested for that. Besides, no one would take Vincent's word over Eugene's if he denied everything, a faith birth's over a valid's. It should be safe. He was crossing the line, but he would still be safe. That was the privilege of his birth. \"What have you heard about borrowed ladders?\" Vincent's eyes widened. He laughed a little. \"Are you serious?\" \"I said I was, didn't I?\" God, he wanted a smoke, but he'd left his pack of cigarettes in the other room. Vincent composed his face. \"Um, criminal. Definitely against the law. They steal identities from valids in order to pass themselves off as more physically fit or sane. Or just to cover up something about their past.\" He burst out with a laugh again, a little hysterical. \"Eugene. Where are you going with this?\" Eugene steepled his fingers. \"I could set you up.\" \"You have to be joking.\" \"It's not stealing an identity, exactly. You connect with a valid who's willing to let you borrow their name, records and genes for a time. Simple enough. Hardly even immoral.\" \"And how would I connect with a valid who would be up for that? You're telling me you know someone? How would we even get away with that—there are drug tests at Gattaca every day!\" He was nearly shouting. Eugene leaned forward and hissed, \"Calm down. You said you would do anything, didn't you? Or did you mean you'd do anything as long as it was within reasonable boundaries? We both know Gattaca is disgustingly genoist and the law doesn't do anything about it. Why should you care about illegal, then?\" \"You're suggesting something that's going to get me arrested.\" \"You said you were willing to risk your life.\" \"Tell me your proposition, then.\" \"I know a man named German.\" Eugene paused. Was that even German's real name? Well, it hardly mattered. \"He's connected with a number of valids who are down on their luck and want someone to take up the fight for them. He'd be willing to connect you with one of them and supply you both with the equipment to fool basically any drug test. In exchange you give him a percentage of your Gattaca salary and promise not to rat him out.\" Vincent frowned. He got out of his chair and began to pace. \"I have heard about things like this. You hear about them when people are caught.\" Eugene let him pace. It was a big decision. German had been hassling him about it for so long that for him, it felt like the danger was more letting German get his way than risking his freedom against the government. But for Vincent, this was all new. Eugene would have liked to give him time to think, but German wanted a decision soon. Probably more because he was still annoyed at Eugene than for any practical reason, but at this point Eugene thought it was best to go with what he said. At last Vincent stopped. He stopped behind Eugene's wheelchair, so that unless Eugene twisted he couldn't see Vincent's face. He didn't bother. He just waited for Vincent to speak. \"This man could get me into Gattaca.\" \"Yeah. Easy.\" \"No one would recognize me?\" \"I think all you'd have to do is change into a suit. But he'd give you the works. Everything you'd need. So he keeps on telling me.\" \"What, he's tried to get you to recruit invalids before?\" Eugene did twist around now and glare at Vincent. \"We're talking about you right now, not me. Do you want to meet him or not?\" Vincent sagged. \"I guess I do.\" \"All right then. If you give me your phone number, I'll give it to him, and he'll call you. He said he doesn't want me at the meeting.\" Probably just because, once again, he was annoyed at Eugene and didn't want to deal with him for a while. Understandable—most days, Eugene didn't want to deal with himself either. And he was just as happy not to talk to German for a while, only he worried Vincent would get swindled without his intervention. But it couldn't be helped. Vincent wrote the phone number down on a piece of paper Eugene gave him. He shook his head. \"You of all people playing the middle man.\" \"I think I'm doing a great job,\" Eugene said. He folded up the paper. \"So. The proposition's not mine, it's his and yours. I'll tell him to call you soon.\" Vincent nodded. \"All right.\" He hesitated, glancing at the door. He'd come in through the back since Eugene still hadn't figured out how to unlock the door on the top floor, and clearly he was wondering if it was time for him to take the same way out. \"Stay for a while,\" Eugene said. \"You probably shouldn't be driving buzzed.\" Back in the day it had never stopped him, but then again it wasn't like he was all that leery of car crashes at the time. \"I'll get some food. I think I have some leftover takeout from the other night.\" AN: Well, it's a year later but I might be going back to updating this fic. We'll see if the motivation lasts :)[Chapter 12] Eugene called German the next day, since he thought German probably wouldn't appreciate being called in the middle of the night. Admittedly he had very little idea of what German's schedule looked like, and it seemed like his sort ought to be a night owl. Nevertheless courtesy prevailed, and instead he called just before heading out to work. German picked up, and he didn't sound sleepy. But the conversation was decidedly brief. He asked for Vincent's phone number. Eugene gave it. \"Will you meet with him soon?\" \"That's his business and mine,\" German said. His voice had an edge of warning to it. Eugene wanted to laugh. \"Really? So now you're eager to protect his privacy?\" \"He's a prospective client.\" Eugene really did snort now. \"Sure, now that you have your ten thousand. If you don't take him on, by the way, I want that back.\" \"Good luck, kid. You going to give me the eighteen thousand after I meet with him?\" \"I'll give you the eighteen thousand when you tell me he's settled in with his partner. Not before.\" Really he ought to insist that German wait until Vincent was already working for Gattaca just to keep him invested but that could be months and he didn't know how long German would be willing to wait. This would make German get the first steps done, at least, and from there in he'd have to be motivated by the idea of getting some of Vincent's salary, and doubtless a certain amount of money from whatever valid he was swindling as well. Besides, something about making long term plans made Eugene uncomfortable. Like he might lose all his money in the next couple months or Vincent might change his mind or something. He didn't like thinking too far into the future; it felt too abstract, too malleable, even when he knew that it really was very predictable: he'd still be working at Gattaca for as long as he wanted to, might even get a raise into an administrative position at some point. His salary would remain steady, his job ensured. No risks, no dangers, except those no one could really avoid—fatal diseases and car crashes and the like… And then he was off the phone with German, unable to remember if the man had even said goodbye before hanging up. He needed to focus more but he had a slight headache and he was tired, and he needed to get to work nonetheless. Well, he'd done his best. Vincent would have to take it from here. /…/…/ Vincent was a bit on edge. Couldn't be helped. Last night had been the craziest night he'd had in quite a while, even more surreal than the night he'd gotten the call from McGowan—had that really been only about two weeks ago? It felt like a long time. As if the world had changed drastically since then. Two weeks ago he'd been ready to go down on his knees for a lab assistant position at a half-rate university. Now he was older, slyer. He could feel a difference in himself even from the person he was early yesterday. He was going to get a job at Gattaca. His will was set in iron on that matter. But he wasn't naïve enough anymore to think he would get it by any normal means, any legal means. No, he was going to beg, borrow and steal someone else's ladder. The thought made him shiver a little even now (degenerate was practically a swear word) but it also felt right, as if he'd always known someday he would be this desperate, someday he would decide to take it this far. His coworkers seemed to have noticed he was off, too. Caesar, rarely solicitous, asked him if anything was wrong, and a couple others came up to him and gave him a pat on the back and asked him how his day was going in oddly friendly voices. Tina and Miguel kept on giving him strange looks during lunch break and finally when they broke apart to do their separate jobs Miguel said in a very nice voice, \"Hey Vincent, are there any more launches today?\" \"There's one at two pm,\" Vincent said automatically. He'd missed the morning launch today, preoccupied by his own thoughts, but he always knew when they were going up. He memorized the schedule a week beforehand just so he wouldn't miss any of them. All that seemed petty now. \"You gonna watch it?\" \"Yeah, sure,\" Vincent said. \"I should get back to mopping. See you guys.\" He hurried off, and he heard Tina and Miguel talking in low voices behind him. So maybe he was not doing a great job of hiding his excitement. It was hard for him to focus on conversation or act casual when he knew that something wonderful was going to happen so soon—wonderful and frightening at the same time. He tried to pay attention to what people said to him but failed. At least his mopping was as good as usual. Muscle memory carried him through the day, and no one could complain about the quality of his work. He missed watching the launch at two. Only realized that when the day was over. That wasn't good, that break in habit. It would be an obvious sign that he was thinking about something. And, too, he wondered if perhaps Eugene might have watched it, and might have been waiting for him to come over and join. They were friends again now, after all. Friends and partners in crime. Well, not partners. But Eugene was his enabler, his connection. Now their innocent work relationship had turned illicit. Vincent wondered if, seeing Eugene, he would have been able to keep apprehension, anticipation, off his face. He took the subway home. The station was only a five minute walk from his apartment. It was hot outside. Summer had set in, and he was wearing his work clothes and a light jacket on top because he hated walking the streets looking like the janitor he was. Sweat began to build up on the back of his neck. It was late in the evening, but the heat would not leave. The night, doubtless, would be long and silent. There was a man waiting at the door to his apartment. The man was maybe five and a half feet, not tall at all. He had a widow's peak but his hair was neat and orderly. A bit of a large nose and an easy smile on his face as Vincent approached. He'd been leaning against the door but as Vincent drew nearer he straightened and held out a hand. Hesitantly, Vincent shook it. \"Hello.\" If this was the connection, he'd worked fast. But he wasn't sure how to ask that. Couldn't just ask someone you met on the street whether they were in the business of borrowed ladders. \"Vincent Freeman.\" The man pronounced the words as if they were from a foreign language. Yet he seemed entertained by them at the same time. His eyebrows lifted slightly. \"You must be German,\" Vincent said. \"Yes. May I come inside? I thought it might be rude to let myself in.\" Vincent laughed a little, awkward. \"It's, uh, it's locked.\" \"Yes. I thought you might not want uninvited guests, considering the neighborhood you live in. Not that I'm uninvited. You did want to see me?\" \"Yes.\" German gestured at the door. Vincent fumbled with the keys before sticking one in the lock. His hands were shaking. That was bad, that was a very invalid thing for them to do. He'd thought this morning he had nerves of steel. Now, faced with the man himself, he knew he was still the eager young thing he'd been yesterday. He opened the door and made way for German, but German stood waiting until he entered, and then followed him in. His gaze swept over the parlor. Ratty couch, optimistically big in case Vincent ever actually asked someone over. A couple half hearted pictures on the wall, none of Vincent himself or of his family but of landscapes, mountains edged against a brilliant night sky. Stacks of books about astronomy, physics, the history of space travel, one or two on legislation regarding equality in the work place that he hadn't cracked open since realizing they weren't worth the paper they were printed on. A rug that he'd managed to keep reasonably clean by taking his shoes off before coming in, which he did now. \"You have a nice little place,\" German said. \"I try to keep it tidy.\" \"If you agree to my proposition, you will have to move out, you understand. Your new roommate might not be as tidy as you.\" German smiled a tight smile. \"My invalid clients are always achievers—my valid clients, not always so. Well, they certainly do achieve, but they might not always keep a room so neat. They often have frustrating habits. Do you think you could deal with the stress of cohabitation, Vincent?\" \"Yes, sir. I'm a janitor. I know how to deal with other people's messes.\" \"Clean living.\" German took a pack of cigarettes out of the inside of his coat. \"Do you smoke, Vincent?\" \"Yes, sir.\" \"Good. Most valids do.\" German offered him a cigarette and then a lighter, both of which he accepted. They sat down on the ratty couch. It was a nice couch in its own way, wide and orange and not completely destroyed and very cheap when he got it at a second-hand store, but not really suited for doing business with a gentleman. He winced as he watched German's suit rub against the worn fabric, even the colors clashing. Well, but German technically wasn't a gentleman, even if he acted like one. So there was that. \"Tell me what you want from me, Vincent.\" \"I…you know.\" \"Tell me. If you can't verbalize it, you don't have the guts to follow through.\" \"I want you to connect me with a valid who will give me his ladder and his genetic material. I want to disguise myself as this valid so that I can get a job at Gattaca. I want to go into space.\" \"Ambitious. Like I said. You're a good match for me, Vincent…apart from your frankly terrible genetics but what the hell, Gattaca judges but I don't. You know what a Gattaca salary is?\" \"Yes, sir.\" \"Twenty percent goes to me. Half of what remains goes to your partner. But I'm sure you're not in this for the money.\" \"No, sir.\" German had taken a cigarette out for himself. He took a long, slow drag and then released the smoke into the air. \"How much are you willing to give, Vincent Freeman?\" He thought about what Eugene had said, how much he would have to give up from the get-go. \"I'd give up 'Vincent Freeman', for starters.\" \"Well, that's a given.\" \"I'd give up my old life. I'll even fake my death if necessary—\" \"It won't be, no one cares about a janitor.\" Vincent swallowed before soldiering on. \"The money, sure, fine. I'm fine with moving. I'll change my appearance. I'll give one hundred percent.\" \"And maybe get halfway there…without my help.\" German blew out another breath of smoke. \"But you're lucky, kid. I like you. Well, I think you're okay. And Jerome is head over heels.\" \"Jerome? Oh. Yeah.\" \"He likes you a lot.\" \"I guess we get along.\" \"Get along.\" German laughed. \"He set you up with a connection like me. That's not just getting along. What's your connection with Jerome?\" \"We're friends.\" \"And how does that work, between a physicist and a janitor?\" Vincent crossed his arms. Why were they talking about Eugene? He'd set up the deal but he wasn't here, wasn't really relevant either. \"It works fine. When you aren't a bigot.\" German's eyebrows lifted. \"Okay, okay. I guess we've learned you can keep your mouth shut. Oh, and that's vital, by the way. You being able to keep a secret.\" \"I can handle it.\" \"If you get caught, you and your partner did all of this alone. You got the equipment alone, you found each other alone. You don't want to mention me. Trust me on that.\" German smiled a wide smile. Vincent smiled back. His throat was tight. God help him if his asthma came back now—hadn't bothered him in a long time but this would be just the moment, wouldn't it? \"Once you set me up, you don't exist to me.\" German wagged a finger. \"Except you're paying me.\" \"You'll get your money.\" \"Mm.\" German stood. \"I think I can hook you up. There's someone I have in mind, if you can deal with a difficult personality.\" \"I think I can handle it.\" \"You think or you know?\" \"I know. I can handle anything.\" \"Good. I'll be in touch.\" German paused at the door. \"It's great, you being protective of Jerome. But you don't need to protect him from me. I like Jerome. I'm on his side.\" He opened the door. \"Well, always good to meet one of his friends. Like I said, I'll be in touch.\" He closed the door behind him. Vincent heaved a breath. Almost turned into a panic attack, but he grounded himself, clenching his fingers into the material of the couch. He was fine. He was fine. He hadn't even realized he was frightened, really, until German was gone. But there was no need to be frightened. German was a friend, and he was taking a risk but it would help him. He was reaching toward his dreams; now he might finally get somewhere. He had a late dinner. It only occurred to him now that he should have offered German something to eat or drink—he wanted the man to like him, after all. But it was too late. Maybe next time, though it was possible they wouldn't meet here next time, but somewhere else. He'd said he'd be in touch. That wasn't very concrete. Vincent wondered how long it might take him. A day? A week? A month? He'd said he had someone in mind, but it might take a while to wrangle. Probably Vincent didn't need to worry about anything yet. He could relax for a little while. Really, though, he doubted he'd be able to even relax enough to get some sleep tonight. He tried calling Eugene to tell him how things had gone—it was his business and German's, but he thought Eugene, experienced with German, might be able to offer some advice. But Eugene's line was busy. He wondered if perhaps he was talking to Irene, if the two were arranging a date or laughing over gossip. Things two valids could do, things a valid and an invalid could not as easily. German had been right to question his friendship with Eugene. It was always on the edge of a precipice. He went to bed. He would see Eugene tomorrow, as he always did. /…/…/ When Eugene answered the call from German, for the first time perhaps in his life he was eager to hear what the man had to say. \"So?\" \"So you'll have to give me the eighteen thousand in…two weeks,\" German said. \"More or less. You know this business is never set in stone.\" He spoke familiarly, as if they were comrades, which maybe they were now. Still, Eugene didn't know whether the business was set in stone, how fast it moved or how unsteadily. He didn't know a thing about the business, but German wanted him to feel like he did, like he and German really were working together. Then he wouldn't hesitate to bury himself deeper. Hearing German's voice made him almost regret connecting the man with Vincent, but it was too late for that. \"So you'll work with him, then?\" \"We'll see how he and his partner match. It's a precarious thing. There has to be chemistry, and it's not all physical.\" \"Good God. This isn't a love affair you're trying to set up.\" \"No. It's a business enterprise, and it's two men exchanging lives. It's trickier than a love affair. Closer, more intimate.\" German chuckled. \"Isn't that why you're afraid of it, Jerome?\" \"No. You know my reasons.\" Eugene huffed. \"But Vincent will do fine. I'll get you the money when you get him connected.\" \"He's a nice boy. I can see why you like him. The kind of guy you just feel bad for. Makes you want to give him a hug.\" \"Vincent is a perfectly competent man .\" Eugene bit back his anger. \"Were you calling for anything else?\" \"Maybe I just like talking to a friend.\" \"We're not friends. We're associates. And we're barely that.\" \"I'm proud of you, Jerome. You're doing a good thing for Vincent, even if he doesn't know it. Twenty-eight thousand dollars…\" \"You know I've never cared about money.\" \"Good, then, give me the fifty thousand I asked for.\" \"German.\" German laughed. \"I'll talk to you later, Jerome. But you sound good. It's always nice talking to you.\" /.../.../ /.../.../ /.../.../ AN: Yes, this fic updates really really slowly. but i swear it will end eventually, probably in about two chapters. reviews would probably help to motivate me to actually get there. ","Summary":" If Vincent kept an eye on all the new employees at Gattaca—well, all the employees that did the act"},{"Movie":"The Mask","Title":"THE MASK POWER OF LOVE (MITCH X STANLEY VERSION)","Author":"Electrodude95","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12839325","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Prologue It was dark at the old manor house as David Smith held the mask in both of his hands, \"it's mine I tell you no one else's,\" he yelled loudly as he began rocking and shaking himself violently about on his chair. David had kept the Mask for well over 60's years of his life, since that time he had worn it off and on, but now at near the end of his life the mask's power had driven him completely mad. \"It's mine and I'm the only one that should have it as I understand it's power,\" he said to himself as he sat up from the chair with the mask in his hands, he walked down towards the hall to a large open chest. Without thinking what he was doing he threw the mask in, \"there mask, here now you'll know what it's like to be locked up and pushed around like what you've done with my life, I've lost everything because of you and now it stops!\" He said in an angry voice, \"see how you like being locked up for a few years?\" He then closed the lid and locked it, then stormed away upstairs, as he climed the stairs to his bedroom thoughts raced thought his mind on what he must do next. Going in to his room he opened a large chest of drawers near to a large king sized bed, as he pulled the draw open he found what he was looking for, it was an old handgun and it was loaded with one bullet. \"Good bye cruel world,\" he said as he held the gun to his head, his finger was shaking as it lay on the trigger, \"thanks for everything.\" There was a loud bang followed by a deathly silence as David's lifeless body fell to the floor, in the old mans still warm left hand was a key to the chest where the most powerful object on earth was now hidden away, the question was who would find it now and use it?\" Most important of all would they sir come to madness and kill themselves?[Chapter 2] p style=\"margin: 0px; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 17px; line-height: normal; font-family: '.SF UI Text'; color: #454545;\"span style=\"font-family: '.SFUIText'; font-size: 17pt;\"Ten years later/span/p p style=\"margin: 0px; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 17px; line-height: normal; font-family: '.SF UI Text'; color: #454545;\"span style=\"font-family: '.SFUIText'; font-size: 17pt;\"It was mid day in Edge City elementary high as a seventeen year old Stanley Ipkiss walked down a large corridor towards his locker, in both of his hands he was holding a large pile of books, as he drew nearer to his locker he turned hs head and saw a group of football players coming towards him. They were lead by Mitch Kellyaway a tall well built eighteen year old boy and Stanley's boyfriend, as they went passed one of them purposely knocked his shoulder into Stanley's arm and as this happened the books went flying everywhere, Stanley didn't say anything he just gave them a dirty look knowing full well that if he did say anything the whole school would know of Kellyaway's dirty little secret. /span/p p style=\"margin: 0px; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 17px; line-height: normal; font-family: '.SF UI Text'; color: #454545; min-height: 20.3px;\" /p p style=\"margin: 0px; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 17px; line-height: normal; font-family: '.SF UI Text'; color: #454545;\"span style=\"font-family: '.SFUIText'; font-size: 17pt;\"\"Arrg, I really hate that Kellyaway sometimes,\" he said quietly to himself as he got down on his hands and knees and began picking them up one by on, as he did this all of the football players started laughing. \"\"Poor little Ipkiss,\" one of them said out loud for all to hear, \"I don't know why the school thinks so highly of him, do you Mitch?\" Turned his head to the other player Mitch flashed him a smile, he then turned to the group smiling at them, \"you all might as well go back to the field coach will be waiting for us there,\" \"aren't you coming with us Kellyaway, we could us you?\" Another player asked him in a puzzled voice, \"I've got a few things to take care of first I won't be long,\" he said as he turned his head towards Stanley, \"but we've got a match coming up in a few minutes and we need you to be there Captain!\" Another player said in an angry voice, \"yes and I told you didn't I that I won't be long!?\" He said back in a more aggressive sounding voice that scared the other players, \"right you heard the captain,\" said the player who had knock Stanley's arm, \"we'll see you soon Mitch.\" Mitch nodded to them as they walked away through a set of double doors, as soon as he saw that they weren't in sight he made his way over to Stanley, \"hi Stanley do you need a hand?\" /span/p p style=\"margin: 0px; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 17px; line-height: normal; font-family: '.SF UI Text'; color: #454545; min-height: 20.3px;\" /p p style=\"margin: 0px; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 17px; line-height: normal; font-family: '.SF UI Text'; color: #454545;\"span style=\"font-family: '.SFUIText'; font-size: 17pt;\"Stanley looked up at him as he reached out a hand, Stanley grabbed it and gave him a sour look, \"you know I wish that your boys wouldn't do that on me, why do they do it anyway?\" Mitch looked at him and gave him a friend tap on his shoulder, \"look Stan, I have told them to go easy on you,\" he said in a friend warm voice, \"do there know that you and I are boyfriends?\" Stanley asked in a low voice as he gathered a pile of books up, Mitch smiled softly at him, \"no not yet,\" he said softly, \"as far as they think I'm as straight as they all are.\" Stanley smiled back at him and then turned towards his locker with the books in his hands, \"that's good news I suppose then.\" He as he opened the door and shoved the book inside, he then turned back around to Kellyaway and smiled, \"listen Mitch hadn't you better go now and start your game before your teammates get angry?\" Mitch smiled at him, \"before I do that Stanley I've got something it give you,\" Stanley looked at him in surprise, \"is it important?\" He asked as he put on of his arms on Mitch's shoulders, \"hold out on of your hands and you will see Stan,\" Mitch said in a warm voice, Stanley held out his hand as Mitch put his hand into his pocket. As he saw him dong this his face dropped in disappointment as Mitch pulled out a tattered piece of paper, \"it that it Mitch, that's what your missing your game for to give me this piece of crap?!\" Stanley barked in an angry voice, \"Stan this is an invitation from me for a meeting tonight at 08:00 pm and it's not crap this could change both our lives as we know it?\" Stanley's face dropped as he heard him saying this, \"OK Mitch what's this about?\" Mitch laughed playfully as he smiled at Stanley, \"it's a secret Stan, meet me tonight at the McDonald's restaurant by my parent's house and I'll tell you then,\" Stanley gave him a puzzled look, \"will it just be you and me there Mitch?\" He asked him in a warm voice, \"nah Stan my girlfriend Peggy will be coming as well,\" Stanley smiled and nodded at Mitch as he put one of his hands on his boyfriends shoulders, \"I'll catch you late please don't disappoint me.\" He then walked off to where his teams mates had gone leaving Stanley alone and confused./span/p p style=\"margin: 0px; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 17px; line-height: normal; font-family: '.SF UI Text'; color: #454545; min-height: 20.3px;\" /p p style=\"margin: 0px; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 17px; line-height: normal; font-family: '.SF UI Text'; color: #454545; min-height: 20.3px;\" /p p style=\"margin: 0px; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 17px; line-height: normal; font-family: '.SF UI Text'; color: #454545;\" /p[Chapter 3] p style=\"margin: 0px; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 17px; line-height: normal; font-family: '.SF UI Text'; color: #454545;\"span style=\"font-family: '.SFUIText'; font-size: 17pt;\"Stanley was both excited and puzzled at Mitch's invitation to McDonald's as he constancy kept checking his watch for the time, \"it's not like him to invite me out for dinner, I wonder whats got into him?\" He said as he was about to leave his house, as he was about to open the door to go out her heard his mom shouting his name, \"Stanley are you going out?\" \"Yes mom,\" Stanley shouted back impatiently as he stepped out, \"where are you going?\" She shouted out again, \"round to Mitch's I'll be home tomorrow after school at 03:30 pm,\" he shouted up at her in an angry voice, \"OK have a nice time and not drinking alcohol remember what happened last time you did that?\" \"OK mom I won't do that, see you tomorrow love you\" Stanley said as he stepped outside and closed the door gently behind him. As he give this he turned his head around and looked around, in front of him was a large patch of wet grass, \"arrg, I wish that mom wouldn't keep going on and on about that?\" He sad to himself as he walked toward the lawn, \"now where did i put that bike?\" He asked himself as he turned his head, at his left hand side there was a large grey coloured stone wall, resting against it was a blue coloured push bike, Stanley smiled as he slowly walked up to it. Before he picked it up he looked at hs watch and his face dropped, \"oh no it's 07:30, that gives me half an hour to get there great just great I'am gong to be late,\" he then quickly got on the bike and pedalled as fast as he could he was going to make it for 08:00 not matter what. /span/p p style=\"margin: 0px; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 17px; line-height: normal; font-family: '.SF UI Text'; color: #454545; min-height: 20.3px;\" /p p style=\"margin: 0px; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 17px; line-height: normal; font-family: '.SF UI Text'; color: #454545;\"span style=\"font-family: '.SFUIText'; font-size: 17pt;\"Mitch smiled at his fake girlfriend Peggy Brandt as he brought over two large cheese burger and fries and a coffee and coke to the table where they both were sitting, lie Mitch Peggy was eighteen and very attractive, she had long straight red coloured hair and always wore the same sort of clothes. Tonight she wore a pair of blue jeans, a white shirt and a brown leather jacket, she looked at Mitch as sat next to her. Reached over he put one of his arms over her waist, Peggy looked at him and noticed that he was smiling, \"you seem happy about something Mitch?\" Mitch looked at her with a fire in both of his eyes, \"I had some really good news at school today Pegg,\" \"really and what news might that have been?\" Peggy asked in a warm voice, Mitch smiled still at her as he made a grab for the cheese burger in front of him, \"my team and I got the cut and we're playing in the season next week,\" Peggy grinned at him and laughed, \"that's great news Mitch well done I'm so proud of you.\" \"Thanks Pegg,\" he said back to her as he took a bit out of the burger, \"by the way Pegg do you now what time it is?\" Peggy folded her jacket sleeve back and looked at her watch underneath, \"it's almost 07:45, why is something wrong?\" Mitch looked at her as he wiped his mouth with a napkin, \"I'm meeting a friend here tonight,\" hearing him saying this Peggy's face dropped, \"you're meeting your friend Stanley aren't you Mitch?\" She started laughing as she reached her hand over to make a grab for her burger, Mitch smiled at her as he watched her taking a bite, \"yes that's true Pegg I am meeting Stanley is that alright?\" Peggy stopped what she was doing and smiled at him, \"yes of course it's alright Mitch I like Stanley like you and why did you ask me such a stupid question?\" /span/p p style=\"margin: 0px; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 17px; line-height: normal; font-family: '.SF UI Text'; color: #454545; min-height: 20.3px;\" /p p style=\"margin: 0px; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 17px; line-height: normal; font-family: '.SF UI Text'; color: #454545;\"span style=\"font-family: '.SFUIText'; font-size: 17pt;\"Mitch let out a deep breath and looked at Peggy, \"thanks Pegg for this,\" he said in a warm voice, \"I owe you one,\" Peggy smiled back at him, \"no you owe me two Mitch one for keeping your secret and one for Stanley.\" They then started laughing at other another and as they were doing this they both didn't see Stanley, \"is everything OK here?\" He said as he walked slowly towards they table, \"Stanley glad that you could come, what took you so long babe?\" Stanley gave him an odd look and then turned his head around to Peggy, \"hey there Pegg long time no see how are you?\" Peggy looked at him and smiled, \"I'm fine Stanley I suppose that Mitch hasn't told you the reason why he invited as both out at the same time did he?\" Stanley looked at her and then turned his head towards his boyfriend, he then turned back around to her, \"no he didn't said it was a secret.\" \"Mitch,\" Peggy said in cool tone, \"you shouldn't really leave people in the dark,\" at this Mitch started laughing, \"OK I admit I have kept this secret from both you and Stanley and you deserve to know about what I've got lined up for you both are you ready?\" Both Peggy and Stanley nodded and Mitch smiled, \"can you both remember Mad Man Smith?\" Peggy's smile faded from her lips as she looked hard at Mitch, \"wasn't that the old man who went crazy and shot himself in the head Mitch!?\" Her tone was hard and icy, \"yes that was him but you never guess what there was something that he kept hidden in that house, something special,\" \"what was it Mitch?\" Stanley asked as he listened with interest at what his boyfriend had to say, \"dunno Stan,\" Mitch said back, \"what I do know is that it was something powerful and ancient,\" \"is this thing dangerous Mitch and surely you,me or Stanley aren't going to use it?\" Peggy asked in yet another hard voice, \"relax Pegg,\" Mitch said as he leaned back in his chair, \"no one is asking you to use it,\" \"where is this thing Mitch?\" Stanley asked in a puzzled voice, Mitch turned his head around and smiled at him, \"it's in that house and after we leave here we're heading straight there to get it,\" hearing me saying this both Stanley and Peggy looked at each other with faces filled with horror./span/p p style=\"margin: 0px; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 17px; line-height: normal; font-family: '.SF UI Text'; color: #454545; min-height: 20.3px;\" /p p style=\"margin: 0px; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 17px; line-height: normal; font-family: '.SF UI Text'; color: #454545;\" /p[Chapter 4] It was getting later as Stanley Peggy and Mitch made their way towards the old house that belonged to Old man Smith, as they all stoody by the gates Peggy who had been standing next to Mitch gently put one of her hands of his shoulders, \"are you sure that this is sure a good idea Mitch?\" Mitch turned round and smiled at her, \"are you afraid of what we might find in there Peggy?\" He asked her in a mocking sort of tone, \"no,not at all Mitch,\" she screamed at him as he had just hurt her feelings, \"it's just we don't know weather or not that house is dangerous or not, I mean look at it the place is falling apart?!\" Mitch turned his head around and saw a large gaping hole in the roof, he then turned his head around back to Peggy and smiled, \"yeah so the house is in need of repair so what, but isn't the thought of finding something hidden inside excite you?\" Hearing him saying this Peggy turned her head away in disgust, \"this does excite me Mitch but I am not going to risk my safety to look for some stupid item, now if you will excuse me I going home,\" \"why?\" Mitch asked as she walked off, \"because Mitch I am working on a project of my own tomorrow and it's called the school newspaper and I've got to wake up early,\" before Mitch could say anymore she had disappeared, Stanley then walked up slowly to him and looked up at him, \"what if Peggy's right Mitch, what if this place is dangerous?\" Hearing him saying this Mitch let out a laugh, \"don't be stupid Stanley are you going to let me do this on my own like Peggy's just done or are you going to stay and help me?\" Before he answer him Stanley saw Mitch crawling thought a gap in the gate and running toward the door of the house, \"come on Stanley, I haven't got all night to wait for you,\" without a second thought Stanley squeezed himself thought the gap and ran up to the door where Mitch was waiting for him. As he got near to him, he was panting like a dog, \"what took you so long Ipkiss?\" Mitch asked in a sour voice, \"sorry Mitch let me just rest here a bit just until I've got my breath back,\" Mitch put one of his hand gently on Stanley's shoulders and smiled, \"there will be time to rest, but it won't be now come on let's go inside shall we?\" Again like as before Mitch opened the old looking wooden door and passed thought into the old house, \"Stanley what are you waiting for come on in now?!\" He shouted in a loud and angry voice, Stanley ignored getting his breath back as he ran inside the house, to his surprise he looked around and found the house to be a dump. There were cobwebs everywhere broken expensive furniture littered the hall there was even a broken expensive vase lying on the floor, Stanley turned to Mitch who was smiling at him, \"guess that old man Smith didn't really care for these items?\" Stanley looked at him as he caught his breath back, \"where do you think that Smith kept that item hidden Mitch, as I can't see anywhere here?\" Mitch gave him a sour look and pointed with one of his fingers to the old staircase, \"perhaps Smith hid it upstairs in one of the bedrooms?\" He then started to climb up the staircase, \"your not going up there are you Mitch?\" Stanley shouted up to him in a worried voice, \"it'll be just like here a dump and unsafe,\" Mitch gave him a dirty look, \"Stanley shut up and follow me there s nothing to be afraid of here.\" Like as before Stanley didn't answer him he just follow after him up the stairs, as they both reached the top they both came to a landing, in the middle there were three doors one on the right, one on the left and one in the middle, Mitch turned to Stanley and grinned at him, \"see what luck we are having,one of these room much hold the item?\" Stanley looked at him confused, \"yeah Mitch but which one?\" Mitch smiled at him and put one of his hands around his waist, \"why don't we find out Stan, you check in the middle room and I'll check in the right room?\" At this Stanley ran towards the middle room and opened the door, as he did this he looked over to Mitch, \"what should I do if I find anything Mitch?\" Mitch looked over at him and gave him a dirty look, \"just shout me you fool!\" He then opened the door and passed into the room, Stanley did the same, as he entered the room all he could find were dirty rags and broken pieces of furniture, in one corner of the room there was a smashed up bath. \"Nothing in here that's worth much,\" Stanley said as he looked up at the ceiling which had a large hole in it, as he looked up he heard what sound like Mitch screaming. Stanley then ran out of the middle room and into the room that Mitch had entered, as he passed thought the door he saw Mitch sat on what looked like a king sized bed, next to him lying on the floor covered in dusty old rags was a skeleton it's right hand was clenched into a fist and it looked like it was holding something, Stanley looked at Mitch with a face of both shock and horror, \"Mitch is that who I think it is?\" Stanley asked in a soft voice, Mitch turned to him his face of white as a sheet, \"yes Stan that's is or was old man Smith.\" \"Poor guy,\" Stanley said in a sad voice, \"he must have been desperate?\" Hearing this Mitch sat up from the bed and knelt over by the skeleton, he then made a grab for the hand, \"what are you dong Mitch, can't you leave the dead in peace?!\" Stanley said as he shouted at his friend, Mitch turned to him and gave him and angry look, \"Stanley you don't get it do you, old man Smith has the key in his hand to where his secret is hidden so be quiet will you and let me find it!\"[Chapter 5] Stanley watched in horror as Mitch snapped the fingers on the hand of the skeleton back, there was a horrible snapping and crunching of bone as the fingers fell a few yards away from the body, Mitch then looked up to Stanley smiling as he held up a small iron key in his hand. \"See Stanley,\" he said as he walked towards him, \"what did I tell you,\" Stanley looked at him and then looked over at the body, \"that key doesn't mean that you have to defile a body though does it?\" Mitch smiled and laugh at him as he said this, \"but it will be all worth it don't you think in the end now won't it?\" Stanley looked at him in disgust as he stood up, \"what are we looking for Mitch?\" At this Mitch gave him a very sour look on hs face, \"how should I know Stanley? Old man Smith must have kept his secret hidden somewhere in this room,\" as he said this he began walking along to the bedroom window and as he did this he hadn't noticed a large chest was in his way, \"we're got to find it no-.\" At this point Mitch fell over and hit his arm agaist the hard wooden surface of the bedrooms room, seeing his friend Stanley rushed over to help him up, \"Mitch are you OK, did you hurt yourself?\" He asked in a warm and worried sounding voice, Mitch looked at him and gave him an angry look as he pushed his hand away, \"Stanley are you alright, what a stupid question of course I am not alright?!\" As he got up he looked over to where he had fallen and saw the chest, \"I think I must have tripped over that thing?\" He said as he stood up and began shaking the dust off his clothes, Stanley walked slowly up to the chest and looked at it, \"do you think that the old man may have hidden that item in here Mitch?\" Mitch looked at him and smiled as he rubbed his arm \"there is only one way to find out Stanley,\" he said as he held the key up in his hand and walked slowly over to the chest, he then held the key to the lock and began turning it strangely enough the key fitted perfectly. As the lock began to open Mitch turned toward Stanley and smiled, \"would you care to open the chest Stan,\" he said in an excited voice, \"seeing as you were the one to suggest trying the key in the first place.\" Stanley nodded in agreement as he ran over to the chest, pulling both of his hands on the lid he yanked it open and as he opened it he looked inside, \"well was inside Stanley?\" Mitch asked impatiently as he turned his head to the other young man smiling as he did, Stanley looked at him as he put his hand inside and brought it out, as he did Mitch's face dropped to see only a dusty brown old wooden mask in his friends hands. Stanley gave him a sight smiled as he placed in onto the floor at his friends feet, \"that's it, this old piece of crap is what old mad Smith was hiding for all of those years?!\" He said in an angry tone as he stood up and walked away, Stanley looked over at him as he picked the mask up himself, \"I wouldn't say that this was crap Mitch,\" he said softly as he held the object up near his face, \"I wonder what I would look like if I tried it on?\" Saying this he placed the mask onto his face and as soon as he did this he felt it melting, it started to change colour from a muddy brown to a sickly dark green as it began spreading over his face, Stanley screamed in pain as the mask began moulding itself as he screamed Mitch came running it. \"Stanley,\" he screamed out as he ran over to his friend, \"what the hell is happening and why did you wear that Mask?\" Before Stanley had chance to say anything his whole body was consumed into a mini twister, all Mitch could do was watch as this was happening, suddenly and without warning the twister stopped leaving Stanley standing over Mitch. He was wearing a pair of blue coloured jeans, a red and yellow tee shirt and a baseball cap, everything seem normal apart from his head which was now large and coloured lime green. Mitch's face dropped as he saw the look in the green headed terrors eyes as he came slowly towards him with both hands out ready to grab him, \"hi Mitchy boy my lover boy,\" he said as he smiled at the other young man, \"give me a kiss why don't you as I have missed you?\" Mitch looked back at him, \"so this is old man Smith's secret, why not use this mask for my own purpose's?\" \"Stan why don't you come over here there is something that I would lie to show you,\" he said as he smiled back at the green headed young man, \"what is it that you would like to show me babe?\" Stanley asked in a low soft voice, \"would it be to have a good time with you?\" Mitch laughed out loud as he saw that he was getting closer, \"no this stan,\" taking both of his face he grabbed the mask and began to pull hard, \"what are you doing to my face sweetheart?\" His friend asked in a worried voice, there was a bright flash of green light as Mitch pulled the mask away from Stanley's face, once this happened Mitch found himself lying on the hard floor a few yards away from Stanley. In his hands was the mask he gave a slight smile as he held it up to his face, Stanley watched as he did this screaming in terror.[Chapter 6] Stanley ran up to Mitch as he held the mask up to his face, \"no Mitch don't put that thing on it'll ruin you please don't!\" It was too late the mask spread over his face twisting and changing shape as it did, there was a bright green flash of light as Mitch's body was consumed by a mini twister, all Stanley could do was watch in horror as his boyfriend was transformed in a monster. Once the twister had died down Mitch stood over Stanley and walked slowly towards him, like Stanley's transformation before Mitch looked normal apart from the large green head, he was wearing a pair of leather trousers, as well as a black leather vest, on his hands he wore a pair of black fingerless leather gloves his hair was black and spiked and his eyes glowed a hot red. \"Ipkiss there you are,\" he shouted in angry voice, \"thank you for helping me in getting this prize I've got something to give you.\" Saying this he closed one of his hands into a fist and aimed it at Stanley, \"Mitch you've got to take that thing off you face,\" the monster gave him an angry look, \"and why would I do that Ipkiss?!\" He asked him in an aggressive tone, \"because that thing drove Old man Smith man,\" Stanley replied back as he started shaking, \"the only reason why you want me to take this mask off is because you are jealous?\" The monster said as he made a grab for Stanley, holding his by his neck he threw Stanley onto the bed which then broke into pieces, as this happened Stanley hit his head against something hard and blacked out, \"ow you no fun at all Ipkiss,\" Mitch said as he walked toward the door of the room, \"time to make my exit so long loser.\" Saying this the monster span into a mini twister and disappeared thought the door leaving Stanley alone, \"Mitch, Mitch are you there oh God my head?\" Stanley heard himself saying as he woke up to find himself alone and lying on a dirty mattress, as he was getting up he began to rub one of his hands against his head, as he looked at it he could see a bit of blood, \"oh God blood I wonder what happened to Mitch and if he's alright?\" Then as if something had hit him in his face he remember, \"oh God the mask and Mitch has it shit I've got to look for him,\" he then ran out of the room down towards the stairs and out thought the main door. As he did this he heard what sounded like a great thud he turned and saw the house caving in on itself throwing clouds of dust into the air, Stanley turned back around and gulped hard thinking about what Peggy had said earlier about safety, \"I can't think about that now,\" he said to himself as he made his way to the gates, \"I've got to think about getting that mask off Mitch's face before anything bad happens.\" The next day Stanley turned up for school, he looked very tired as he walked down the hall towards his locker, the reason for this was because he had been up half the night looking for Mitch and the mask. As he approached his locker he heard voices coming towards him, as he turned his head he saw a group of football players leading them was none other than Mitch himself before they passed him Stanley ran up to his friend, \"hey Mitch was happened last night and where is that Mask?\" Mitch turned his head towards Stanley and for the first time since he had know him Stanley could see that he was angry towards him, \"get the fuck away from me you faggot freak!\" He said as he pick Stanley up by his neck and slammed him into a locker, doing this made the players laugh as they all watched Stanley crawling on the floor in pain, \"that will teach you Ipkiss nice one Mitch,\" one of them said in a mocking tone of voice. \"Hey leave him alone,\" shouted a female's voice, \"I'm warning you!\" Hearing this the players moved quickly as Peggy came running towards them, with her was a large fat young man with curly red coloured hair, \"let's get outta here Mitch,\" shouted one of the players who was tugging at his jacket. \"Yeah,\" said another one, \"before Ipkiss's girlfriend get us,\" they then ran out towards a pair of double doors, before Mitch passed thought he turned his head and raised a fist towards Stanley who then was being helped up by Peggy and the other young man. As Peggy held out her hand she looked at Stanley who then started to cry, \"are you alright Stanley?\" She asked in a kind warm voice, she then turned to the other young man, \"Doyle will you help me to get him up please?\" The young man stopped what he was doing and grabbed one of Stanley's arms and lifted him up, as they were doing this Stanley watched in horror as Mitch walked off leavng him with both Peggy and her friend.[Chapter 7] It had been a week now since Mitch had used the mask, since then his personality had changed towards Stanley becoming more aggressive more angrier, \"it's probably me, I'm to blame?\" Stanley said to himself as he sat on a table by himself playing with a plate of potatoes, \"might if we join you for lunch?\" A female voice asked warmly, Stanley turned his head around to see both Peggy and her friend Doyle coming toward him, a smiled appeared on his face, \"not at all Pegg be my guest after all it's a free country isn't it?\" Peggy smiled back as he sat next to him, Doyle sat facing her on the other side, \"so Stan,\" Doyle said in a warm voice, \"Peggy tell me that you and Mitch found something in old man Smith's house is that right?\" Stanley looked at him and gave him a puzzled look, \"yes but how did you know about that?\" He then turned his head towards Peggy who lowered her head in shame, \"Peggy is there something that you're not telling me?\" Peggy raised her head and put one of her hands inside her jacket pocket, \"look at this Stanley and then you will see why I had to tell Doyle,\" she pulled out a newspaper and handed it over to Stanley, on the front there was a photo of what looked like Mitch's masked form underneath in big bold letters was the headline, \"green terror strikes again.\" Stanley looked at Peggy and his face was full of fear, \"that's Mitch isn't it?\" She asked in a gently voice, \"what did you fine that night Stanley and what is this thing?\" Stanley looked at her and before he could say anything he felt a lump in his thoat, \"Stanley what's the matter?\" Doyle asked in a friendly voice, Stanley turned his head to them both and then started crying, \"it's a mask that me and him found on old man Smith's body, I used it first and then Mitch did,\" Peggy looked at him in surprise, \"so that was what drove Smith mad then this Mask was to blame?\" Stanley looked at her and nodded, \"and it looks like it's going to do the same to Mitch?\" Doyle looked at Stanley and stood up, \"not if I have anything to say about it Stanley,\" he then turned to Peggy, \"I think that we should do something to help do you Pegg?\" Peggy then placed one of her hands on Stanley's shoulders, \"I think we should arrange a meeting between you and Mitch just so that you can tell and show him that you care and that the Mask is evil?\" Stanley looked at her and wiped the tears from his eyes, \"where and when Peggy?\" Peggy turned to Doyle and then back around to Stanley, \"the old chocolate factory that's near where I live,\" \"are you sure that he will come Peggy, I mean you know what Kellyaway's like don't you?\" Peggy tunred towards him and smiled, \"oh he will come alrght Doyle once he knows that hs secret about the Mask is out,\" she then turned back to Stanley and smiled, \"meet both me and Doyle at 06;00 pm tonight by mine and I'll take you down to the chocolate factory we will end ths tonight.\" Hearing this Stanley started smiling as he knew that Mitch wouldn't let his secret about the mask get out, \"OK then Pegg tell me your plan and what you want me to do?\"[Chapter 8] Stanley began to tremble and shake as he walked down a narrow lane, walking in front and behind him were both Peggy and Doyle, \"are you alright Stanley?\" Peggy asked him as she turned her head around to face him, \"yeah I'm fine Peggy,\" Stanley said back to her as he held both of his arms up to his chest, \"it's just so cold out tonight don't you think?\" Doyle gently put one of his hands onto Stanley's shoulder, \"don't worry Stanley we're almost there,\" Stanley then saw Peggy moving forward a little so that he could see, as she did this Stanley saw a large red brick coloured building with a black slate coloured roof. At the side surrounding it was a black iron fence, seeing this reminded him of Smith's old house. He then gently tapped Peggy's arm, she turned her head and smiled, \"how do we get inside Peggy as I don't see an entrance?\" Peggy looked at him and laughed softly, \"this is where me and Mitch used to hang out when we first started going out with each other,\" she said softly as she looked over at Doyle. Seeing her doing this Doyle put on of his hands over his head out of embarrassment, she then turned back to Stanley, \"the main entrance is though a gap in those gates, do you see it Stanley?\" Stanley gazed thought the fence to see a large gap big enough for the three of them to squeeze though, at the end was the entrance to the chocolate factory a large black coloured wooden door that looked like it was rotting away, as they got closer Peggy gently put one of her hands onto Stanley's shoulder, \"right Stanley are you ready to do this as they will be no turning back for you once your thought?\" Stanley smiled faintly at her, \"there's no other choice here for me Peggy, I've got to get that Mask off Mitch no matter what,\" \"then what are we waiting for let's do this?\" Doyle said in an encouraging voice as he began to squeeze through the gap of the fence, seeing him doing this both Peggy and Stanley did the same, once they were through they made their way toward the door that lead inside the factory. As they got closer Peggy face dropped as she saw that the door had been smashed, both Stanley and Doyle looked at her then at the door and they at each other in shock, \"looks like somebody beat us here,\" Doyle said in a worried sounding voice, \"yeah and I can think who that might be, I just hope that he isn't using that demon mask?\" Stanley said as he could feel his body shaking in fear, Peggy then looked at them both, \"it might not be Mitch could be some else, why don't we go inside and take a quick look?\" Without thinking of the risks she then stepped thought the door and into the darkness of the factory, as they both watched her Doyle turned to Stanley and smiled, \"looks like we better follower her ah Stanley?\" Stanley then nodded in agreement and then followed closely behind Doyle as they both passed though the door they both saw Peggy, \"you two took your time,\" she said in a angry voice, \"what's the matter had you got other things on?\" Doyle then smiled at her as he slowly walked up to her, \"sorry Peggy,\" he said in a low voice, \"I was trying to reassure Stanley,\" \"reassure for what, Stanley knows what must be done doesn't he?\" She said in an angry voice, as she said this there was a loud bang followed by a trail of smoke that was pouring out from a set of double doors, Stanley then turned to Peggy with a worried look on his face, \"is that what I think that it could be Peggy?\" He asked in a low and worried voice, Peggy then turned to him and smiled, \"you better see what's happening behind those doors then Stanley, go one both me and Doyle will be right behind you.\" Stanley smiled at her and then raced down the corridor towards the doors, he then opened them and ran through, seeing him doing this both Doyle and Peggy did the same. As they all passed though the doors they came into a large room, Stanley turned his head toward Peggy who was now standing next to him, \"what's this place Peggy?\" He asked in a puzzled voice, \"this looks like the old storage room Stan, look can you see the old convener belts?\" Stanley saw them and smiled as he started imaging rows and rows of chocolate bars being sorted by staff members ready to be put into boxes to be transported all over Edge City and beyond, as his mind came back into the real world he then heard footsteps coming from in front of them, \"I knew that you would show up Stan.\" A familiar voice then said in an angry tone, \"and look your brought your friends that I can play with,\" stepping out of the shadows was Mitch, in one of his hands was the mask and in the other was a still burning cigarette which he began puffing on. He was wearing a black and red football shirt, on his head was a black baseball cap, \"Mitch what have you been up to?\" Peggy asked as she turned her head towards him, \"can't you see that you had Stanley worried about you, you don't seem to realise that Mask is turning you into something that your no-?\" \"Shut it bitch,\" Mitch shouted at her in a loud voice, \"I'm tired of answering to stupid people like your and your friends and now I think that's it's time that you paid the price?!\" He then threw the cigarette to the floor and then lifted the Mask to his face, as he did this there was a brilliant flash of green light followed by a loud bang as the mask spread over his face, Doyle, Peggy and Stanley watched in horror as Mitch's body was consumed into a mini twister.[Chapter 9] CHAPTER 08 Stanley, Peggy and Doyle stood watching in horror as the twister began to died down, suddenly it stopped and stepping out of it was Mitch, his eyes glowed red like two hot coals, his hair was black and spiked, he wore a pair of black leather trousers and a black leather vest and around his neck he wore a spike collar. As he saw the three of them he smiled at them showing them a pair of razor sharp teeth, \"well look what I've got to play with,\" he said in an evil voice, \"which of you losers will be my first victim?\" he asked as he walked slowly up to them with his hands out reed to make a grab, Peggy turned her head to Doyle and they stood in front of Stanley, seeing them doing this Mitch mask laughed, \"do you think that you can stop me from reaching Ipkiss?\" He asked as he growled at them both, \"just try it Kellyaway,\" Doyle then said in a brave voice, \"both me and Peggy won't let you hurt Stanley any more with that Mask.\" For a moment Mitch stopped as he was surprised at what he heard, then without warning his hands suddenly inflated growing bigger, he then reached out to them both and grabbed them, \"do you two need a lift?\" He asked as he threw them a fair distance away from where Stanley was standing, Stanley watched in horror as he saw the monster that his boyfriend had become getting closer to him, \"Ipkiss come here no as I want to have a word with you.\" Mitch said as he grabbed him by his neck, \"Mitch,\" Stanley said as he felt Mitch's hand tightening around his neck, \"don't you realise what your doing, this isn't like you?\" Mitch then grew angry as he heard this, \"why do you want me to stop weakling are you jealous or something because I've got power?\" Stanley's face then began streaming with tears as he heard this, \"no I'am not jealous Mitch, I am worried about you, that thing has turned you into something that you're not, please your got it take it off now before you do something bad.\" Seeing this and hearing his boyfriend Stanley begging like he did broke Mitch's heart, \"Oh my God what I have I done?\" Tearing then started to stream down his beg green cheeks as he then dropped him to the floor and lifted both of his hands to his face and began pulling hard trying to rip the Mask off, there was a brilliant green flash followed what sounded like the rumble of thunder as Mitch ripped the Mask from his face. Stanley sat on the ground and watched as his boyfriend slowly walked up to him holding the Mask, \"Stanley are you alright?\" he asked as he leaned over and grabbed his hand, \"yeah I'm fine Mitch,\" he said as he began wiping the tears away from his face, \"are you OK?\" He asked in a worried voice as he got back to his feet, Mitch looked at him and then looked away, \"I am so very sorry about what I put you thought Stanley, I was such a fool to think that this thing could bring us closer together?\" He looked at the Mask which was still in his hand with disgust, Stanley slowly walked towards him and put one of his hands gently on his shoulder, \"it doesn't matter now Mitch about the Mask as you have learnt the truth about it,\" \"then what should we do Stan?\" Mitch asked as he looked up at hs boyfriend and gave him a puzzled look, \"we can destroy it can we and we can't give it to anyone else,\" Stanley then smiled as he laid hs hand over the Mask, \"then why don't we bury it, safe it falling into the wrong hands?\" Mitch smiled at him and gently hugged him, Peggy woke up and found that she was now on top of Doyle, \"oh my back, God I wish that hadn't happened I gonna feel that next week?\" The young man said as he woke up, Peggy then smiled at him as they began to look at each other, \"you know Doyle,\" she said smiling, \"your cute when your angry fancy going out with me?\" Doyle smiled at her as he went to kiss her, before that could happen Peggy turned her head to see Stanley and Mitch running to the main entrance, \"hey Stanley,\" she shouted, \"where are you going?\" Stanley stopped and looked at her, \"I'm just off to bury this and to make love with my boyfriend,\" he said he held the mask up high, \"thank you for your help tonight Peggy I couldn't have done this without you and Doyle.\" It was getting on for 08:30 pm as Mitch began digging a large hole in a garden, once he was finished he turned to Stanley, \"Stan have you got the box?\" Hearing him saying this Stanley presented him a large cardboard shoe box, Mitch turned to him and smiled, \"do you want me to do the honours or do you?\" Stanley handed the large box over and smiled at the other young man, \"you do it Mitch please I don't want to touch that thing ever again,\" Mitch then dropped the box into the dirt and began burying it. After this was doing he turned to Stanley and smiled, \"hey Stan after the big game tonight fancy staying over at mine tonight, we could watch a movie ?\" Stanley said blushing, Mitch then said with a smile \"how about we go now and just fall asleep in each others arms? He then looked at his boyfriend and smiled, then realised what he had just asked him Stanley looked at him in surprise, \"what about your team mates won't they get angry and upset with you?\" Mitch laughed then said, \"fuck them as well Stan all I want to do is to be with and cuddle, I nearly lost you and you're more important to me that some stupid dumb game and some stupid dumb jocks.\" hearing him saying this Stanley threw his arms around him and they both started kissing, once they had done this Mitch looked up at him and smiled, \"let's go Stan, I've got a busy day tomorrow as I am coming out and we'll be officially going out.\" Both young men then walked hand in hand thought an open door and into a house, as they were doing this Stanley began to think to himself that his future no their future together would be great.[Chapter 10] EPILOGUE It had been a few weeks since Mitch and Stanley found the mask, since that time they had both decied to bury it to prevent it from ever falling into the wrongs hands, the day after that Mitch had decided to break the news at school that he and Stanley were gay and were now going out with each other. In the months that followed their relationship grew with thanks to their friends Peggy and Doyle, one day Stanley was in the kitchen and Mitch crept up on him, \"guess who?\" He asked as he put both of his hands over Stanley s eyes, \"very funny Mitch,\" Stanley said as he wasn't really impressed by what his boyfriend had just done, \"did you want to tell me something babe, is it important?\" He asked as he turned his head around to see Mitch smiling at him, \"it is as this could change both of our lives?\" Stanley smiled at him, \"really what is it?\" Mitch smiled at him, \"close both of your eyes and you will see,\" Stanley did as he was told as he closed his eyes Mitch keeled down onto one kneel and took a box out of his trousers pocket, \"you can open you eyes now Stanley.\" He said as he opened the box, as he opened his eyes Stanley gazed at the box then at a large diamond engagement ring, his eyes lit up as he saw the look on Mitch's face, \"Stanley will you marry me?\" Stanley looked at him and smiled, \"are you proposing to me Mitch and do you want my answer to your question?\"Mitch looked at him and smiled, \"just a simple yes or no will do Stan,\" Stanley looked at him and smiled, \"and what if Mitch I simply give you the straight answer no I don't want to marry you?\" Mitch looked at him as Stanley wrapped his arms around his waist, \"then I would cry and wish that I was dead Stan, I can't live without you,\" Stanley looked up at him and smiled, \"that's only because you love me so much isn't it?\"\"Yes Stan I do,\" Mitch said as he began crawling on both his hands and kneels, Stanley then got down on one kneel and gently lifted Mitch's head up with his hand, \"then my answer to that question is yes I do Mitch.\" Hearing this Mitch gently kissed Stanley hand and then picked himself up from the floor, as he did this Stanley grabbed hold of him and began kissing him, Mitch closed his eyes and drifted into a dream like state very soon Stanley would be his and his alone. Five years later. On a hill over looking the sea surrounded by a large number of guests Stanley Ipkiss and Mtch Kellaway couldn't really believe that it was their wedding day, Stanley was holding Peggy's arm and Mitch was holding Doyle's as they both stood next to each other Mitch started shaking, \"what made me get with Stanley and why does he love me so much?\" He began to ask him as they both turned towards the alter and a vicar, \"dearly beloved we welcome both Stanley Ipkiss and Mitch Kellyaway as they both enter holy matrimonial, if they is any most you who wish to say anything against these two wedding please let him speak now of forever hold his peace?\" Hearing ths the crowd stood silent as the vicar turned towards Stanley, \"do you Stanley Ipkiss take Mitch Kellyaway as you husband to have and to hold in sickness and in health to death do you part?\" Stanley looked at Mitch and smiled, \"I do,\" Mitch smiled back as he turned to the vicar, \"Mitch Kellyaway do you take Stanley Ipkiss to be you lawful wedded husband to have and to hold in sickness and in health to death do you part?\" Mitch then turned back to Stanley and then to the vicar smiling, \"I do,\" the vicar then turned toward them both and laid his hands on both of their heads, \"then with the power invested in me I announce you both husband and husband, you may kiss each other.\" There came a gasp from the crowd followed by a clap of hands as Stanley and Mitch threw their arms around each other and started kiss passionately, as they were finishing Stanley announced to their quest \"thank you all for coming and now would you please if you can go to the reception and meet us their and there are some snacks and drinks so you don't starve\" Stanley said with a smile \"ok Mitch do you have it in your pocket?\" Yes I do let's get this over and done with\" Mitch and Stanley pull Peggy and Doyle aside to the cliff and Mitch shows them what he has in his pocket' Peggy and Doyle let out a big gasp and Peggy said \"what the hell why do you have that thing for\" Stanley and Mitch are telling her to quiet down and Stanley said \"we are getting rid of this thing once and for all\" as he picked up a metal box they hid, Mitch opened the box and placed the mask in, \"we are throwing this into the ocean an make a pact that we don't speak of this again and hopefully never come back\" Stanley looked at his new husband and smiled,then Mitch said to them \"I want this day to be remembered for our wedding and not me nearly killing the ones I love\" he said crying and held his head in shame as he tried to blot out that bad memory from his mind, Stanley then smiled as he handed him the box, \"would you care to do the honours Mitch please,\" \"what you want me to do it?\" Mitch asked smiling as he too the box from Stanley, \"with pleasure,\" he said smiling back at his husband and the four walked towards the edge of a cliff, \"bye, bye Mask you horrible thing and see you in hell.\" He shouted as he threw the box off the cliff and into the sea, as it hit the water the box sank like a stone, Mitch then gave his new husband a hug and a kiss then Peggy and Doyle joined in on the hug and the four laughed. \"The deed is done, it's finally over\" he said as he gently rubbed his hand against Stanley's back, \"I knew that you could do it how do you feel?\" Mitch looked at him and smiled back, \"I feel great now that we got rid of that thing and also because we are now married,\" \"good Mitch I am very proud of you, come on over as we will have to be polite to our guests.\" Mitch smiled at him and then took his hand as they made their way towards a large table where their guests had gathered, before they could join their guests they bumped into two friends of theirs Evelyn and Charlie \"hey congratulations you two it was such a lovely service wasn't it?\" Evelyn said as she was smiling at them both,\"hey thanks Evelyn\", Stanley said and gave her a hug and said \"please have some food and drinks and mingle\" Charlie then said \"you don't need to tell me twice come on babe\" Stanley walked over to Peggy and asked her \"hey Peggy are you OK because I can't put my finger on it but you look different some how\" \"you to huh\" Peggy said to Stanley as she rubbed her belly and said \"well Doyle and I were going to tell you later\" Mitch asked her in surprised, Stanley covered his mouth with one of his hands as he laughed softly and said \"are you and Doyle\" \"yes we are,\" Doyle interrupted, \"but it's a secret OK\" Stanley looked at her and smiled, \"congratulations Peggy and are you and Doyle a couple now?\" Peggy smiled at him, \"yes and we are due to get marred soon,\" she then held up one of her fingers, on it was a white gold engagement ring which held a small white coloured diamond. After the congratulations from Stanley and Mitch they then went to their table with Peggy and Doyle holding hands and the four of them made their way toward the table to join the rest of their guests, to which Mitch told his guests \"thank you for coming to our wedding and I'm happy to say that Doyle and I made Lieutenant and we're going to be partners on the force\" the guest clapped in excitement. Both Stanley and Mitch spent two years living happily together and when Peggy expected she gave birth to a beautifully baby girl who she called Kathy, she also had Stanley and Mitch as her daughters God parents, very soon as well both of them were invited to yet another wedding where they both gave away the bride and the groom. All five of them became very good friends and started a small family. The End. ","Summary":" Prologue It was dark at the old manor house as David Smith held the mask in both of his hands, \"it"},{"Movie":"The Mask","Title":"THE MASK POWER OF LOVE (MITCH X PEGGY VERSION)","Author":"Electrodude95","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12839337","Passage":"[Chapter 1] It was dark at the old manor house as David Smith held the mask in both of his hands, \"it's mine I tell you no one else's,\" he yelled loudly as he began rocking and shaking himself violently about on his chair. David had kept the Mask for well over 60's years of his life, since that time he had worn it off and on, but now at near the end of his life the mask's power had driven him completely mad. \"It's mine and I'm the only one that should have it as I understand it's power,\" he said to himself as he sat up from the chair with the mask in his hands, he walked down towards the hall to a large open chest. Without thinking what he was doing he threw the mask in, \"there mask, here now you'll know what it's like to be locked up and pushed around like what you've done with my life, I've lost everything because of you and now it stops!\" He said in an angry voice, \"see how you like being locked up for a few years?\" He then closed the lid and locked it, then stormed away upstairs, as he climed the stairs to his bedroom toughts raced thought his mind on what he must do next. Going in to his room he opened a large chest of drawers near to a large king sized bed, as he pulled the draw open he found what he was looking for, it was an old handgun and it was loaded with one bullit. \"Good bye cruel world,\" he said as he held the gun to his head, his finger was shaking as it lay on the trigger, \"thanks for everything.\" There was a loud bang followered by a deathly slience as David's lifeless body fell to the floor, in the old mans still warm left hand was a key to the chest where the most powerfulest object on earth was now hidden away, the question was who would find it now and use it?\" Most important of all would they sircome to madness and kill themselves?[Chapter 2] Ten years later It was mid day in Edge City elementary high as a seventeen year old peggy brant walked down a large corridor towards her locker, in both of her hands she was holding a large pile of books, as she drew nearer to her locker she turned her head and saw a group of football players coming towards her. They were lead by Mitch Kellyaway a tall well built eighteen year old boy and Peggy's boyfriend, as they went passed one of them purposely knocked her shoulder into Peggy's arm and as this happened the books went flying everywhere, Peggy didn't say anythng she just gave them a dirty look knowing full well that if he did say anything the whole school would know of Kellyaway's dirty little secret. \"Arrg, I really hate that Kellyaway sometimes,\" she said quietly to herself as she got down on her hands and knees and began picking them up one by on, as she did this all of the football players started laughing. \"\"Poor little Brandt,\" one of them said outloud for all to hear, \"I don't know why the school thinks so highly of her, do you Mitch?\" Turned his head to the other player Mitch flashed him a smile, he then turned to the group smiling at them, \"you all might as well go back to the field coach will be waiting for us there,\" \"aren't you coming with us Kellyaway, we could us you?\" Another player asked him in a puzzled voice, \"I've got a few things to take care of first I won't be long,\" he said as he turned his head towards Peggy, \"but we've got a match coming up in a few mintues and we need you to be there Captain!\" Another player said in an angry voice, \"yes and I told you didn't I that I won't be long!?\" He said back in a more aggresstive sounding voice that scared the other players, \"right you heard the captain,\" said the player who had knock Peggy's arm, \"we'll see you soon Mitch.\" Mitch nooded to them as they walked away through a set of double doors, as soon as he saw that they weren't in sight he made his way over to Peggy, \"hi Peg do you need a hand?\" Peggy looked up at him as he reached out a hand, Peggy grabbed it and gave him a sour look, \"you know I wish that your boys wouldn't do that on me, why do they do it anyway?\" Mitch looked at her and gave her a friend tap on her shoulder, \"look Peg, I have told them to go easy on you,\" he said in a friend warm voice, \"do there know that you and I are a couple?\" Peggy asked in a low voice as she gathered a pile of books up, Mitch smiled softly at her, \"no not yet,\" he said softly, \"as far as they think I'm dating an imaginary girl from another town.\" Peggy smiled back at him and then turned towards her locker with the books in her hands, \"that's good news I suppose then.\" He as opened the door and shoved the book inside, she then turned back around to Kellyaway and smiled, \"listen Mitch hadn't you better go now and start your game before your teammates get angry?\" Mitch smiled at her, \"before I do that Peggy I've got something to give you,\" Peggy looked at him in surprise, \"is it important?\" She asked as she put one of her arms on Mitch's shoulders, \"hold out on of your hands and you will see Peg,\" Mitch said in a warm voice, Peggy held out her hand as Mitch put his hand into his pocket. As she saw him doing this her face dropped in disipointment as Mitch pulled out a tattered piece of paper, \"is that it Mitch, that's what your missing your game for to give me this piece of crap?!\" Peggy barked in an angry voice, \"Peg this is an invation from me for a meeting tonight at 08:00 pm and it's not crap this could change both our lives as we know it?\" Peggy's face dropped as she heard him saying this, \"OK Mitch what's this about?\" Mitch laughed playfully as he smiled at Peggy, \"it's a secret Peg, meet me tonight at the Mcdonald's resterant by my parent's house and I'll tell you then,\" Peggy gave him a puzzled look, \"will it just be you and me there Mitch?\" He asked him in a warm voice, \"nah Stanley will be there to because he is our best friend we've known each other since we were 7 and 8,\" Peggy smiled and nodded at Mitch as he put one of his hands on his girlfriends shoulders, \"I'll catch you late please don't disipoint me.\" He then walked off to where his teams mates had gone leaving Peggy alone and confussed.[Chapter 3] Peggy was both excited and puzzled at Mitch's invitation to McDonald's as she constancy kept checking her watch for the time, \"it's not like him to invite me out for dinner, I wonder whats got into him?\" She said as she was about to leave her house, as she was about to open the door to go out she heard her mom shouting his name, \"Peggy are you going out?\" \"Yes mom,\" Peggy shouted back impatiently as she stepped out, \"where are you going?\" She shouted out again, \"round to Mitch's I'll be home tomorrow at 01:30,\" she shouted up at her in an angry voice, \"OK have a nice time and not drinking alcohol remember what happened last time you did that?\" \"OK mom I won't do that, see you tomorrow love you\" Peggy said as she stepped outside and closed the door gently behind her. As she give this she turned her head around and looked around, in front of her was a large patch of wet grass, \"arrg, I wish that mom wouldn't keep going on and on about that?\" She said to himself as she walked toward the lawn, \"now where did i put that bike?\" She asked herself as she turned her head, at her left hand side there was a large grey coloured stone wall, resting against it was a blue coloured push bike, Peggy smiled as she slowly walked up to it. Before she picked it up she looked at her watch and her face dropped, \"oh no it's 07:30 , that gives me half an hour to get there great just great I'am gong to be late,\" she then quickly got on the bike and pedalled as fast as she could she was going to make it for 08:00 not matter what. Mitch smiled at his friend stanley ipkiss as he brought over two large cheese burger and fries and a coffee and coke to the table where they both were sitting, unlike Mitch and Peggy he was seventeen and very attractive, he had short brown hair and always wore the same sort of clothes. Tonight he wore a pair of blue jeans, a white shirt and a brown leather jacket, he looked at Mitch as sat next to him. Stanley looked at him and noticed that he was smiling, \"you seem happy about something Mitch?\" Mitch looked at him with a fire in both of his eyes, \"I had some really good news at school today Stan,\" \"really and what news might that have been?\" Stanley asked in a warm voice, Mitch smiled still at him as he made a grab for the cheese burger in front of him, \"my team and I got the cut and we're playing in the season next week,\" stanley grinned at him and laughed, \"that's great news Mitch well done I'm so proud of you.\" \"Thanks Stan,\" he said back to him as he took a bite out of the burger, \"by the way Stan do you now what time it is?\" Stanley folded his jacket sleeve back and looked at her watch underneath, \"it's almost 07:45 , why is something wrong?\" Mitch looked at him as he wiped his mouth with a napkin, \"I asked Peggy to come as well,\" \"well then wouldn't I be the third wheel?\" He started laughing as he reached his hand over to make a grab for his burger, Mitch smiled at him as he watched him taking a bite, \"yes that's true Stan and I thought you'd be ok with that\" mitch laughed at Stanley, Stanley stopped what he was doing and smiled at him, \"well you could've let me invite my girlfriend Evelyn along\" mitch apologises to Stanley Mitch let out a deep breath and looked at Stanley, \"thanks Stan for this,\" he said in a warm voice, \"I owe you one,\" Stanley smiled back at him, \"no you owe me two Mitch one for keeping your secret and one for Peggy.\" They then started laughng at other another and as they were doing this they both didn't see Peggy, \"is everything OK here?\" She said as she walked slowly towards the table, \"Peggy glad that you could come, what took you so long babe?\" Peggy gave him an odd look and then turned her head around to Stanley, \"hey there Stan long time no see how are you?\" Stanley looked at him and smiled, \"I'm fine Peggy I suppose that Mitch hasn't told you the reason why he invited as both out at the same time did he?\" Peggy looked at him and then turned her head towards her boyfriend, she then turned back around to him, \"no he didn't said it was a secret.\" \"Mitch,\" Stanley said in cool tone, \"you shouldn't really leave people in the dark,\" at this Mitch started laughing, \"OK I admit I have kept this secret from both you and Peggy and you desever to know about what I've got lined up for you both are you ready?\" Both Peggy and Stanley nodded and Mitch smiled, \"can you both remember Mad Man Smith?\" Stanley's smile faded from his lips as he looked hard at Mitch, \"wasn't that the old man who went crazy and shot himself in the head Mitch!?\" His tone was hard and icy, \"yes that was him but you never guess what there was something that he kept hidden in that house, something special,\" \"what was it Mitch?\" Peggy asked as she listened with interest at what her boyfriend had to say, \"dunno Peg,\" Mitch said back, \"what I do know is that it was something powerful and ancient,\" \"is this thing dangerous Mitch and surely you,me or Peggy aren't going to use it?\" Stanley asked in yet another hard voice, \"relax Stan,\" Mitch said as he leaned back in his chair, \"no one is asking you to use it,\" \"where is this thing Mitch?\" Peggy asked in a puzzled voice, Mitch turned his head around and smiled at her, \"it's in that house and after we leave here we're heading straight there to get it,\" hearing him saying this both Stanley and Peggy looked at each other with faces filled with horror.[Chapter 4] It was getting later as Stanley Peggy and Mitch made their way towards the old house that belonged to Old man Smith, as they all stood by the gates Stanley who had been standing next to Mitch gently put one of his hands of his shoulders, \"are you sure that this is sure a good idea Mitch?\" Mitch turned round and smiled at him, \"are you afraid of what we might find in there Stanley?\" He asked her in a mocking sort of tone, \"no,not at all Mitch,\" he screamed at him as he had just hurt his feelings, \"it's just we don't know weather or not that house is dangerous or not, I mean look at it the place is falling apart?!\" Mitch turned his head around and saw a large gaping hole in the roof, he then turned his head around back to Stanley and smiled, \"yeah so the house is in need of repair so what, but isn't the thought of finding something hidden inside excite you?\" Hearing him saying this Stanley turned his head away in disgust, \"this doesn't excite me Mitch but I am not going to risk my safety to look for some stupid item, now if you will excuse me I going home,\" \"why?\" Mitch asked as he walked off, \"because Mitch I have a school project to do which you should be doing to,\" before Mitch could say anymore he had disappeared, Peggy then walked up slowly to him and looked up at him, \"what if Stanley's right Mitch, what if this place is dangerous?\" Hearing her saying this Mitch let out a laugh, \"don't be silly Peggy are you going to let me do this on my own like Stanley's just done or are you going to stay and help me?\" Before he answer him Peggy saw Mitch crawling thought a gap in the gate and running toward the door of the house, \"come on Peggy, I haven't got all night to wait for you,\" without a second thought Peggy squeezed herself thought the gap and ran up to the door where Mitch was waiting for her. As she got near to him, she was panting like a dog, \"what took you so long Brandt?\" Mitch asked in a sour voice, \"sorry Mitch let me just rest here a bit just until I've got my breath back,\" Mitch put one of his hand gently on Peggy's shoulders and smiled, \"there will be time to rest, but it won't be now come on let's go inside shall we?\" Again like as before Mitch opened the old looking wooden door and passed thought into the old house, \"Peggy what are you waiting for come on in now?!\" He shouted in a loud and angry voice, Peggy ignored getting her breath back as she ran inside the house, to her surprise she looked around and found the house to be a dump. There were cobwebs everywhere broken expensive furniture littered the hall there was even a broken expensive vase lying on the floor, Peggy turned to Mitch who was smiling at her, \"guess that old man Smith didn't really care for these items?\" Peggy looked at him as she caught his breath back, \"where do you think that Smith kept that item hidden Mitch, as I can't see anywhere here?\" Mitch gave him a sour look and pointed with one of his fingers to the old staircase, \"perhaps Smith hid it upstairs in one of the bedrooms?\" He then started to climb up the staircase, \"your not going up there are you Mitch?\" Peggy shouted up to him in a worried voice, \"it'll be just like here a dump and unsafe,\" Mitch gave him a dirty look, \"Peggy come and follow me there s nothing to be afraid of here.\" Like as before Peggy didn't answer him she just follow after him up the stairs, as they both reached the top they both came to a landing, in the middle there were three doors one on the right, one on the left and one in the middle, Mitch turned to Peggy and grinned at him, \"see what luck we are having,one of these room much hold the item?\" Peggy looked at him confused, \"yeah Mitch but which one?\" Mitch smiled at her and put one of his hands around her waist, \"why don't we find out Pegg, you check in the middle room and I'll check in the right room?\" At this Peggy ran towards the middle room and opened the door, as she did this she looked over to Mitch, \"what should I do if I find anything Mitch?\" Mitch looked over at her and gave him a dirty look, \"just shout me you fool!\" He then opened the door and passed into the room, Peggy did the same, as she entered the room all she could find were dirty rags and broken pieces of furniture, in one corner of the room there was a smashed up bath. \"Nothing in here that's worth much,\" Peggy said as she looked up at the ceiling which had a large hole in it, as she looked up she heard what sound like Mitch screaming.[Chapter 5] Peggy watched in horror as Mitch snapped the fingers on the hand of the skeleton back, there was a horroried snap and crunch of bone as the fingers fell a few yards away from the body, Mitch then looked up to Peggy smiling as he held up a small iron key in his hand. \"See Peggy\", he said as he walked towards her, \"what did I tell you,\" Peggy looked at him and then looked over at the body, \"that key doesn't mean that you have to defile a body though does it?\" Mitch smiled and laugh at her as he said this, \"but it will be all worth it don't you think in the end now won't it?\" Peggy looked at him in disgust as she stood up, \"what exceltly are we looking for Mitch?\" At this Mitch gave her a very sour look on hs face, \"how should I know Peggy? Old man Smith must have kept his secret hidden somewhere in this room,\" as he said this he began walking along to the bedroom window and as he did this he hadn't noticed a large chest was in his way, \"we're got to find it no-.\" At this point Mitch fell over and hit his arm agaist the hard wooden surface of the bedrooms room, seeing his friend Peggy rushed over to help him up, \"Mitch are you OK, did you hurt yourself?\" She asked in a warm and worried sounding voice, Mitch looked at him and gave her an angry look as he pushed his hand away, \"Peggy are you alright, what a stupid question of course I am not alright?!\" As he got up he looked over to where he had fallen and saw the chest, \"I think I must have tripped over that thing?\" He said as he stood up and began shaking the dust off his clothes, Peggy walked slowly up to the chest and looked at it, \"do you think that the old man may have hidden that item in here Mitch?\" Mitch looked at him and smiled as he rubbed her arm \"there is only one way to find out Peggy,\" he said as he held the key up in her hand and walked slowly over to the chest, he then held the key to the lock and began turning it strangely enough the key fitted perfectly. As the lock began to open Mitch turned toward Peggy and smiled, \"would you care to open the chest Pegg,\" he said in an excited voice, \"seeing as you were the one to suggest trying the key in the first place.\" Peggy nodded in agreement as she ran over to the chest, pulling both of her hands on the lid she yanked it open and as she opened it she looked inside, \"well was inside Peggy?\" Mitch asked impatiently as he turned his head to the other young man smiling as he did, Peggy looked at him as she put her hand inside and bough it out, as she did Mitch's face dropped to see only a dusty brown old wooden mask in his friends hands. Peggy gave him a sight smiled as she placed in onto the floor at her friends feet, \"that's it, this old piece of crap is what old mad Smith was hiding for all of those years?!\" He said in an angry tone as he stood up and walked away, Peggy looked over at him as she picked the mask up herself, \"I wouldn't say that this was crap Mitch,\" she said softly as he held the object up near her face, \"I wonder what I would look like if I tried it on?\" Saying this she placed the mask onto her face and as soon as she did this she felt it melting, it started to change colour from a muddy brown to a sickly dark green as it began spreading over her face, Peggy screamed in pain as the mask began moulding itself as she screamed Mitch came running it. \"Peggy,\" he screamed out as he ran over to his friend, \"what the hell is happening and why did you wear that Mask?\" Before Peggy had chance to say anything her whole body was consumed into a mini twister, all Mitch could do was watch as this was happening, suddenly and without warning the twister stopped leaving Peggy standing over Mitch. She was wearing a pair of blue coloured jeans, a red shirt and a brown jacket and and her red hair was in pony tail, everything seem normal apart from her head which was now large and coloured lime green. Mitch's face dropped as he saw the look in the green headed terrors eyes as she came slowly towards him with both hands out ready to grab him, \"hi Mitchy boy my lover boy,\" she said as she smiled at the other young man, \"give me a kiss why don't you as I have missed you?\" Mitch looked back at her, \"so this is old man Smith's secret, why not use this mask for my own purpose's?\" \"Pegg why don't you come over here there is something that I would like to show you,\" he said as he smiled back at the green headed young woman, \"what is it that you would like to show me babe?\" Peggy asked in a low soft voice, \"would it be to have a good time with you?\" Mitch laughed out loud as he saw that she was getting closer, \"no this Pegg,\" taking both of his face he grabbed the mask and began to pull hard, \"what are you doing to my face sweetheart?\" His friend asked in a worried voice, there was a bright flash of green light as Mitch pulled the mask away from Peggy's face, once this happened Mitch found himself lying on the hard floor a few yards away from Stanley. In his hands was the mask he gave a slight smile as he held it up to his face, Stanley watched as he did this screaming in terror.[Chapter 6] Peggy ran up to Mitch as he held the mask up to his face, \"no Mitch don't put that thing on it'll ruin you please don't!\" It was too late the mask spread over his face twisting and changing shape as it did, there was a bright green flash of light as Mitch's body was consumed by a mini twister, all Peggy could do was watch in horror as her boyfriend was transformed in a monster. Once the twister had died down Mitch stood over Peggy and walked slowly towards her, like Peggy's transformation before Mitch looked normal apart from the large green head, he was wearing a pair of leather trousers, as well as a black leather vest, on his hands he wore a pair of black fingerless leather gloves his hair was black and spiked and his eyes glowed a hot red. \"Brandt there you are,\" he shouted in angry voice, \"thank you for helping me in getting this prize I've got something to give you.\" Saying this he closed one of his hands into a fist and aimed it at Peggy, \"Mitch you've got to take that thng off you face,\" the monster gave her an angry look, \"and why would I do that Brandt?!\" He asked her in an aggrestive tone, \"because that thing drove Old man Smith man,\" Peggy replied back as she started shaking, \"the only reason why you want me to take this mask off is because you are jeaous?\" The monster said as he made a grab for Peggy holding her by her neck he threw Peggy onto the bed which then broke into pieces, as this happened Peggy hit her head agaist something hard and blacked out, \"ow you no fun at all Brandt,\" Mitch said as he walked toward the door of the room, \"time to make my exit so long losser.\" Saying this the monster span into a mini twister and disipeared thought the door leaving Peggy alone, \"Mitch, Mitch are you there oh God my head?\" Peggy heard herself saying as she woke up to find herself alone and lying on a dirty mattress, as she was getting up she began to rub one of her hands agaist her head, as she looked at it she could see a bit of blood, \"oh God blood I wonder what happened to Mitch and if she's alright?\" Then as if something had hit her in his face she remember, \"oh God the mask and Mitch has it shit I've got to look for him,\" she then ran out of the room down towards the stairs and out thought the main door. As he did this he heard what sounded like a great thud she turned and saw the house caving in on itself throwing clouds of dust into the air, Peggy turned back around and gulped hard thining about what stanley had said earlier about safety, \"I can't think about that now,\" she said to herself as she made his way to the gates, \"I've got to think about getting that mask off Mitch's face before anything bad happens.\" The next day Peggy turned up for school, she looked very tired as she walked down the hall towards her locker, the reason for this was because she had been up half the night looking for Mitch and the mask. As she apporached her locker he heard voices coming towards her, as she turned her head she saw a group of football players leading them was none other than Mitch himself before they passed him Peggy ran up to her friend, \"hey Mitch was happened last night and where is that Mask?\" Mitch turned his head towards Peggy and for the first time since she had know him Stanley could see that he was angry towards her, \"get the fuck away from me you freaky bitch!\" He said as he pick Peggy up by her neck and slammed her into a locker, doing this made the players laugh as they all watched Peggy crawling on the floor in pain, \"that will teach you Brandt nice one Mitch,\" one of them said in a mocking tone of voice. \"Hey leave her alone,\" shouted a male's voice, \"I'm warning you!\" Hearing this the players moved quickly as stanley came running towards them, with him was a large fat young man with curly red coloured hair, \"let's get outta here Mitch,\" shouted one of the players who was tugging at his jacket. \"Yeah,\" said another one, \"before Brandt's boyfriend get us,\" they then ran out towards a pair of double doors, before Mitch passed thought he turned his head and raised a fist towards Peggy who then was being helped up by stanley and the other young man.[Chapter 7] It had been a week now since Mitch had used the mask, since then his personality had changed towards Peggy becoming more aggressive more angrier, \"it's probably me, I'm to blame?\" Peggy said to herself as she sat on a table by herself playing with a plate of potatoes, \"might if we join you for lunch?\" A male voice asked warmly, Peggy turned her head around to see both Stanley and his friend Doyle coming toward her, a smiled appeared on her face, \"not at all Stan be my guest after all it's a free country isn't it?\" Stanley smiled back as he sat next to her, Doyle sat facing him on the other side, \"so Pegg,\" Doyle said in a warm voice, \"Stanley tell me that you and Mitch found something in old man Smith's house is that right?\" Peggy looked at him and gave him a puzzled look, \"yes but how did you know about that?\" She then turned her head towards Stanley who lowered his head in shame, \"Stanley is there something that you're not telling me?\" Stanley raised his head and put one of his hands inside his jacket pocket, \"look at this Peggy and then you will see why I had to tell Doyle,\" he pulled out a newspaper and handed it over to Stanley, on the front there was a photo of what looked like Mitch's masked form underneath in big bold letters was the headline, \"green terror strikes again.\" Peggy looked at Stanley and her face was full of fear, \"that's Mitch isn't it?\" He asked in a gently voice, \"what did you find that night Peggy and what is this thing?\" Peggy looked at him and before she could say anything she felt a lump in his thoat, \"Peggy what's the matter?\" Doyle asked in a friendly voice, Peggy turned her head to them both and then started crying, \"it's a mask that me and him found on old man Smith's body, I used it first and then Mitch did,\" Stanley looked at her in surprise, \"so that was what drove Smith mad then this Mask was to blame?\" Peggy looked at him and nodded, \"and it looks like it's going to do the same to Mitch?\" Doyle looked at Stanley and stood up, \"not if I have anything to say about it Peggy,\" he then turned to Stanley, \"I think that we should do something to help do you Stan?\" Stanley then placed one of his hands on Peggy's shoulders, \"I think we should arrange a meeting between you and Mitch just so that you can tell and show him that you care and that the Mask is evil?\" Peggy looked at him and wiped the tears from her eyes, \"where and when Stanley?\" Stanley turned to Doyle and then back around to peggy, \"the old chocolate factory that's near where I live,\" \"are you sure that he will come Stanley, I mean you know what Kellyaway's like don't you?\" Stanley tunred towards her and smiled, \"oh he will come alrght Doyle once he knows that hs secret about the Mask is out,\" he then turned back to peggy and smiled, \"meet both me and Doyle at 06;00 pm tonight by mine and I'll take you down to the chocolate factory we will end ths tonight.\" Hearing this Peggy started smiling as she knew that Mitch wouldn't let his secret about the mask get out, \"OK then Stan tell me your plan and what you want me to do?\"[Chapter 8] Peggy began to tremble and shake as she walked down a narrow lane, walking in front and behind her were both Stanley and Doyle, \"are you alright Peggy?\" Stanley asked her as he turned his head around to face her, \"yeah I'm fine Stanley,\" Peggy said back to him as she held both of his arms up to her chest, \"it's just so cold out tonight don't you think?\" Doyle gently put one of his hands onto Peggy's shoulder, \"don't worry Peggy we're almost there,\" Peggy then saw Stanley moving forward a little so that she could see, as he did this peggy saw a large red brick coloured building with a black slate coloured roof. At the side surrounding it was a black iron fence, seeing this reminded him of Smith's old house. She then gently tapped Stanley's arm, he turned his head and smiled, \"how do we get inside Stanley as I don't see an entrance?\" Stanley looked at her and laughed softly, \"this is where me and Mitch used to hang out when we were younger,\" he said softly as he looked over at Doyle. Seeing him doing this Doyle put on of his hands over his head out of embarrassment, he then turned back to peggy, \"the main entrance is though a gap in those gates, do you see it peggy?\" Peggy gazed through the fence to see a large gap big enough for the three of them to squeeze though, at the end was the entrance to the chocolate factory a large black coloured wooden door that looked like it was rotting away, as they got closer Stanley gently put one of his hands onto Peggy's shoulder, \"right Peggy are you ready to do this as they will be no turning back for you once your thought?\" Peggy smiled faintly at him, \"there's no other choice here for me Stanley, I've got to get that Mask off Mitch no matter what,\" \"then what are we waiting for let's do this?\" Doyle said in an encouraging voice as he began to squeeze through the gap of the fence, seeing him doing this both Peggy and Stanley did the same, once they were through they made their way toward the door that lead inside the factory. As they got closer Stanleys face dropped as he saw that the door had been smashed, both Peggy and Doyle looked at him then at the door and they at each other in shock, \"looks like somebody beat us here,\" Doyle said in a worried sounding voice, \"yeah and I can think who that might be, I just hope that he isn't using that demon mask?\" Peggy said as she could feel her body shaking in fear, Stanley then looked at them both, \"it might not be Mitch could be some else, why don't we go inside and take a quick look?\" Without thinking of the risks he then stepped thought the door and into the darkness of the factory, as they both watched her Doyle turned to Peggy and smiled, \"looks like we better follower him ah Peggy?\" Peggy then nodded in agreement and then followed closely behind Doyle as they both passed though the door they both saw stanley, \"you two took your time,\" he said in a angry voice, \"what's the matter had you got other things on?\" Doyle then smiled at him as he slowly walked up to him, \"sorry stanley,\" he said in a low voice, \"I was trying to reassure Peggy,\" \"reassure for what, peggy knows what must be done doesn't she?\" He said in an angry voice, as he said this there was a loud bang followed by a trail of smoke that was pouring out from a set of double doors, Peggy then turned to Stanley with a worried look on his face, \"is that what I think that it could be Stanley?\" She asked in a low and worried voice, Stanley then turned to her and smiled, \"you better see what's happening behind those doors then Stanley, go one both me and Doyle will be right behind you.\" Peggy smiled at him and then raced down the corridor towards the doors, she then opened them and ran through, seeing her doing this both Doyle and Stanley did the same. As they all passed though the doors they came into a large room, Peggy turned her head toward Stanley who was now standing next to her, \"what's this place Peggy?\" She asked in a puzzled voice, \"this looks like the old storage room Pegg, look can you see the old convener belts?\" Peggy saw them and smiled as she started imaging rows and rows of chocolate bars being sorted by staff members ready to be put into boxes to be transported all over Edge City and beyond, as her mind came back into the real world she then heard footsteps coming from in front of them, \"I knew that you would show up Pegg.\" A familiar voice then said in an angry tone, \"and look your brought your friends that I can play with,\" stepping out of the shadows was Mitch, in one of his hands was the mask and in the other was a still burning cigarette which he began puffing on. He was wearing a black and red football shirt, on his head was a black baseball cap, \"Mitch what have you been up to?\" Stanley asked as he turned his head towards him, \"can't you see that you had Peggy worried about you, you don't seem to realise that Mask is turning you into something that your no-?\" \"Shut it asshole,\" Mitch shouted at him in a loud voice, \"I'm tired of answering to stupid people like your and your friends and now I think that's it's time that you paid the price?!\" He then threw the cigarette to the floor and then lifted the Mask to his face, as he did this there was a brilliant flash of green light followed by a loud bang as the mask spread over his face, Doyle, Peggy and Stanley watched in horror as Mitch's body was consumed into a mini twister.[Chapter 9] CHAPTER 08 Stanley, Peggy and Doyle stood watching in horror as the twister began to died down, suddenly it stopped and stepping out of it was Mitch, his eyes glowed red like two hot coals, his hair was black and spiked, he wore a pair of black leather trousers and a black leather vest and around his neck he wore a spike collar. As he saw the three of them he smiled at them showing them a pair of razor sharp teeth, \"well look what I've got to play with,\" he said in an evil voice, \"which of you losers will be my first victim?\" he asked as he walked slowly up to them with his hands out reed to make a grab, stanley turned his head to Doyle and they stood in front of Peggy, seeing them doing this Mitch mask laughed, \"do you think that you can stop me from reaching Brandt?\" He asked as he growled at them both, \"just try it Kellyaway,\" Doyle then said in a brave voice, \"both me and Stanley won't let you hurt Peggy any more with that Mask.\" For a moment Mitch stopped as he was surprised at what he heard, then without warning his hands suddenly inflated growing bigger, he then reached out to them both and grabbed them, \"do you two need a lift?\" He asked as he threw them a fair distance away from where Peggy was standing, Peggy watched in horror as she saw the monster that her boyfriend had become getting closer to him, \"Brandt come here no as I want to have a word with you.\" Mitch said as he grabbed her by her neck, \"Mitch,\" Peggy said as she felt Mitch's hand tightening around his neck, \"don't you realise what your doing, this isn't like you?\" Mitch then grew angry as he heard this, \"why do you want me to stop weakling are you jealous or something because I've got power?\" Peggy's face then began streaming with tears as he heard this, \"no I'am not jealous Mitch, I am worried about you, that thing has turned you into something that you're not, please your got it take it off now before you do something bad.\" Seeing this and hearing his girlfriend Peggy begging like she did broke Mitch's heart, \"Oh my God what I have I done?\" Tearing then started to stream down his beg green cheeks as he then dropped her to the floor and lifted both of his hands to his face and began pulling hard trying to rip the Mask off, there was a brilliant green flash followed what sounded like the rumble of thunder as Mitch ripped the Mask from his face. Peggy sat on the ground and watched as her boyfriend slowly walked up to her holding the Mask, \"Peggy are you alright?\" he asked as he leaned over and grabbed her hand, \"yeah I'm fine Mitch,\" he said as he began wiping the tears away from his face, \"are you OK?\" She asked in a worried voice as she got back to her feet, Mitch looked at her and then looked away, \"I am so very sorry about what I put you thought peggy, I was such a fool to think that this thing could bring us closer together?\" He looked at the Mask which was still in his hand with disgust, Peggy slowly walked towards him and put one of her hands gently on his shoulder, \"it doesn't matter now Mitch about the Mask as you have learnt the truth about it,\" \"then what should we do Pegg?\" Mitch asked as he looked up at his girlfriend and gave her a puzzled look, \"we can destroy it can we and we can't give it to anyone else,\" Peggy then smiled as she laid her hand over the Mask, \"then why don't we bury it, safe it falling into the wrong hands?\" Mitch smiled at her and gently hugged her, Stanley woke up and found that he was now on top of Doyle, \"oh my back, God I wish that hadn't happened I gonna feel that next week?\" The young man said as he woke up, Stanley then smiled at him as they began to look at each other, \"you know Doyle,\" he said smiling, \"your cute when your angry fancy going out with me?\" Doyle smiled at him as he went to kiss him, before that could happen Stanley turned his head to see Peggy and Mitch running to the main entrance, \"hey Peggy,\" he shouted, \"where are you going?\" Peggy stopped and looked at him, \"I'm just off to bury this and to make love with my boyfriend,\" she said as she held the mask up high, \"thank you for your help tonight Stanley I couldn't have done this without you and Doyle.\" It was getting on for 08:30 pm as Mitch began digging a large hole in a garden, once he was finished he turned to Peggy, \"Pegg have you got the box?\" Hearing him saying this Peggy presented him a large cardboard shoe box, Mitch turned to her and smiled, \"do you want me to do the honours or do you?\" Peggy handed the large box over and smiled at the other young man, \"you do it Mitch please I don't want to touch that thing ever again,\" Mitch then dropped the box into the dirt and began burying it. After this was doing he turned to Peggy and smiled, \"hey Pegg after the big game tonight fancy staying over at mine tonight, we could watch a movie ?\" Peggy said blushing, Mitch then said with a smile \"how about we go now and just fall asleep in each others arms? He then looked at his girlfriend and smiled, then realised what he had just asked her Peggy looked at him in surprise, \"what about your team mates won't they get angry and upset with you?\" Mitch laughed then said, \"fuck them as well Pegg all I want to do is to be with and cuddle, I nearly lost you and you're more important to me that some stupid dumb game and some stupid dumb jocks.\" hearing him saying this Peggy threw her arms around him and they both started kissing, once they had done this Mitch looked up at him and smiled, \"let's go Pegg, I've got a busy day tomorrow as we'll be officially going out.\" Both the young couple then walked hand in hand thought an open door and into a house, as they were doing this Peggy began to think to himself that her future no their future together would be great.[Chapter 10] EPILOGUE It had been a few weeks since Mitch and Peggy found the mask, since that time they had both decied to bury it to prevent it from ever falling into the wrongs hands, the day after that Mitch had decided to break the news at school that he and Peggy were now going out with each other. In the months that followed their relationship grew with thanks to their friends Stanley and Doyle, one day Peggy was in the kitchen and Mitch crept up on her, \"guess who?\" He asked as he put both of his hands over peggy's eyes, \"very funny Mitch,\" Peggy said as she wasn't really impressed by what her boyfriend had just done, \"did you want to tell me something babe, is it important?\" She asked as she turned her head around to see Mitch smiling at her, \"it is as this could change both of our lives?\" Peggy smiled at him, \"really what is it?\" Mitch smiled at her, \"close both of your eyes and you will see,\" Peggy did as she was told as she closed his eyes Mitch keeled down onto one kneel and took a box out of his trousers pocket, \"you can open you eyes now Peggy.\" He said as he opened the box, as she opened her eyes Peggy gazed at the box then at a large diamond engagement ring, her eyes lit up as she saw the look on Mitch's face, \"Peggy will you marry me?\" Peggy looked at him and smiled, \"are you proposing to me Mitch and do you want my answer to your question?\"Mitch looked at her and smiled, \"just a simple yes or no will do Pegg,\" Peggy looked at him and smiled, \"and what if Mitch I simply give you the straight answer no I don't want to marry you?\" Mitch looked at her as Peggy wrapped his arms around his waist, \"then I would cry and wish that I was dead Pegg, I can't live without you,\" Peggy looked up at him and smiled, \"that's only because you love me so much isn't it?\"\"Yes Pegg I do,\" Mitch said as he began crawling on both his hands and kneels, Peggy then got down on one kneel and gently lifted Mitch's head up with her hand, \"then my answer to that question is yes I do Mitch.\" Hearing this Mitch gently kissed Peggy hand and then picked himself up from the floor, as he did this Peggy grabbed hold of him and began kissing him, Mitch closed his eyes and drifted into a dream like state very soon Peggy would be his and his alone. Five years later. On a hill over looking the sea surrounded by a large number of guests Peggy Brandt and Mitch Kellaway couldn't really believe that it was their wedding day, Stanley was holding Peggy's arm and Mitch was holding Doyle's as they both stood next to each other Mitch started shaking, \"what made me get with Peggy and why does she love me so much?\" He began to ask him as they both turned towards the alter and a vicar, \"dearly beloved we welcome both Peggy Brandt and Mitch Kellyaway as they both enter holy matrimonial, if they is any most you who wish to say anything against these two wedding please let him speak now of forever hold his peace?\" Hearing ths the crowd stood silent as the vicar turned towards Peggy, \"do you Peggy Brandt take Mitch Kellyaway as you husband to have and to hold in sickness and in health to death do you part?\" Peggy looked at Mitch and smiled, \"I do,\" Mitch smiled back as he turned to the vicar, \"Mitch Kellyaway do you take Peggy Brandt to be you lawful wedded wife to have and to hold in sickness and in health to death do you part?\" Mitch then turned back to Peggy and then to the vicar smiling, \"I do,\" the vicar then turned toward them both and laid his hands on both of their heads, \"then with the power invested in me I announce you both husband and wife, you may kiss each other.\" There came a gasp from the crowd followed by a clap of hands as Peggy and Mitch threw their arms around each other and started kiss passionately, as they were finishing Peggy announced to their quest \"thank you all for coming and now would you please if you can go to the reception and meet us their and there are some snacks and drinks so you don't starve\" Peggy said with a smile \"ok Mitch do you have it in your pocket?\" Yes I do let's get this over and done with\" Mitch and Peggy pull stanley and Doyle aside to the cliff and Mitch shows them what he has in his pocket' Stanley and Doyle let out a big gasp and Stanley said \"what the hell why do you have that thing for\" Peggy and Mitch are telling them to quiet down and Peggy said \"we are getting rid of this thing once and for all\" as she picked up a metal box they hid, Mitch opened the box and placed the mask in, \"we are throwing this into the ocean an make a pact that we don't speak of this again and hopefully never come back\" Peggy looked at her new husband and smiled,then Mitch said to them \"I want this day to be remembered for our wedding and not me nearly killing the ones I love\" he said crying and held his head in shame as he tried to blot out that bad memory from his mind, Peggy then smiled as he handed him the box, \"would you care to do the honours Mitch please,\" \"what you want me to do it?\" Mitch asked smiling as he too the box from Peggy, \"with pleasure,\" he said smiling back at his wife and the four walked towards the edge of a cliff, \"bye, bye Mask you horrible thing and see you in hell.\" He shouted as he threw the box off the cliff and into the sea, as it hit the water the box sank like a stone, Mitch then gave his new wife a hug and a kiss then Stanley and Doyle joined in on the hug and the four laughed. \"The deed is done, it's finally over\" he said as he gently rubbed his hand against Peggy's back, \"I knew that you could do it how do you feel?\" Mitch looked at her and smiled back, \"I feel great now that we got rid of that thing and also because we are now married,\" \"good Mitch I am very proud of you, come on over as we will have to be polite to our guests.\" Mitch smiled at her and then took her hand as they made their way towards a large table where their guests had gathered, before they could join their guests they bumped into two friends of theirs Evelyn and Charlie \"hey congratulations you two it was such a lovely service wasn't it?\" Evelyn said as she was smiling at them both,\"hey thanks Evelyn\", Peggy said and gave her a hug and said \"please have some food and drinks and mingle\" Charlie then said \"you don't need to tell me twice come on babe\" Stanley walked over to Peggy and asked her \"hey Peggy are you OK because I can't put my finger on it but you look different some how\" \"you to huh\" Peggy said to Stanley as she rubbed her belly and said \"well Mitch and I were going to tell you later\" Doyle asked her in surprised, Stanley covered his mouth with one of his hands as he laughed softly and said \"are you and mitch\" \"yes we are,\" Mitch interrupted, \"but it's a secret OK\" Stanley looked at her and smiled, \"congratulations Peggy and mitch you two will be great parents\" Peggy smiled at him, \"thanks Stan,\" she said hugging stanley then he said to them while he was holding up one of his fingers, on it was a white gold engagement ring which held a small white coloured diamond \"we're getting married soon to\" Peggy and mitch gave them a big hug. After the congratulations from Peggy and Mitch they then went to their table with Stanley and Doyle holding hands and the four of them made their way toward the table to join the rest of their guests, to which Mitch told his guests \"thank you for coming to our wedding and I'm happy to say that Doyle and I made Lieutenant and we're going to be partners on the force\" the guest clapped in excitement. Both Peggy and Mitch spent two years living happily together and when peggy expected she gave birth to a beautifully baby girl who they called called Kathy, mitch and Peggy also had Stanley and Doyle as her daughters God parents, very soon as well both of them were invited to yet another wedding where they both gave away the groom and the groom. All five of them became very good friends and started a small family. The End. ","Summary":" It was dark at the old manor house as David Smith held the mask in both of his hands, \"it's mine I"},{"Movie":"The Mask","Title":"Peggy Brandt and The Mask 2 - Remake","Author":"dec181985","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10307838","Passage":"[Chapter 1] In their new home, we see Peggy, Eve, Tonya, Kathy, Double-D, Mitch, Booty, Bub, and Black Magic watching for another person to mask. When they go outside, they start to keep an eye out for someone that will be the one to Black Magic. Just then, they see a girl with curly hair. When Black Magic sees her, his heart starts beating out of his chest. \"Okay, she's the one!\" Peggy told them. Then, a mask lands on the ground and the girl. \"Oh, what's this thing doing here?\" the girl asked, curiously. She turns it over and sees it shimmer. \"Get a hold of yourself, Maggie! Masks don't glow like that!\" the girl told herself. Just then, Maggie sees the glow again, and she brings it to her face, and it turns into a wax/rubber-like substance causing her to yank it off. \"What was that?\" Maggie asked, confused. Soon after, she brings the mask to her face again. Just then, the mask jumps out of her hands and latches onto her face. Maggie tries to yank it off again, but can't because her body starts to spin around in a mini-twister filled with lightning, thunder and wind. When the mini-twister stops, we find Maggie transformed. Maggie has on a orange dress, with sparkling orange earrings, and on her feet are sparkling orange slippers. After that, she pulls a mirror out of nowhere and stares at her reflection. \"S-s-smokin'!\" Maggie said. Just then, she looks at Black Magic and her eyes bug out as she wolf-whistles. \"Hi, my name is Black Magic!\" he told her. \"Then, you can call me, White Magic!\" she told him. Then, they all head home. When they got there, they went into their rooms to take a nap. When they fell asleep, a space ship crashed somewhere out side. Just then, a girl stepped out and looked for someone she could talk to. To be continued...[Chapter 2] Chapter 2 When we return to Peggy and the others, they decide to go outside to see what's going on. When they go outside, they see a big spaceship and decide to investigate. When they're done investigating, they decide to look outside. When they get outside the ship, they see a girl with red hair and a blue spacesuit. Then, Peggy and the others hide as she stumbles upon a red wooden mask. \"What a strange looking mask! I wonder who dropped it!\" the girl said. Soon after, the mask started to shimmer causing her to bring it to her face. When she does, it turns into a wax/rubber-like substance causing her to yank it off. \"What was that?\" she asked. Just then, the mask started to shimmer again causing her to bring it to her face again. Suddenly, it jumps out of her hands and latches onto her face. She tries to take it off but can't because her body to spin around in a mini-twister filled with fire, smoke and ash. When the mini-twister stops, we find her transformed. Her looks remain the same, but her head and face down to the start of her neck is a bright cherry red. She is wearing a blue dress, with blue sapphire earrings in her red ears on her hands are sparkling blue colored gloves, and on her feet are sparkling blue colored slippers. Soon after, she pulls out a mirror and looks at her reflection. \"F-f-foggin'! Oh, I forgot! I meant to say 'S-s-smokin'!'\" she said, excitedly. Just then, Peggy and the others come out from their hiding places and introduce their selves. \"I'm Dr. Spacelove, it's very glad to meet you!\" the girl said. \"How would you like to come live with us in our mansion?\" Peggy asked. I'd like that very much!\" Dr. Spacelove said, excitedly. When they get home, they take a nap and wait for the next day to come. To be continued...[Chapter 3] Chapter 3 When Peggy and the others wake up, they decide to stay in for the day. First, they watch TV. Then, they play some games. After that, they sing Karaoke. They pick the song Play With Fire by Hilary Duff. Peggy sings first verse. \"I can't believe it's really you. Been so long, you look good. I hear you're doing really well. Don't ask me, let me tell you. How I've been since you left. Since you left me for dead. Finally every tear has dried. I wiped you from my life. Do you remember all the times you said you'd call me. 'Cause I remember all the reasons people warned me. And now I hear you still adore me. But if you think I'd ever get with you again. Then you can just!\" Peggy sang. Eve sings chorus. \"Love me, love me. Feed the flame. If you want me back again. Burn into the sky. Higher and higher. Baby, can you play with fire. (Burn into the sky). Love me, love me. (Far into the sky). If you want me!\" Eve sang. Kathy sings second verse. \"You never know just what you got. 'Til it's gone, you freak out. But I'm not falling for that game. Boys like you never change. You made me feel I wasn't enough. Wasn't enough for your love. But it was insecurity that made you fun. It wasn't me. So don't you sit there trying to. Give me more excuses. I don't have time for this. I'm off to play in Houston. And I'm too busy with with the million things I'm doing. You can't make up for what you've done. But you still trry to be the one!\" Kathy sang. Eve sings chorus again. \"Love me, love me. Feed the flame. If you want me back again. Burn into the sky. Higher and higher. Baby, can you play with fire. (Burn into the sky). Love me, love me. (Far into the sky). If you want me!\" Eve sang again. White Magic sings the third verse. \"Ooh, by the way, by the way. I've found someone who gives me space. Keeps me safe. Make me sane. Found someone to take you place. Now I'm safe in his arms. And I decided only he can play with fire!\" White Magic sang. Eve sings the rest. \"Love me, love me. Feed the flame. If you want me back again. Burn into the sky. Higher and higher. Baby, can you play with fire. (Burn into the sky). Love me, love me. (Far into the sky). If you want me. I can't believe it's really you. (Love me, love me). I hear you're really well. (If you want me). Finally every tear has dried. (Love me, love me). Can boys like you, boys like you. Play with fire!\" Eve sang. Soon after, they went into their rooms to take a nap. When they were asleep, Pretorius is still trying to make them pay for what they did to him. To be continued...[Chapter 4] When Peggy and the others wake up, they decide to see what's going on outside. When they get outside, they see Pretorius is up to his old tricks again. When he sees Peggy and the others coming towards him, he pulls out a laser gun and fires it at them. Just then, they pull out a giant mirror and reflect the shot. When the shot gets reflected, Pretorius jumps out of the way. Frustrated, he pulls out a rocket launcher and fires it at Peggy and the others. Peggy and the others jump out of the way causing it to destroy a lot of buildings. Soon after, Pretorius detaches his head from his body and goes back to his lab. When Pretorius is gone, Peggy and the others fix the destroyed buildings. After fixing the buildings, Peggy and the others zip off fast to see if anything else is going on. Then, they see a store being robbed by some guy holding a gun. When he sees Peggy and the others, the guy starts to run. When the guy runs away, a brick wall appears out of nowhere causing him to crash into it. Peggy and the others take the money back to the store. After they return the money to the store, they head home to take a nap. When they get home, they fall asleep. When they're asleep, a guy is walking home. Just then, another mask appears waiting for it's first victim. Meanwhile, Pretorius calls in Tex Clobber and Baxter Simon to find Peggy and the others. When Tex Clobber and Baxter Simon leave, Pretorius is thinking of a way to destroy Peggy and the others once and for all. While Peggy and the others are asleep, they dream of ways to save the town from being destroyed by Pretorius. To be continued...[Chapter 5] Chapter 5 When Peggy and the others wake up, they decide to see what's going on outside. Meanwhile, the man walking down the street wasn't watching where he was going and tripped over something. What he tripped over was a red mask. When he picked it up, he saw it shimmer and brought it to his face. It turned into a wax/rubber-like substance causing him to yank it off. Just then, he saw it shimmer and brought to his face again. The mask jumped out of his hand and latched on. The man tried to take it off but couldn't because his body started to spin around in a mini-twister filled with fire, smoke and ash. When the mini-twister stops, we find the man transformed! The man's hairstyle remains the same, but his head and face is bright red in color. He is wearing a lab coat and khakis and on his feet are clown shoes. Soon after, Peggy and the others arrive. \"Wait! Aren't you Dr. Arthur Neuman?\" Peggy asked the man. \"Yeah! But you can call me 'Arty'?\" the man answered. Just then, he looks around to see Dr. Spacelove. When they look at each other their eyes bug out and they wolf-whistle at each other. \"What is the name of the name of the beautiful lady I see in front of me?\" Arty asked. \"I'm Dr. Spacelove, but you can call me 'Lubby Dubby'?\" Dr. Spacelove answered. Just then, Arty and Lubby Dubby kiss each other on the lips. When they release, they notice Tex Clobber and Baxter Simon coming toward them. Just then, from out of nowhere, a brick wall appeared in front of them causing Tex Clobber and Baxter Simon to crash into it. Soon after, Peggy and the others, get tired and go home. When they get home, they go to their rooms to take a nap. When they fall asleep, they dream of ways to save the world. To be continued...[Chapter 6] Chapter 6 When Peggy and the others wake up, they decide to stay in. They play some games for a little bit. Then, they decide to order some food. After eating, they go outside to pull some pranks. They see a lot of people staring at them. Then, they each pull out a huge cream pie and throw it at them. After that, they get this giant hose and spray them off with it. While doing so, Pretorius orders Walter to take care of them. When Peggy and the others see Walter, an anvil drops from the sky hitting Walter in the head. When Pretorius sees this, he calls out Tex Clobber and Baxter Simon. When Peggy and the others see them, Arty walks up to them. \"It looks like you two have a bad case of Ipkissia maskosis!\" he said. \"Huh?\" they asked. Just then, he sneaks up behind Tex Clobber and notices something. \"Eww gross, no undies!\" Arty said. Baxter Simon starts to run away only to run into a brick wall. Tex Clobber starts to run after them only to fall into the river. Pretorius gets in his robot body and leaves his lab. \"If you want something done, you've got to do it yourself!\" he said, angrily. When he sees Peggy and the others, he fires missiles at them. Peggy and the others dodge the missiles. Then, they throw a bomb at him. When he starts to throw it back at them, it explodes causing his robot body to be destroyed. \"You may have won this time, but I'll be back!\" Pretorius warned them. After he leaves, Peggy and the others head home to take a nap. When they get home, they go their rooms and go to sleep. While they're all asleep, Pretorius is trying to find a way to destroy them, once and for all. To be continued...[Chapter 7] When Peggy and the others, they decide to build a playground behind the mansion. Then, they start building a slide. They start at the bottom and work their way to the top. When they're done with that, they start on a swing set. They start by getting the right stuff. Then, they start getting what they need for the swings, After that, they start building a seesaw. They get what they need, then they start building one. After the seesaw is done, they start building a jungle gym. They start building piece by piece. When they're done with it, they start building a basketball court. They find some basketball hoops and basketball nets. Then they set it up. After they're done building what they want for they're playground, they start pouring cement so they stay in place. Then, after pouring cement, they decide to check it out. They start playing on their new playground for the rest of the day. When it gets dark, they decide to go inside to take a nap. When they're all asleep, Pretorius is plotting something. He has a plan set on get rid of Peggy and the others for good. To be continued...[Chapter 8] Chapter 8 When Peggy and the others wake up, they decide to see what's going on in town. Just then, they see Pretorius and go to see what he's doing. He is in his new constructed robot body. When he sees Peggy and the others, he fires all his weapons at them. Peggy and the others dodge all the weapons and the fire back at him. Soon after, he calls all his henchmen and has them fire their weapons. When they're done firing all their weapons, all they see is smoke. When the smoke disappears, they see Peggy and the others with big smiles on their faces. Pretorius then calls Walter in to take are of them. Just then, a steel wall appears and Walter crashes into it. After that, he calls in Tex Clobber and Baxter Simon to take care of them. Just then, a pool with man-eating sharks appears and they start to fall. Then, they stop in their tracks only to slip on a couple of banana peels. Before they fall in, the pool disappears. They fall to the floor causing stars to float over their heads. Then, Pretorius heads back to his lab. Besides chasing him, Peggy and the others go back to their mansion to take a nap. When they get home, they all fall asleep. Meanwhile, a familiar female figure comes to town. Yet, another mask appears waiting for its first victim. To be continued...[Chapter 9] Chapter 9 When Peggy and the others wake up, they decide to go to the beah. Meanwhile, a very famous female artist is walking down the street and trips over something making her fall down. When she looks up a red wooden mask falls right on her face causing her body to turn into a mini-twister filled with fire, smoke and ash. When the mini-twister stops, we find her transformed by the mask. Her hairstyle remains the same, but her head and face down to the start of her neck is bright red in color. She is wearing a sparkling gold dress, in her ears are gold earrings, on her hands are gold gloves and on her feet are gold slippers. Soon after, she pulls out a mirror out of nowhere and looks at her reflection. \"F-f-foggin'! Sorry, I meant to say 'S-s-smokin'!'\" she said excitedly. Then she looks around and sees no one's there. \"Look at everyone! There's a new Tina Carlyle in town!\" the woman said. When she gets to where Peggy and the others are, the welcome her to their group. Then, they play in the sand for a little while. When it gets dark, they use their powers to make Tina 'masked' permanently. After that, they all decide to go home and get some rest. When they fall asleep, they think of what to do the next day. Meanwhile, Pretorius is still trying to figure out a way to destroy them once and for all. To be continued...[Chapter 10] Chapter 10 When Peggy and the others wake up, they decide to let the others choose who they want to be with. Black Magic says, excitedly, \"I choose White Magic!\" Then White Magic walks up to Black Magic and gives him a big enormous kiss. Then, they look around for the others. Arty says, excitedly, \"I choose Lubby Dubby!\" Then Lubby Dubby walks up to Arty and gives him a big enormous kiss. Then, the only one left is Tina with a sad look on her face. \"What am I chopped liver?\" Tina asks, angrily. \"Don't worry, Tina! I'm sure we'll find someone for you one day!\" Peggy said, trying to comfort her. Meanwhile, Pretorius is shoots a laser beam at them. They aim it at the sun but it disappears before it hits the sun. Soon after, Pretorius decides to make something else next time he sees them. When they see the sun go down, they decide to go home. When they fall asleep, they wake up the next morning. Someone else is in town. And another mask appears waiting for it's waiting for it's first victim. Meanwhile, Peggy and the others are living happily ever after. The End ","Summary":" In their new home, we see Peggy, Eve, Tonya, Kathy, Double-D, Mitch, Booty, Bub, and Black Magic wa"},{"Movie":"Flushed Away","Title":"A short story about cheese Vol one","Author":"theStrauSS","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4273503","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Finally its finished. So this is the newest, latest and last update with some changes and (I hope) readable so enjoy! bytheway: Flushed Away! and some characters are (c) by Aardman and I don't want to get, receive or earn money with this! A short story bout cheese Vol. one or The ruby thingy Chapter01 It was a warm sunny Sunday afternoon some Birds sung their songs and a light breeze blow. But nothing of those things came down to the Sewer, except some sunbeams falling threw the drain. And even those were far away from the Pub in Ratropolis and the drunken rats swaying out of its door. The pub was full except some places on the bar. Timothy was sitting on one end of the bar lost in thoughts. Once again he lifted up his tumbler and drunk it empty with one gulp. The door swung open and a well dressed rat entered the room, with bowler, suit and a brief-case. After a short talk to the bartender he sat down next to Timothy. \"Are you that courier I heard about?\" he asked avoiding looking at Timothy. \"In which context?\" He replied automatic. \"Are you able to… organize some things?\" the rat said with a quick look at Timothy. \"If you've got what I need!\" Timothy said slowly. The rat opened his brief-case, pulled out a big brown envelope and gave it to Timothy. He took it, stands up and left the pub. He looked down the street it was full off rodents. He began to whistle and walked down the sidewalk. After a little while he reached the Piggadilly Circus and sat down on the brim of the fountain. After he was sure that nobody was watching him he opened the envelope and pulled out his contents. It was a drawing of the location where the Object should be with a short description of it as well as a picture of the Object. When he saw it he had to laugh what should such a thing do at a dump on the other end of the City? But he understood why this Gentleman had come to him when he had to visit such dirty places.[Chapter 2] Chapter02 Some hours later the sun was gone and it was raining. Water felt threw the drain high above the Dump. The water between the mountains of garbage was in rage and just one lonely ship drove threw the waves. Timothy paid attention that no one saw him. He was sitting behind a smaller hill of old Rubbish the boat was near him and the crew had to shout to talk so he heard them not very clear but he heard them. \"This place is a real treasure vault!\" a male voice said \"I'm sure we will find something here, Jasper!\" another one said. \"Why don't we come here always?\" it was the voice of a young girl. Timothy peered over his cover and saw the boat with his three crewmembers. One man holding onto the rail looking out for something. The other one holding the steering wheel tight in his hands. Next to the first stood a girl, struggling with her balance. \"Oi, what's that over there?\" the men next to her asked and pointed in Timothy's direction. After a short moment of shock he noticed a weak red shine just some inches away. But before anyone could react the men jumped into the water and soon reached the border of the Dump and headed up to the shining thing. Timothy got back in Cover and watched slowly around a corner. The men stood there his eyes glowing red his arm raised up high and hold the thing up. At first it seemed to be just a fragment of red glass. But with a nearer look it was clear that it was a Ruby, a red shining ruby that sparked some red points in the men's smiling face. After some shouts from the boat he slowly turned around and rushed back to the Border jumped in the water and swam to the boat. Timothy slowly looked over his Cover and watched was going to happen now. Before he did anything else he gave the ruby to the girl which reached her hand to him. Just at the Moment the men wanted to get back in the boat a huge wave threw it on one side and dangerous near to the Border of the Dump. The Men struggled to reach the rail and the girl tried to reach his hand. The other men headed over to help her but it was too late. Another Wave grabbed the boat and smashed it into the border of the Dump. The sound of breaking bones filled the air and a suffocate scream of pain followed it. \"DAD!\" the girl screamed. The other men managed it to grasp the girl's dad and pulled him onboard. Whatever they've said after that, Timothy didn't hear them anymore the last thing he got was the name of the Boat speeding away. It was the Jammy Dodger.[Chapter 3] Chapter03 Timothynwas back at the Piggadilly Circus and after he cleaned himself innfountain, it'sndirty to swim threw the water of the sewer. Henfocused on getting some information about the owner of the JammynDodger. Henknew that Oi knew every owner of a boat in the London sewer or maybeneven in the whole European sewer. Timothyndidn't knew Oi's real name because he called him Oi since he meetnhim first. Henwalked toward a rodent in a yellow raincoat standing behind anniron that was turned upside down to be a grill. \"MorningnOi!\" Timothy nodded. \"Younwithnyou're morning every time it's morning…\" Oi said withoutnraising his head. Timothynshook his head \"Yeah, whatever! Look do you know the owner of anboat called the Jammy Dodger?\" SlowlynOi raised his head. \"Yes I do…\" he said slowly. \"Poor boy…\"nhe added. \"Whyn'poor boy'?\" Timothy asked. \"Henis in the Hospital! Had annaccident at the dump! Dangerous place…\" Oi said in a deep voice. \"Yeah,nI know… His name?\"nTimothy controlled his anger but he couldn't avoid it in his voice. \"Malone….nMalone…I can't remember his first name…\" Oinsaid slowly. Butnthis information didn't seemed to be that interesting Timothynheaded away after Oi mentioned the name Malone the first time. Itnwasn't a long way to the Hospital and Timothy made it even faster. Innfront of the Hospital he found the Jammy Dodger. Hisnfirst idea was to go in there, found this Malone and squeeze thenplace of the ruby out of him but this would be to obvious. Ifnhe was lucky the Ruby was still aboard with that hope he went onboardnand began to search for the ruby. Butnhe was interrupted by a Rodent coming out of the Hospital. Withinnone second he hide himself below deck. Hendidn't had the time to catch his breath when he heard steps abovenhim. Withna roar the engine started and Timothy had to cover his ears. /Ohnyeah, that's great…/ henthought. Hendidn't noticed how long he was down there but he noticed when thenengine stopped and the steps left the boat. SlowlynTimothy looked if anybody was near and left the boat. Henknew where he was at,na small landing stage near the Piggadilly Circus. Hennoticed a red haired female Rodent leaving the landing stagenbut it was her pant that catch his attention it was the back pocketnof her union jack pants which was curious shaped and over the edge ofnit he noticed a light red gleam. Silentnhe followed her.[Chapter 4] Chapter04 Timothy didn't came far. The red haired rodent was grasp by a rodent looking like a cupboard with legs, arms and white fur. \"Rita, Rita, Rita…\" said a voice reproachful it belonged to a small rat stepping out of the shadow. \"Spike…\" Rita said bored \"What do you want?\" No one noticed Timothy who had just the shadows to hide. \"The ruby!\" said Spike. \"I don't have any ruby!\" Rita answered immediately \"And even if I had one I won't give it you!\" she added. Spike looked at Rita as if he awaited more than that. \"We know that you have this ruby, we have our contacts! So… where is it?\" Spike enquired with threatening voice. Before anyone was able to react Rita kicked the rat holding her in the face what had the effect that she was released. \"WHITEY!\" Spike shouted and Whitey managed it to grasp Ritas tail pulled her back and hold her up on her legs. With that movement the ruby flew out of Ritas pocket bounced off the wall behind Spike and hit his head. \"Ouch…\" Spike yelled and turned for the ruby \"Where do you come from?\" he asked while he picked it up. \"Whitey, let her off!\" immediately Whitey released Rita and she landed roughly on the head. /They have the ruby… do something…/ before he was able to think he stepped out of the shadow \"Hey!\" he shouted but Spike and Whitey were already away. A painfull groan from below caught his attention. He kneel beside Rita and helped her up in a sitting position. \"Are you alright?\" He asked. \"Just some Headaches…\" Rita replied slowly. \"What did they want?\" he asked after a while so Rita had time to breath. \"A… old watch of my father! I wanted to sell it because we really need the money!\" she said. \"So you're one of those left behind by the social structure?\" he draw his conclusion. \"Hew… whatever…\" she said and managed it to stand up. \"And what about the watch?\" Timothy mentioned as if it was nothing. \"I'll get it back later…. Maybe tonight…\" she groaned and walked away holding her head. \"And where do they bring your watch?\" he shouted after her. \"…floodgate…\" was the last thing Timothy got. \"I'll be there…\" Timothy said to himself and an evil smile crawled over his face. He returned to the Dump where he first saw the ruby. After half an hour he found what he was looking for, a fragment of red glass. Carefully he took it to his home, a little Apartment in the centre of town. After some hours of dragging and polishing his work was done. In his hands he hold a copy as clean and clear as the real ruby.[Chapter 5] Chapter05 It had got dark, even n the sewer, where it was senseless to talk about day and night, because the only lights were lamps and Neon-signs and maybe some sunbeams falling threw a drain. But most of them were turned of and the city was covered with darkness. That was good for Timothy in his now black clothes even his face was covered with a black mask. He wasn't visible in the shadows. When he reached the Floodgate he noticed some rats standing in the door of the Floodgatecontroltower. With a nearer look he noticed that one of them was Rita struggling with Whiteys hands that hold her tight. Spike stood in front of Rita and pointing with his hand and talking to her. Between the both layed a rat with a finger hat on the nose probably knocked out by Rita. Timothy creeped nearer to hear them but the last thing he got was the sentence \"Let the boss decide what to do with her!\" they went inside and the door were closed in front of Timothy's Nose. Timothy had to find a way in and looked up maybe the windows were a good plan and he started to climb up the wall. After a while he reached one of them and looked into a large room inside was a fridge but no rodents. He entered the room through a open Window. Silent he creeped from cover to cover until he reached a room where a toad stood in front of Rita, Whitey and Spike and talked something about ancients Kings and the crown Jewels. After he watched the situation for a while he noticed a way better hide and place for listening. At the other end of the room was a large curtain. Without being noticed he creeped along the wall using every cover he could find until he reached the curtain and noticed that there was no wall behind it. Slowly he slipped behind the curtain and found himself in a collection of souvenirs to the Royal family. At the end of the room there was pocket torch and on it layed the ruby. He went there fast and just in the moment he grab the Ruby he heard the Curtain behind him pulled open. /Damned…/ he thought and slowly turned around and saw three rodents and a toad staring at him. Slowly he put the Ruby in his right pocket, then he raised up his right hand two fingers forming a V and slowly asked \"Peace?\"[Chapter 6] Chapter06 „Whonare you?\" the toad asked slowly. \"Inam…\" Timothy began andnhis brain worked on a way to get out of this situation \"…away!\"nhe said quickly and rushed for the doornavoiding Whiteys hands, which had released Rita. Timothynrushed down the stairs taking two steps at once. Behindnhim a voice shouted \"Get him!\" but he didn't care about that. Henleft the tower, jumped into the cold dirty water and swam until henreached a bordernand lifted himself out of the water. Afternsome steps he stood still and shook his body /Remember,nwater and cotton is no good combination!/ he thought. Suddenlynhe heard a splashing noise from behind. \"Staynwhere you are!\" withna quick look over his shoulder he noticed Rita pointing at him. ButnTimothy preferred to run, he was always good in running. Afterna little while a boat withna diver hood on it appeared next to him \"Handnover the Ruby!\" nSpike shouted. /Thisnthing gets better with every second…/ Timothy thought and headednleft into the streets of the city. \"Whitey,nhe escapes from us!\" thenengine was turned off Timothy noticed beside. Henheaded right and then quick left into a lane. Hencould nearly feel Rita's steps behind him and that was the problemnas long as she followed him, she would lead the two buffoons to him. Henhad to get rid of her. Suddenlynhe stopped not because he wanted to, it was a fence marking the endnof the lane and it was to high to climb over without help. Slowlynhe turned around, facing Rita blocking the way back. Timothynraised his hands into a defending position. \"Okay,njust keep cool…\" he said slowly. Ritanmade a step toward him and Timothy slowly went backwards. \"Younwant this ruby? I'll give it you!\" he took the ruby out of hisnleft pocket and threw it to Rita which caught it. \"Andnwhat do you…\" butnRita was interrupted by two voices. \"Inthink he took this way!\" they heard Whitey. \"Sonwe will follow him!\" Spike added. Timothynpressednhimself against the fence and got his hands together. Ritanunderstood nodded and with his help she got over the fence. Timothynquick jumped into a heap of rubbish to hide. Justnone moment later Spike and Whitey came around the corner Rita noticednthem and with a bright smile on her face she waved with the ruby innher Hand and run away. \"Hownshe got over there?\" Spiked asked with a wondering face \"…mattersnnot! Get me overnthere Whitey!\" he added, Whitey grasped Spike and threw him overnthe fence. \"Notnthat waaaaaaaaaaaaaay!\" Spike screamed beforenhe roughly hit the ground. \"Spike?nAre you okay?\" Whitey asked while he lifted himself over the fence. \"Wenhave to get her!\" Spike said after getting up and the both of themnrushed to follow Rita. AfternTimothy was sure that everyone was away he slowly creepednout of his cover and took his mask of. \"Idiots…\"nha said quietly and wentnback to the Piggadilly Circus.[Chapter 7] Chapter07 Timothy was sitting on the brim of the fountain in the centre of Piggadilly Circus. Slowly he pulled the real ruby out of his right pocket. \"I thought that this Malone girl would be more intelligence than that…\" he said to himself. Even in the darkness of the night the ruby had a light red gleam, as if it would shine from inside. The next day. It was in the early morning hours, Timothy stood in font of the pub and awaited his client from yesterday. Slowly the rodent came up the sidewalk. \"Did you got it?\" he asked quietly. Timothy didn't said anything and hold out a something wrapped in a old newspaper. The rat took it and quickly unpacked it. In his hands h old an little golden figure of a rabbit. \"Beautiful, isn't it?\" he asked Timothy. \"Not really!\" Timothy answered and went away.[Chapter 8] One more chapter? extra! Spike and Whitey stood in front of something that looked like a giant hangar. That would make sense if they weren't in the sewer and actually it was a small shipyard. The owner was also the only worker but therefore his work was unique. Some rodents called him crazy, other said he is awesome but most called him a strange German engineer. Whitey grabbed the handle of one of the gates and pulled it beside to open it. It was dark inside no light not even a light spot. \"I think no one is here.\" Whitey said quietly. But some noises proved the opposite. \"Hello?\" Spike shouted but he got no answer. After a while one single clap filled the air and the light turned on. Spike and Whitey faced a rodent walking toward them. His black hair was dyed green in the middle, his t-shirt was covered with dirt and oil and it was obvious that his black pant weren't new, this was Franz. \"How may I serve you?\" he said facing neither Spike nor Whitey but the space between them. \"Um, yeah. We were looking for a boat!\" Spike said. \"Woho… I thought this is a flower shop…\" Franz said, turned around and with one move of his hand he mentioned Spike and Whitey to follow him. \"I believe that you want one that can… swim?\" Franz said joking. \"Do you think I'm stupid or something?\" Spike shouted in rage. \"Um…\" Franz acted like he was thinking about this question \"Yes!\" he said easily. He stopped suddenly, layed his left hand on the edge if a boat and let his hand slide above it. \"I think this one would fit!\" he said without turning around. \"In fact it's just a modified RC-thingy, but quiet powerful!\" he added patting the hulk. \"Why this figure?\" Whitey asked and pointed toward a Lego figure holding the steering wheel. \"That's just for fun!\" Franz answered! \"And um how much is it?\" Spike asked slowly. \"You cannot afford it if you must ask!\" Franz answered quickly. \"We take it!\" Spike said as if there was nothing in his life he knew safer. \"You want some swimming ripe with it?\" Franz said and couldn't hold back a laugh attack. The next thing He noticed was a scratching noise. That was Whitey who pulled the boat into the water. \"Hey, what the hell are you doing?\" Franz asked him. A splashing sound said him that the boat was in the water. \"Like I already said, we take it!\" Spike said with an evil smile and the engine was turned on. \"Come back here!\" Franz shouted when Whitey turned the boat and they speeded away. \"WHEN I CATCH YOU I'LL KICK YOUR ASS TO THE MOON! Y O U A R E D E A D M E A T !\" Franz shouted behind them. ","Summary":" Finally its finished. So this is the newest, latest and last update with some changes and (I hope) "},{"Movie":"The Mask","Title":"Madison Dukesburry and the mask","Author":"dec181985","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12060046","Passage":"[Chapter 1] After Lily thought she got rid of the mask, she arrived at her house. Madison decided to go for a walk to clear her head. While walking, she saw a couple kissing and wished something like that would happen to her. Just then, she decided to go to the park so she could be alone. While there, she took out the mask and raised it to her face. As soon as it latched on, her body was spinning around in a tornado, going through the park. When the tornado stops, we find a new and improved Madison. Madison's hair was done up in cornrows and her head was a bright green color. She was wearing the same dress as Jessica Rabbit and carrying an umbrella as it started to rain. Once the rain stopped, Madison put the umbrella away and pulled out a mirror so she could look at her reflection. \"Smokin'! It feels so good to be back,\" she said. Meanwhile, Lily was sitting at home wondering where Madison was so she went looking for her. Madison was having too much fun and never wanted it to stop. Over at the police station, Nurse Bupkiss and her clone found a way to escape. Once they were out, they headed for the city to cause some mayhem on whoever they wanted. When they saw Madison, they decided they had to find a way to get the mask off her face.[Chapter 2] CWhen we return to Lily, we see her following Madison into the mountains while the nurse and her clone followed. While there, Madison was being watched by an evil poacher, who not only killed animals but people who tried to help them. As the poacher watched, she thought she would like to have those powers. \"I'll find out how that woman got those powers or my name isn't Danielle Boones,\" the poacher said, with an evil look on her face. When Madison stopped running, the nurse's clone jumped on her back and took off the mask. \"Now to finish you off for good,\" she said, getting ready to put the mask on. Suddenly, a female cougar jumped on her back and tackled her to the ground. As the clone fell the cougar slowly started eating her. When the cougar was done, she saw the mask on the ground. When the cougarlooked at the mask, she got suspicious. After the cougar saw it glow, she slowly lowered her head. Just then, the mask jumped off the ground and latched onto the cougar's face. The nurse watched as the coagar's body started spinning and got a horrified look on her face. Lily and Madison just hoped they wouldn't be the cougar's next meal.[Chapter 3] When we return to Madison and Lily, we see them watching as the cougar was spinning around and around. Suddenly, the tornado stops spinning. When the tornado stops, we find a new and improved cougar. The cougar's head was a bright green color. She had teeth like a sabre tooth tiger, she was taller and looking right at the nurse. After that, the poacher came out of hiding and shot the cougar in the back right leg. Lily stood in front of the cougar so the poachers couldn't shoot her again. The poacher aimed her gun at Lily. Then, Madison snuck up behind the poacher and took her gun from her. \"Give that back,\" the poacher ordered. Madison slammed the gun against a rock and broke it. \"You idiot, don't you know that you're in danger?\" the poacher asked, getting angrier by the second. \"I don't care, I'm not going to let you kill an innocent animal,\" Madison said. Then, the poacher walked away getting angrier and angrier every time she took a step. \"Is she okay?\" Madison asked. \"She's healing fast,\" Lily said. \"Why'd you save me?\" the cougar asked. \"We friends of all animals and we couldn't let someone hurt you,\" Lily said. \"You can understand me?\" the cougar said. \"Yeah, I guess the mask gives everyone the power to talk,\" Lily said. \"What's a mask?\" the cougar said. \"The thing you're wearing on your face,\" Lily told her. \"Could you take it off, please?\"the cougar asked. Lily took the mask off the cougar's face. \"Thank you,\" the cougar said. \"No problem, what's your name?\" Lily asked. \"You can call me whatever you want since you saved my life,\" the cougar said. Lily turned to Madison. \"What should we call her?\" Lily asked. \"Why don't we call her, Shasta?\" Madison asked. \"I like it,\" Lily said. \"Me, too, by the way what are your names?\" the cougar asked. \"I'm Lily,\" Lily said. \"I'm Madison,\" Madison said. \"I like your names, too,\" Shasta said. \"Thanks,\" Lily said. \"Yeah, thanks,\" Madison said. \"No problem,\" Shasta said. \"Why don't you come live with us?\" Lily suggested. \"You sure I wouldn't be a burden?\" Shasta asked. \"Nonsense, we'd love to let you stay with us,\" Madison said. \"Yeah, we can keep each other safe,\" Lily said. \"Then, I'd love to stay with you,\" Shasta said. After they're done talking, they head home and take a nap.[Chapter 4] When we return to Lily and Madison, we see them trying to get away from the poacher. Suddenly, Lily got an idea. She grabbed the mask from Madison and put it on causing her body to spin around in a tornado that went all through the forest knocking every single tree down. When the tornado stops, we find a new and improved Lily. Lily's hair was longer than usual, her face was a bright green color. Just then, Lily pulled out a mirror and looked at her reflection. \"Smokin'! Man, I look good, but who doesn't look good when they get their green on?\" Lily asked to no one in particular. Just then, Nurse Bupkiss showed up in a robotic machine that she controlled. Lily and Nurse Bupkiss started fighting. When Lily heard a trap snap shut, she turned around to see what it was. Nurse Bupkiss grabbed her face from behind and pulled the mask off. The poacher was running towards them when the mask fell out of Nurse Bupkiss's hand and went flying in the air causing it to land on her face. Danielle's body started to spin around in a tornado causing an avalanche as her body kept spinning around and around. Lily had just come back from her consciousness when she heard another trap snap shut. As she watched Danielle's body start spinning, she had no idea what she was going to do now.[Chapter 5] When we return to Lily and Madison, we see them watching the poacher's body spin around and around setting off most of the traps. When the tornado stops, we see a new and improved Danielle Boones. Danielle's head was a bright green color. She hard shark like teeth, and her eyes were fiery red. Lily and Madison didn't know where to go because there were traps all around them. So they waited for Danielle to come at them. When most of the traps were set off, Lily threw one of the traps at Danielle's face causing her to yank off the trap. As she pulled, the mask came off Danielle's face. Madison made a dive for it, but it slipped out right out of her hands and landed right on her face. Madison's body started spinning around in another tornado knocking over all the trees. When the tornado stops, we find a new and improved Madison. Madison's head was a bright green color. She had on a dress like Jessica Rabbit's, except it was orange. Just then, Lily saw Madison wearing the mask. \"Madison, listen to me, you have to take that mask off,\" Lily said. \"No way, never again,\" Madison said. After that, Madison zipped out of the forest with Lily chasing after her. Lily had no idea what she was going to do now.[Chapter 6] ÑWhen we return to Lily, we find her still chasing after Madison trying to get the mask back. Then, we see Shasta coming out of nowhere watching Lily chase Madison. Shasta joined the chase. The poacher Danielle Boones followed them. When Lily caught up to Madison, she grabbed her face and pulled at the mask. The mask came off and went flying through the air. Shasta, who had just caught up to them, looked up and the mask fell right on her face causing her body to spin around in a tornado. When the tornado stops, we see Shasta totally transformed! Shasta's body remains the same, but her head and face down to the start of her neck is lime green in color. \"Time to have a little fun!\" Shasta said, happily. Danielle Boones chased after her. Lily and Madison followed so they could warn Shasta. Shasta was having to much fun to notice. She's in for a big surprise when the three girls catch up to her.[Chapter 7] When we return to Lily and Madison, we find them going after Shasta. Shasta was having a fun time pulling pranks on people. Meanwhile the poacher, Danielle Boones, was loading up her gun. When Lily and Madison caught up to her, they stopped her from firing her gun. Shasta had a fun time playing tricks on people. \"Ooh, somebody stop me!\" Shasta said, excitedly. Madison and Lily caught up to Shasta and pulled the mask off her face. The mask went flying through the air. Lily made a grab for it and missed causing the mask to land right on her face. Lily's body started spinning around in a tornado causing damage everywhere. When the tornado stops, we find Lily totally transformed! Lily's hair was down to her knees, her head and face down to the start of her neck was lime green in color. She was wearing a sparkling black dress and on her feet were sparkling black slippers. \"S-s-smokin'! It feels so good to be back!\" Lily said, happily. Then, she went off to have some fun with the mask. Shasta went back into hiding while Madison went to find Lily. Madison will have a long way to go to catch up to Lily.[Chapter 8] When we return to Lily, we find her pulling pranks on everyone she comes across. Meanwhile, Madison is trying to catch up to her. Just then, Nurse Bupkiss comes out of hiding and follows Madison so she can get the mask off of Lily's face. While this is going on, Danielle Boones is looking everywhere for Shasta. When Madison catches up to Lily, she grabs Lily's face and starts to pull. When the mask comes off, it goes flying through the air and lands right on Nurse Bupkiss's face. Nurse Bupkiss starts spinning around in a tornado causing a lot of damage. When the tornado stops, we find Nurse Bupkiss totally transformed! Nurse Bupkiss's hair goes down to her knees, her head and face down to the start of her neck is lime green in color. She has on a camouflaged shirt with camouflaged pants and on her feet are camouflaged boots. \"Wow, it feels so good to be back!\" Nurse Bupkiss said, enthusiactally. When Lily and Madison see this, they have frightened looks on their faces. Nurse Bupkiss pulls out a bunch of machine guns and starts firing them all at once. Lily and Madison will have to think fast to get out of this one.[Chapter 9] When we return to Lily and Madison, we find them trying to get the mask back. Nurse Bupkiss pulls out an operation table, and Madison lands on it. Madison saw Nurse Bupkiss pull out a hyperdeemic needle and try to stab her with it. Lily snuck behind Nurse Bupkiss and started to pull the mask off of her face. The mask went flying through the air and landed right on Lily's face. Lily's body started spinning around in a tornado causing damage everywhere she went. When the tornado stops, we find Lily totally transformed! Lily's hair was down to her ankles, her head and face down to the start of her neck was lime green in color. She has on sparkling orange and white striped dress, and on her feet were sparkling orange and white striped slippers. \"S-a-smokin'! Man, I feel good!\" Lily said, happily. Lily went off to have some more fun. Madison went after her trying to get the mask back. Nurse Bupkiss followed, hoping to find a way to get rid of the two girls. Wherever you see the mask there's bound to be trouble.[Chapter 10] When Madison catches up with Lily, she finds out she was being followed. Nurse Bupkiss launched herself at Lily and grabbed Lily's face and started to pull. When the mask comes off of Lily's face, it hits Madison in the head knocking Madison out. When Madison comes through, she sees the mask on her face causing her body to spin around in a tornado causing damage everywhere. Madison's hair is long, her head and face down to the start of her neck is lime green in color. She has on a pink super girl costume with a red Son the front and on her feet are pink thigh high boots. \"S-s-smokin'! It feels so good to be back! Watch out world here comes Super Madison!\" Madison said, excitedly. Just then, she hears a cry for help and goes off to investigate. Lily and the others follow her not knowing where they're going. Madison will find out where the cry for help is coming from. But that's a whole different story. The End For now ","Summary":" After Lily thought she got rid of the mask, she arrived at her house. Madison decided to go for a w"},{"Movie":"The Mask","Title":"Peggy Brandt and The Mask - Remake","Author":"dec181985","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9986325","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Chapter 1 After the effects of the rejuva-lotion wore off on her, Peggy was sitting there. She had turned into a baby. She looked around the place to see if she could find Stanley, but saw only the mask. Stanley had faded away to nothing. Peggy was sad that Stanley disappeared, but was happy to still be around. She grabbed the mask not knowing what to do, but lost her grip on it. The mask flew out of her hands and landed right on her face. Soon after, Peggy started spinning around in a mini-twister knocking everything over until a hand reached out and grabbed a tree branch that made the mini-twister stop. Peggy's hairstyle was now spiked and her head and face down to the start of her neck was lime green, she had on a shirt that said \"Long Live Rock 'n Roll\" on it, and still in a diaper. Peggy saw her reflection in a nearby river. She liked what she saw. \"S-s-smokin'!\" Peggy said, excitedly. Soon after, a microphone came out of nowhere. She grabbed the microphone and started singing 'The Last Song' by Hilary Duff. \"Now I know there's no fear all! You held my hand and took down that wall! As I looked at you I had nothing to say! Now I understand why you pushed me away! I went far and now I see! The only one I needed was me!\" Peggy sang. Just then, an idea came to her mind. \"If I'm going to bee a baby, so should everyone else!\" Peggy said, working up a scheme . After that, a bunch of baby powder poured from the sky and everyone was turned into babies. Then, Peggy pulled another mask from out of nowhere and threw it on the ground by the police station. Officer Doyle was just looking up when the mask bounced up and fell on his face. As he started spinning in a mini-twister, he started knocking things out of the way. When it stopped, Officer Doyle was transformed! His hair was gone, his head and face down to the start of his neck was lime green in color, he had on a blue police uniform with a silver badge pinned to it. Officer saw his reflection in the water. He, too, liked what he saw. \"S-s-smokin'!\" he said, excitedly. Soon after, Peggy and Officer Doyle saw each other and wolf-whistled at each other. \"How do you feel?\" Peggy asked. \"I feel good! I knew that I would! So good! So good! I got a lot of love to give to you!\" Officer Doyle said, excitedly. Peggy pulled out two more masks and handed one to Officer Doyle. \"Let's go find some people to mask!\" Peggy said. After that. they went their separate ways and went to find someone to mask. To be continued...[Chapter 2] When we return to Peggy and Officer Doyle, we find them heading in opposite directions. Peggy suddenly sees a baby wearing glasses and goes over to greet her. \"Hi, I'm Peggy! What's your name?\" Peggy said. \"My name is Evelyn!\" the girl wearing glasses said. She walks over to Peggy and trips causing her glasses to fall off. \"I can't see without my glasses!\" Evelyn said. \"I found them!\" Peggy said, putting them behind the mask she had in her hand. \"Thanks!\" Evelyn said, grabbing the mask from Peggy and bringing it closer to her face. Suddenly, Evelyn's body starts to spin around in a mini-twister. When it stops, we find a green-faced woman standing in front of Peggy. \"Are you okay Evelyn?\" Peggy asked. \"Call my Eve! What happened?\" the new green-faced Evelyn said. Suddenly, Peggy pulled a mirror out of nowhere so Eve could see herself. \"S-s-smokin'!\" Eve said, excitedly. Then, they both zip off to find where Officer Doyle went. Meanwhile, Officer Doyle was at the police station with Lieutenant Kellaway. \"I brought you this gift!\" Officer Doyle said. Lieutenant Kellaway was having a bad day because his wife left him. So he took the mask in both hands and brought it closer to his face. Before the mask could do its work, Lieutenant Kellaway yanked it off. \"What was that?\" the lieutenant asked. Soon after, the mask started to shimmer and the lieutenant brought it to his face again. This time, it finally did its work as Lieutenant Kellaway's body started spinning around in a mini-twister. When it stops, we find a green-faced lieutenant. Just then, he pulls out a mirror out of nowhere and looks at his reflection. \"S-s-smokin'!\" the green-faced lieutenant said, excitedly. \"Glad you like it, lieutenant!\" Officer Doyle said. \"Please call me, Mitch!\" Lieutenant Kellaway said. \"All rifght, and you can call me Double-D!\" the officer replied. Soon after, they find Eve and Peggy. When Eve and Mitch look at each other, their eyes bug out as they wolf-whistle in excitement. Peggy and Double-D go off to mask some more people. Meanwhile, a figure is watching them from down below. To be continued...[Chapter 3] Peggy and the others walked around until they found a wishing well. They all made a wish and walked around until they found the Sister Mask. Meanwhile the figure that was watching them was singing a song as he created his own mask. \"You're a mean one, Mr. Bub, you got hatred in your soul, you're sharper than an axe, you're as slippery as some oil, Mr. Bub! You're a schemer, Mr. Bub, you got fire in your eyes, you're as cuddly as a cactus, you're as deadly as the flu, Mr. Bub! You're a smart one, Mr. Bub, you got contracts up your sleeves, you're more sour then an apple, you're angrier than an ape, Mr. Bub! You're a dealer, Mr. Bub, you're bones are made of steel, you got smoke coming from your shoes, you've got a cane longer than a sword, Mr. Bub! If you want some candy please don't eat my, Sour Patch Kids!\" the mysterious figure sang. Then, he was almost done making his mask. All it needed was a color. \"I'll make it red!\" Bub said, excitedly. After he was done, he raised his mask to his face, and his body spun around in a mini-twister. When it stopped, Bub was more evil-looking than ever. \"Now to go after those other 'masked' fools!\" Bub said, zipping towards the others. When they saw Bub, they threw the Sister Mask at him. \"Now we'll take off the Sister Mask as long as you do what we say!\" Peggy told. \"I promise!\" Bub said. So the others pulled the Sister Mask off and showed Bub his reflection. \"F-f-foggin'! Sorry, I meant to say, 'S-s-smokin'!\" Bub said, excitedly. Then they ran into someone familiar. When he saw the masked people, he lost his footing and fell on the mask. Then, he heard a noise coming from behind him. \"Cover me pardner, I'll bring up the rear!\" it said, excitedly. \"Oh, no! Not again!\" the man said. \"Hey, look everybody it's Ace Ventura Pet Detective!\" Peggy told everyone. \"You and his masked behind named 'Booty'!\" Eve said, laughing out loud. Then, everyone made a wish. After they made the wish, they went home to get some rest. When they woke up, the next morning, they looked and saw that everyone was still 'masked' like it was still night. \"Our wishes came true!\" Peggy said. \"Oh and by the way, everyone who knew me as Dectective Doyle will now call me, Double-D for short!\" the 'masked' officer said, excitedly. \"Okay, now what do you want to do?\" Peggy asked, curiously. \"How about we prank other people!\" Eve suggested. So they went outside to see if they could find anyone to pull pranks on. To be continued...[Chapter 4] Chapter 4 When we return to Peggy and the others, we see them trying to find someone to pull pranks on. Just then, Dr. Arthur Neuman sees them coming towards him. Soon after, they see him in front of them. \"What wrong with your faces? Are you sick?\" Dr. Neuman asked them. \"No we're just wearing masks!\" Peggy told him. \"So you're wearing rubber masks, are you?\" Dr. Neuman asked. \"No wear wearing wooden masks!\" Peggy told him. \"Like I told Stanley Ipkiss, the Mask is a figment of his imagination, and I still think that is the true statement!\" Dr. Neuman told them. \"Well can a figment of someone's imagination give you a present?\" Peggy asked him. \"What kind of present?\" Dr. Neuman asked. \"A nice... ATOMIC WEDGIE!\" Peggy said, grabbing his underwear, and yanking it over his head. When they leave, we see Dr. Neuman trying to remove his underwear from his head. Meanwhile, we see Peggy and the others running into two bounty hunters named Tex Clobber and Baxter Simon. \"Look who we have here! It's the Mask!\" Tex Clobber told Baxter Simon. \"Yeah, but there's more than one of them!\" Baxter Simon said. \"That means we can each take one to Pretorius!\" Tex Clobber told him. \"You'll have to catch us first!\" Peggy told them. Then, Peggy sneaked up behind Tex Clobber and discovered something about him. \"Gross, no undies!\" Peggy said, disgusted. Tex Clobber ran after them only to crash into a brick wall that appeared out of nowhere. When Baxter Simon saw this, he started to run off only to land in a nearby river. Peggy and the others ran off to find someone else to prank. When they saw Walter, Pretorius's henchman in front of them. Walter started to run after them, only to crash into another brick wall that also appeared out of nowhere. When they were done, they headed back to the police headquarters to take a nap. To be continued...[Chapter 5] Chapter 5 When Peggy and the others wake up the next morning, they decide to play a few games. First, they play pin the tail on the donkey. \"Who's first?\" Peggy asked. \"I'll go first!\" Eve suggested. Then, the others blindfold Eve and spin her around. Then, she goes over to the donkey and pins the tail to the head. \"Okay, who's next?\" Peggy asked. \"I'll go!\" Bub volunteered. Soon after, the others blindfold Bub and spin him around. Then, he goes over to the donkey and pins the tail to one of its ears. \"Okay, who wants to go next?\" Peggy asked. \"I do!\" Mitch suggested. After that, the others blindfold Mitch and spin him around. Then, he goes over to the donkey and pins the tail to its other ear. \"Okay, who's up next?\" Peggy asked. \"Me!\" Double-D said. Just then, the others blindfold Double-D and spin him around. Then, he goes over to the donkey and pins the tail to its stomach. \"Who's next?\" Peggy asked. \"I am!\" Booty said. Then, they blindfold Booty and Ace Ventura and spin them around. Soon after, he walks over to the donkey and pins the tail to his eye. \"I guess I'm last!\" Peggy said. Then, the others blindfold Peggy and spin her around. Then, she walks over to the donkey and pins the tail where it belongs. \"Hey you cheated!\" the others said together. \"What game should we play next?\" Peggy asked. \"How about musical chairs?\" Eve asked. They put up five chairs. A band appears and started playing music. When the music stopped, they each grabbed a chair, and they all sat down except for Peggy, who missed. After that, they removed one of the chairs. Then, the band started playing music again. This time, Bub missed the chairs. Then, they removed another chair. Soon after, the band was playing again. This time when the music stopped, Mitch was out. And then, they removed another chair. This time, when the music stopped, Booty was out. Then, they removed another chair. After that, the band started playing music one last time. When the music stopped for the last time, Double-D was out. Eve won the game. \"Who's cheating now?\" Peggy asked. After playing their final game, they decided to go to bed. Meanwhile, Walter and the to bounty hunters went to report to Pretorius, who was furious with them. \"If you want something done, you got to do it yourself!\" he said, angrily. After saying that, he want to go find Peggy and the others to make them pay. To Be Continued...[Chapter 6] When we return to Peggy and the others, they are just waking up. Then, they decide to go outside to see what's going on. When they get outside, they see Pretorius, who looks very mad for what they did to his henchmen. Then, Pretorius pulls out a disintegrator ray and fires it at Peggy and the others. Everybody moved so fast the only one who got zapped was Ace Ventura which turned him into a skeleton. Then, Pretorius fires again. Then, Peggy and the others dropped a house on him. Pretorius just laid there unconscious. Peggy and the others headed home to take a nap. When they got home, they fell asleep. Pretorius will just have to wait and see what he has planned for Peggy and the others. To be continued...[Chapter 7] Chapter 7 When Peggy and the others wake up, they decide to find more people to mask. Soon after, they see Mayor Tilton. When he he was walking, he comes to a turn. When he makes the change, he walks into Peggy and a mask goes flying through the air. While the mask was landing, it falls right on Mayor Tilton's face. Then, Mayor Tilton's body starts to spin around in a mini-twister filled with thunder, lightning and wind. Mayor Tilton's looks remain the same, but his head and face down to the start of his neck is lime green in color. He was wearing a black magician's costume with a hat and shoes to match. Then Peggy comes by and hands a mirror to him. \"S-s-smokin'! I think I'll call myself 'Black Magic'!\" Mayor Tilton said, excitedly. Then, they all head back to the police station to get some sleep. When they get to police station, they all fall asleep. Meanwhile Tonya Avery and her husband, Tim come to town. Then a laser gun was fired and Tim was turned into ash. Tonya ran to the police station. Meanwhile, Peggy and the others have a special surprise for her. To be continued...[Chapter 8] Chapter 8 When Peggy and the others wake up, they here someone coming and turn out the lights. It was so dark Tonya couldn't see where she was going and fell face first. While falling face first, another mask appeared out of nowhere and Tonya landed face first on it. Then, Tonya's body started spinning around in a mini-twister filled with thunder, lightning and wind. When the mini-twister stops, we see Tonya transformed! Tonya's looks remain the same, except her head and face down to the start of her neck is lime green in color. Soon after, Tonya pulled a mirror out of nowhere and gazed at her reflection. \"S-s-smokin'!\" Tonya said, excitedly. Peggy and the others come out and introduce themselves. Then Tonya introduces herself to them. When Tonya sees Booty her eyes pop out and she wolf-whistles. Soon after, Peggy walks up to Tonya, and uses her mask powers to make Tonya 'masked' permanently. \"Let's have some fun!\" Tonya said, excitedly. Just then, a carnival appears out of nowhere. Peggy and the others go on the roller coaster. While on the roller coaster, Peggy and the others start to go up really slow, then they start to go down really fast. When they get off the roller coaster, they decide to go on the merry-go-round. The merry-go-round starts going really slow, and then it speeds up really fast. When they get off the merry-go-round, they decide to go on the log ride. The log ride goes up really slow, then they drop and water splashes everyone. Then they go on a couple more rides and then, they go on the ferris wheel. The ferris wheel starts to go forward and then, after a few minutes, it starts to go backwards. After the carnival ends, they all decide to go home and take a nap. While they are asleep, Pretorius is planting another scheme. To be continued...[Chapter 9] Chapter 9 When Peggy and the others wake up in the morning, they decide to find out what's going on. They go outside to find Pretorius in his new indestructible robot body. As he fires a laser gun at them, they throw a black disc. Soon after, the black disc turns into a hole. The hole flies under Pretorius's feet, and he falls in it. When he falls, he falls into the river. \"Now what do you want to do?\" Peggy asked, curiously. \"Let's see if we can find some one to mask!\" Bub suggested. Soon after, a girl with blonde hair walks up to them. Bub pulls out a red mask and throws it at her. \"Where did this mask come from?\" the girl asked, curiously. Just then, the mask shimmers in front of her eyes. \"Wait! I've seen this before!\" the girl said. She, then, raises to her face and lets it latch on. Soon after, her body starts to spin around in a mini-twister filled with fire, smoke and ash. When she stops spinning, we see her transformed! She is wearing a red dress with ruby red earrings and on her feet are ruby red slippers. Just then, she pulls out a mirror from nowhere, and gazes at her reflection. \"F-f-foggin'! Sorry I meant to say 'S-s-smokin'!'\" the girl said, excitedly. Just then, she turns to see Bub and her eyes bug out as she wolf-whistles. \"My name's Kathy! What's yours?\" the girl said. \"Call me, Bub!\" he answered. \"Well, Bub, how about we go with your friends and get to know each other better!\" Kathy suggested. \"Sounds great! I'm getting tired anyway!\" Bub said. So they all head home and take a nap. When the fall asleep, Pretorius is thinking up another scheme. To be continued...[Chapter 10] Chapter 10 When Peggy and the others wake up, they decide to pick who they want to be with. Then, the guys decide the girls should choose. Peggy decides that's a good idea. Peggy chooses first. \"I pick Double-D!\" she said. Double-D walks up to Peggy and gives her a big kiss. Eve chooses next. \"I pick Mitch!\" she said. Mitch walks up to Eve and gives her a big kiss. Tonya chooses next. \"I pick Booty!\" she said. Booty walks to Tonya and she turns him around and gives the skeleton of Ace Ventura a big kiss. Kathy chooses last. \"I pick Bub!\" she said. Bub walks up to Kathy and gives her a big kiss. Black Magic decides he will wait to see if anyone else will become 'masked' just like him. They decide to find a place to live. When they see this big mansion, they decide to stay there. Then, they go inside to see all the rooms. They each find their own room and take a big nap. And they all lived happily ever after... The End ","Summary":" Chapter 1 After the effects of the rejuva-lotion wore off on her, Peggy was sitting there. She had "},{"Movie":"The Mask","Title":"Misty Starbucks and the mask","Author":"dec181985","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12043790","Passage":"[Chapter 1] On a time like no other, there was a girl named Misty Starbucks, who was 21 years old, walking to the library to check out some books on different cultures. You see, she liked to read about how other people lived back in the day. As she was looking, she saw a book about Norse mythology and decided to check it out among other books. After going to the library, she decided to go to the store to buy some bleach to dye her hair. She had dark red hair and she wanted it blonde with blue streaks. After getting home, she went into the bathroom to bleach her hair. After she was done, she sat down to read the book about Norse mythology. When she got to the page about the mask of Loki, it caught her attention. She read about how it gave people the power to do anything they wanted. As she got got done reading, a big smile formed on her face. She remembered seeing a mask like that at a museum. After putting the book down, she rushed out of her house and headed towards the museum. She wanted the mask so she could get her revenge on all the bullies who tortured her in school. When she got to the museum, she saw a sign with an arrow saying, \"This way to the mask of Loki.\" When she noticed there were no guards around, she headed to the spot where the mask of Loki was. She saw another sign saying, \"Steal me.\" So she picked it up and walked out of the museum. As she got home, she looked at the mask with disappointment. \"Why would they have the original mask at a museum? I bet this is just a piece of wood,\" she said, tossing it into garbage. She saw it was getting dark and she thought she saw a green glow coming from the garbage can. She fished the mask out of the can and looked at the mask again. \"Well, maybe, I'll try it on just to see if it's the right one,\" she said, bringing it to her face. As the mask got closer to Misty's face it jumped out of her hands and latched onto her face. \"Help me!\" Misty started to scream, but no one could hear her. She was now spinning in a tornado destroying everything in her path. When the tornado stopped, Misty looked different she was before. For starters, her face was a bright green color. She had longer hair, and she was wearing the same outfit Sakura Haruno wore in the Naruto series. \"Smokin'!\" Misty said, as she looked in the mirror, which was in the bathroom. \"Man, I look good and I thought it was a fake. How stupid of me! Now to test it out,\" She said, leaving her house. While she was heading out, she remembered other things. One thing was her parents disowned her after the fact that she was making more money than they were and the fact she wasn't into guys because she liked other girls. The other thing was she was abducted by aliens when she was younger and their leader, Gargantua, threw her out because she thought she too ugly. \"I'll get those guys back too, if it's the last thing I do,\" Misty said, walking into the night.[Chapter 2] When Misty got to town, she saw a group of boys that looked familiar. Then, she remembered who they were. They were the bullies that bullied her in school and she was ready to get her revenge. Then, she saw a girl a little younger than she was and she was being harassed by the bullies. \"Okay guys, get ready to feel my wrath!\" Misty said, getting ready to pounce. When one of the bullies saw her, he pulled out a knife. \"You're going to die, you freak!\" he said, holding the knife in his hand. When she got closer to the bully, he jabbed her with the knife which she turned into a banana. \"Why, thank you! I needed a little potassium in my diet,\" she taunted, making the bully madder than he already was. He lunged at her, but before he knew it, she had grabbed his underwear and pulled it over his head. Before the other bullies saw her, they too had their underwear over their heads. When Misty looked directly at the girl, her head turned into a wolf's head and she started to whistle. \"Hey good looking, what's your name?\" Misty asked, still looking at the girl. \"My name is Mya Lipchitz, thanks for saving me,\" she said, looking at her. \"It was my pleasure. By the way, my name is Misty,\" Misty told her, a big smile forming on her face. \"Well, it's very nice to meet you,\" Mya said, winking at her. \"It's very nice to meet you, too,\" Misty said, winking back. Then, Misty grabbed Mya's hand and headed home. When she got there, she sat Mya down on a chair. \"Will you wait for me until I get back?\" Misty asked. \"I'll be right here,\" Mya told her. Soon after, Misty left her home and began to look around. She headed to her parents' house to teach them a lesson. When she got there, she hid in the closet and waited for them to get home.[Chapter 3] When we return to Misty, we find her still in the closet. Soon after, her parents arrive home and her father opens the closet to find Misty. \"Who the heck are you?\" her father asked. \"I'm your worst nightmare,\" Misty said, lunging at him. \"Joe, be careful,\" her mother told her father. \"I'll try, Angie!\" Joe told her mother. Quick as a cheetah, Misty grabbed Joe's underwear and pulled it over his head. \"How dare you do that to my husband,\" Angie said, grabbing a shotgun from the closet. Misty started bouncing across the room like a maniac. \"Hold still,\" Angie said, firing the gun. Misty kept bouncing until she bounced out the window. When Misty left, Angie found a box in front of her. When she opened the box, a pie on a spring came out and hit her in the face. When Misty was done, she spun around until she was dressed as Supergirl and started flying around until she found a spaceship. Misty knew it belonged to Gargantua, and flew into a open hatch. \"I've been waiting for you, my dear,\" Gargantua said, talking to Misty. Just then, Gargantua's robot assistant, Sal came in and started acting all hyper. \"I saw a squirrel! I saw a squirrel!\" Sal said, as she approached her master. \"Enough!\" Gargantua shouted. Soon after, Misty got to the controls and made the spaceship crash. When she got off, she headed home. When she got home, she took off the mask and went to sleep. Mya, who was still sitting in the chair, got up and went to take a shower. Meanwhile, Gargantua used her radar to find where Misty lived. When she got there, she went into Misty's room and grabbed the mask. After she left, she got aboard her ship. While aboard, she raised the mask to her face. It jumped out of her hands and latched onto her face. Then, she started spinning around in a tornado knocking everything off the ship. When the tornado stopped, Gargantua looked totally different. For starters, her face was a bright green color. She was wearing a light blue bikini. She had fingers like snakes and spiders in her hair. When she got to a mirror, she looked excited. \"Smokin'!\" Gargantua said, liking her new look. Just then, she remembered all the good aliens that wanted to make peace with the humans. \"I will destroy them all!\" she said, heading toward her home planet[Chapter 4] When we return to Gargantua, we find her heading for her home planet. When she got there, she saw a bunch of aliens gathered around in the middle of town. Then, she headed to the front of the line. While she was heading for the front, she was mauled by more aliens. \"Ooh, you'll pay for that!\" she said, when she got to the front of the line. \"What are you doing here?\" one of the aliens asked. \"Who are you?\" another asked. \"I'm your worst nightmare,\" Gargantua said. She got to her ship, she got aboard, and turned on all the missiles and got ready to fire them. \"Now to destroy your miserable planet,\" she said, firing all the missiles. Soon after, the planet blew up destroying all the aliens on it. Then she went to more planets and destroyed them too. A few moments later, she remembered what Misty did to her ship. \"Now it's time to get my revenge on that human girl,\" she said, heading to Misty's home. When, Misty heard a noise outside her home, she liked out the window and saw a familiar spaceship. Mya came out of the bathroom, washing her black hair, with white streaks in it. \"What is it?\" she asked. \"Gargantua's back,\" Misty said, pointing at the spaceship. Then, Gargantua got off the ship, and Mya noticed her green face. \"We have to get the mask off her face,\" Mya told Misty. \"I know, but how?\" Misty said, as Gargantua headed towards her home.[Chapter 5] When we return to Misty, we find her trying to figure out how to get the mask off of Gargantua. Then, she got an idea. As Gargantua approached Misty's home, she was just looking for the right moment to get her revenge. \"You're going down, little girl,\" Gargantua said, getting ready to attack. \"What's the matter, can't beat me without the mask on?\" Misty asked, mocking her. \"Huh?\" Gargantua asked, a little confused. \"Do you know how to beat me without the mask or are you just scared?\" Misty asked, still mocking her. \"Scared, who you calling scared?\" Gargantua asked, angrily. \"If you're not scared, try beating me without the mask on,\" Misty said, challenging her. \"Okay, I will,\" Gargantua said, getting ready to remove the mask. Gargantua reached towards her face and pulled the mask off. Mya grabbed the mask and ran as fast as she could. \"After her!\" Gargantua said, calling forth her minions. Just then, all of Gargantua's minions came forth and blocked Mya from all sides making it hard for her to go anywhere. Seeing there was no way to go, Mya brought the mask to her face. Soon after that, Mya's body started spinning around in a tornado. When the tornado stopped, we find a brand new Mya. For starters, Mya's face was a bright green color. Her hair was longer than before, she had on the same outfit as Kureha Suzuka from Tokko. When she got to a mirror, she looked at her reflection. \"Smokin'!\" she said, liking her new look. After she got done admiring her new look, Gargantua's minions surrounded her again. Mya turned into a bowling ball, knocking all of Gargantua's minions out. \"Now that's what I call a strike!\" Mya said, moving onto Gargantua. Gargantua looked scared. \"Don't you worry Gargantua, you're next!\" Mya said, getting ready to attack.[Chapter 6] When we return to Mya, Misty and Gargantua, we find Gargantua heading back to her ship. Once inside, she launched all her missiles at Mya. Mya jumped on the spaceship and started running in circles. When she jumped off, she changed into a baseball player and sent the spaceship flying. Misty than grabbed Mya's face and took the mask off. It landed in front of them. Mya and Misty decided to get rid of it. So they went to a nearby river and tossed it in. When we return to Joe and Angie's house, Angie decided to go for a walk by the river. Once she got there, she saw something in the river and fished it out. \"What a strange looking mask, I think I'll take it home with me,\" Angie said, taking the mask back home. Once there, she decided to take a shower to clear her head. She washed her blonde her with shampoo and conditioner. When she got out of the shower, she decided to take one last look at the mask. When she picked up the mask, she noticed an odd glow. Then, she brought it to her face. When the mask touched her skin, it made a sucking sound making her pull it away. Soon after that, she saw it glow again and brought it to her face again. The mask jumped out of her hands and latched itself onto her face. She tried to pull it away again, but couldn't causing her body to spin around in a tornado. When the tornado stopped, we find a new and improved Angie. Angie's hair was longer, and her face was a bright green color. She had on a bikini just like Sena Kashiwazaki from the Haganai series. Just then, she ran to a mirror to look at her reflection. \"Smokin'!\" She said, happily looking at her reflection. Soon after, her husband came in and looked at his new wife. \"Angie, is that you?\" Joe asked, unable to take his eyes off her. \"Yes, it's me, and I want another baby,\" Angie said, forcing him on the bed. Joe just looked at her with a frightful look on his face. He knew he had nowhere to run to now. Angie was going to get her way whether Joe liked it or not[Chapter 7] When Joe saw Angie, he was confused. \"Another baby, what are you talking about?\" Joe asked, frightened. \"Since you forced me to kick out our daughter, I think it's only fair to give me another baby,\" Angie told him. \"Hey, kicking Misty out was your idea,\" Joe said. \"You mean you never wanted to disown our daughter either?\" Angie asked. \"Well, let's go see our daughter!\" Joe insisted. \"Good idea,\" Angie said, grabbing him. When they find Misty's place, they knock on the door. Misty answers the door only to see her parents. \"Dad, what are you doing here?\" Misty asked. \"We came to see you,\" Angie answered. \"But you disowned me,\" Misty said. \"We never meant to, and if you come with us, we'll make it right,\" Joe said. \"No I like it here, and I'm here to stay,\" Misty told them. \"You little brat, you're coming with us whether you like it or not,\" Angie said. Just then, Mya comes into the room and looks at Angie. She sneaks behind Angie and pulls off the mask. The mask flies out of her hands, and Misty dives for it. Trying to get ahold of the mask, it flies out of her hands and lands right on her face. Misty's body starts spinning around in a tornado knocking everything over in her path. When the tornado stops, we find a new and improved Misty. Misty's hair was in pigtails, she had the same outfit that Yukari Sakuragi wore in Another. When she looked in the mirror, she had a big smile on her face. \"Smokin', man it's good to be back. Somebody stop me!\" Misty said, with a big smile on her face. \"Misty, you're that green faced freak that attacked us?\" Joe asked, a confused look on his face. \"That's right,\" Misty said, smiling. \"Never mind, we were right to disown you,\" Angie said, an angry look on her face. \"Don't ever come back, we're going home,\" Joe said. \"Why would I ever come back, I hate you guys,\" Misty said, angrier than she ever was before. As they left, Misty took off the mask and started crying. Mya tried to cheer her up but nothing was working. Misty was so mad, she threw the mask and it broke in half. Mya picked up one half, and Misty picked up the other. They both brought their half to their faces causing their bodies to spin around in tornadoes. When they stopped spinning, they looked at the other half of their faces and screamed. Half of Misty's face was green wearing the same outfit she wore the mask for the first time and had the same long hair as before. Same with Mya's face, it was half green wearing the same outfit as before with the same long hair. \"Hey, babe how about we show our other halves how to have fun,\" the other half of Misty's face said. \"I'm in,\" the other half of Mya's face said. Misty and Mya tried to stop them from going outside but it wasn't working. As they left, Gargantua came out of nowhere and trashed Misty's home. Misty and Mya were just caught up with their own troubles to notice.[Chapter 8] When we return to Misty and Mya, we find them in a casino gambling. Just then, Gargantua came in and trashed the whole place. \"She can't do that to us,\" Misty's masked half said. \"Let's get her,\" Mya's masked half said. \"Wait,\" Misty's other half said. \"Try to think this through,\" Mya's other half said. Their masked halves didn't listen and went after Gargantua to stop her from wreaking havoc. After they found Gargantua, they decided that they needed to get her back to her spaceship. Their masked halves turned into a pitcher and a batter. Mya's masked half threw the ball and Misty's masked half hit it knocking Gargantua back to her spaceship. After Gargantua left, Misty and Mya grabbed their faces and tore the two mask halves off and put them back together. Then, they headed back home. After getting back home, they found their place a mess. After cleaning up the mess, they decided that they needed to get rid of the mask. \"We have to hide it somewhere no one will ever find it,\" Misty said. As she went to hide it, she tripped causing the mask to go flying out of her hands. Mya grabbed it, but it slipped out of her hands and landed right on her face causing her body to spin around in another tornado. When the tornado stopped, we find Mya masked once again. She was wearing the same outfit that Sakura Haruno wore in Wandaba Style. \"Oh, it feels so good to be back,\" Mya said. \"Mya, you need to take that mask off,\" Misty pleaded. \"No,\" Mya said, spinning out of the house. Misty decided she needed to go after her before there was any more trouble.[Chapter 9] When we return to Misty, we see her following Mya, trying to catch up with her. Just then, Misty sees a spaceship coming towards her and knows it belongs to Gargantua. \"Oh no, not again,\" Misty said. Then, Mya zips back to where Misty was so she could fight Gargantua. \"Foolish human, do you really think you can beat me and my minions?\"Gargantua asked, coming up with a plan. \"I can beat you anytime and anywhere,\" Mya said. \"Minions attack,\" Gargantua said. Mya wiped out all of the minions except one who grabbed Mya's face and pulled off the mask. Gargantua made a dive for it and the mask landed right on her face causing her body to spin around in a tornado, knocking everything in her path down. When the tornado stops, we find a new and improved Gargantua. Gargantua's face was a bright green color just like before. This time, she had very sharp claws and hair like Medusa. \"Oh, it feels so good to be back,\" Gargantua said. \"What do we do now?\" Mya asked. \"I don't know, I really don't know,\" Misty said. All they could do was watch Gargantua getting closer and closer to them.[Chapter 10] When we return to Misty, we find her watching Gargantua leave in her spaceship to find some other planets to destroy. When she got to a really dark planet, she found more aliens that wanted to make peace with the humans. When they saw Gargantua, they looked scared. \"Who are you?\" one of the aliens asked. \"I'm your worst nightmare,\" Gargantua said. Then, she got back on her ship,fired a laser at the planet and destroyed it. Then she went to a really light planet, where she found even more aliens that wanted to make peace with the humans. When they saw Gargantua, they too looked scared. \"Who are you?\" another one of the aliens asked. \"I'm your worst nightmare?\" Gargantua told them. Then she got in her ship,fired a laser at this planet and destroyed it too. Then she headed back to Misty's planet, not knowing she was being followed by the space police. When Gargantua got to Misty's planet, the space police put up a hologram as they landed. When Misty saw Gargantua, she started to hide. When Gargantua couldn't find her, Misty snuck up behind her and took off the mask which fell into a hole leading to acell on the space police's ship. Suddenly, the space police grabbed Gargantua and brought her aboard their ship and put her in a cell. What they didn't know was that the cell had the mask in it. Meanwhile, Misty and Mya searched for the mask but couldn't find it. When Gargantua saw the mask, she decided to wait to put it on. Misty and Mya hoped it wasn't in the hands of an evil person. The End For now ","Summary":" On a time like no other, there was a girl named Misty Starbucks, who was 21 years old, walking to t"},{"Movie":"The Mask","Title":"Peggy Brandt and The Mask 3 -Remake","Author":"dec181985","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10458489","Passage":"[Chapter 1] One day, Peggy and the others were looking for someone for Tina. Just then, they see a man that Tina likes. Tina hides as she wolf-whistles. The man is walking by as he trips over something which goes flying through the air. Soon after, the man looks up and a red mask falls right on his face. The man's body starts spinning around in a mini-twister filled with fire, smoke and ash. When the mini-twister stops, we find the man transformed by the powers of the mask. The man's hairstyle remains the same, but his head and face down to the start of his neck is bright red in color. Just then, the man pulls a mirror out of nowhere and looks at his reflection. \"F-f-foggin'! Sorry I meant to say, S-s-smokin'!'\" the man said excitedly. Soon after, Peggy and the others come out and introduce themselves. \"My name is Charlie Schumacher, but you cn call me 'Chuck!'\" the man said, excitedly. Just then, he looks at Tina and wolf-whistles. Peggy and the others invite him to stay with them. \"Only if this beautiful little princess will be there!\" Chuck said, happily. So they all headed off to the mansion to get some sleep. While they're asleep, Pretorius is planning who-knows-what-?. To be continued...[Chapter 2] Chapter 2 When Peggy and the others wake up, they decide to see what's going on. Meanwhile, Pretorius is up to his usual schemes. Pretorius first calls out Walter. Walter starts to run towards them. Just then, Peggy and the others through a black disc. When the black disc lands on the ground, it turns into a black hole and Walter falls down it. Pretorius calls out Tex Clobber and Baxter Simon. They start to run towards Peggy and the others. Soon after, a brick wall appears in front of Tex Clobber and Baxter Simon. Next thing they know, they crash into it knocking them unconscious. After a short while, Peggy and the others get tired. Soon after, they decide to head home. When they get home, they go to their rooms to take a nap. While they're asleep, another mask appears where Walter is. Looks like Peggy and the others, have another thing to watch out for. To be continued...[Chapter 3] Chapter 3 When Peggy and the others wake up, they don't know what's in store for them until they get outside. When they get outside, they see Walter holding a red wooden mask. When Walter brings it to his face, it latches on causing his body to spin around in a mini-twister filled with smoke, fire and ash. When the mini-twister stops, we find Walter transformed. Walter's hairstyle remains the same, but his head and face down to the start of his neck is bright red in color. He has on a gold tuxedo with matching pants and on his feet are black suede shoes. Walter starts to run towards Peggy and the others. Peggy pulls out the 'Sister Mask' and throws it at Walter causing his body to once again spin around. When he stops spinning, he looks the same but there is a red dot on his head. Walter looks at Peggy confused. \"Walter, I'll take off the 'Sister Mask' but you have to behave, okay?\" Peggy asks. Walter nods in agreement. Peggy walks up to Walter and takes off the 'Sister Mask'. Then, she uses her powers to make him 'masked' permanently. When they get home, they decide to take a nap. When they fall asleep, they dream of ways to stop Pretorius once and for all. With Walter on their side, Peggy and the others know they got the advantage. Meanwhile, Pretorius is watching in horror as he notices Walter is not in his lab anymore. Pretorius gets out of his lab to go find Walter not knowing he is with Peggy and the others. Peggy and the others know Pretorius will be shocked when he finds Walter. To be continued...[Chapter 4] Chapter 4 When Peggy and the others wake up, they go outside to see what's going on. Meanwhile, Pretorius iis still looking for Walter. When he runs into the girls, he has a look of horror on his face. \"Walter, is that you?\" he said, shockingly. \"Yep, this is Walter!\" Peggy admitted. \"Ooh, you're going to pay for what you did to Walter!\" Pretorius said, angrily. Pretorius calls out Tex Clobber and Baxter Simon to take care of Peggy and the others. Tex Clobber shoots a missile at them which which disappears as Walter stepped in front of the others. Soon after, Walter picks up Tex Clobber and throws him into the air. When Tex Clobber lands, he lands into the river. Baxter Simon shoots a laser at them which didn't have any affect after Walter stepped in front of it. After that, Walter picks up Baxter Simon and tosses him into the air too. When Baxter Simon lands, he too lands into the river. When Pretorius finds out that he's been beaten, he runs all the way to his lab with an angry look on his face. \"One day I'll make them pay! One day just you wait!\" he said, angrily. After Pretorius leaves, Peggy and the others decide to head home. When they get home, they got to their rooms and take a long nap. While they are sleeping, they are thinking about what to do in the morning. Meanwhile Pretorius is planning for his big attack. To be continued...[Chapter 5] When Peggy and the others wake up, they decide to stay in and sing some karaoke. Kathy decides to sing Fly by Hilary Duff. \"Any moment everything can change! Feel the wind on your shoulder! For a minute all the world can wait! Let go of yesterday! Can you hear it calling? Can you feel it in your soul? Can you trust this long...and take control? Fly! Open up the part of you that wants to hide away! You can shine! Forget about the reasons why you can't in life! And start to try! 'cause it's you time! Time to fly! All your worries! Leave them somewhere else! Find a dream you can follow! Reach for something when there's nothing left! And the world's feeling hollow! Can you hear it calling? Can you feel it in your soul? Can you trust thre longing...and take control? Fly! Open up the part of you that wants to hide away! You can shine! Forget about the reasons why you can't in life! And start to try! 'cause it's your time! Time to fly! And when you're down and feel alone! Just wanna run away! Trust yourself and don't give up! You know you better than anyone else! Any moment everything can change! Feel the wind on your shoulder! For a minute all the world can wait! Let go of yesterday! Fly! Open up the part of you that wants to hide away! You can shine! Forget about the reasons why you can't in life! And start to try! Fly! Forget about the reasons why you can't in life! 'cause it's your time! Time to fly! In a moment, everything can change!\" she sang. Next up is Tina. Tina sings Cry by Hilary Duff. \"Cry love! Cry war! Cry innocence! That is lost forevermore! Cry joy! Cry thief! Cry beautiful! That is just beyond belief! So I... Cry at the end! Cry 'cause it all begins again! Here you are and so am I! And we cry! Cry alone! Cry to me! Cry freedom! Then let yourself be free! To the shed the tears! That have to flow! To hold somebody close to you! and then to let them go! Cry at the end ! Cry 'cause it all begins again! Here you are and so am I! And wee cry! Cry peace! Cry hate! Cry faithlessness! Then just have a little faith! Cry at the end! Cry 'cause it all begins again! Here you and so am I! And we cry! Try to be true! Try 'cause we're only passing through! Here you are and so am I and we cry! Cry at the the end! Cry 'cause it all begins again! Here you are and so am I! And we cry!\" she sang. After they're done singing, they all co to their rooms to take a nap. Meanwhile, a familiar woman has returned to town. Another red wooden mask appears waiting for it's first victim. Meanwhile, Pretorius is up to his old tricks again. To be continued...[Chapter 6] Chapter 6 When Peggy and the others wake up, they decide to go outside to see what's going on. Meanwhile, there's a woman walking down the street when she trips over something causing it to fly into the air. When it lands, it lands right on her face causing her body to spin around in a mini-twister filled with smoke, fire and ash. When the mini-twister stops, we find the woman transformed by the mask. The woman's hairstyle remains the same, but her head and face down to the start of her neck is bright red in color. She has on a black dress, on her hands are black gloves and on her feet are black slippers. Soon after, the woman pulls out a mirror and gazes at her reflection. \"F-f-foggin'! Sorry I meant to say, 'S-s-smokin'!\" the woman said. Just then, Peggy and the others show up to see her. \"Who are you guys?\" the woman asked. Peggy and the others introduce themselves. \"My name is Emily Tuttle! But you can call me 'Emily'!\" the woman said. \"Nice to meet you, Emily!\" Peggy said. \"Its nice to meet you guys, too!\" Emily said. Just then, she spots Walter and she wolf-whistles. \"Who is this hunk of a man?\" Emily asked. \"His name is Walter! He doesn't talk at all!\" Peggy said. \"Walter, what a wonderful name!\" Emily said. Just then, she walks up to Walter and plants a big kiss right on his lips causing him to blush as he returns the kiss. Peggy uses her powers to make Emily 'masked' permanently. Soon after, they get tired and decide to head home. When the get home, they go to their rooms and take a nap. Meanwhile, Pretorius is up to no good again. Peggy and the others are in for a big surprise when they wake up. To be continued...[Chapter 7] When Peggy and the others wake up, they decide to go outside to see what's going on. Just then, Pretorius calls out Baxter Simon and Tex Clobber. Baxter Simon has invented some kind of laser beam and shoots it at Peggy and the others. Peggy and the others pull out a mirror and the shot fires back at Baxter Simon. Baxter Simon ducks when the laser almost hits him. Then he runs away only to end up in the river. Tex Clobber tries to grab them. Emily sneaks up behind him only to find out something. \"Eww gross no undies!\" Emily says, in disgust. Then Peggy and the others throw a barrel of electric eels at him shocking him. After he is done being shocked, Tex Clobber runs after them. Peggy and the others step out of the way. Tex Clobber ends up falling into the river with Baxter Simon. After Peggy and the others are done with Baxter Simon and Tex Clobber, they decide to go home and take a nap. When they get home, they go to their rooms to get some sleep. While they're asleep, Pretorius is plotting a scheme against them. Peggy and the others will be in for a big surprise when they wake up. To be continued...[Chapter 8] Chapter 8 When Peggy and the others wake up, they go outside to be shocked at what they see. They see a bunch of people running for their lives. When Peggy and the others see Pretorius, they decide to see what he's up to. Pretorius is trying to brainwash people into doing his bidding. When he sees Peggy and the others, he fires a missile at them. Peggy and the others get out of the way. Pretorius gets in another of his robot bodies. He then fires a laser at Peggy and the others. Peggy and the others pull out a giant mirror which reflects the laser right back at him. Soon after, his robot body blows up causing his head to detach and head back to his lab. When Peggy and the others are done with Pretorius, they decide to head home. When they get home, they decide to go to their rooms and take a nap. While they're asleep, Pretorius is thinking of a new plan to get rid of them once and for all. Peggy and the others are in for some action when the wake up in the morning. To be continued...[Chapter 9] Chapter 9 When Peggy and the others wake up, they decide to take a little stroll. Soon after, Pretorius calls out Tex Clobber and Baxter Simon to take care of them. When Peggy and the others see Tex Clobber and Baxter Simon, they pull out a black disc. The black disc flies through the air and lands under both of her feet. The black disc turns into a black hole causing Tex Clobber and Baxter Simon to fall in. Next thing they know, they're in a jail cell. \"That takes care of them, who's next!\" Peggy asked victoriously. Just then, Pretorius comes out of his lab dressed in his new robot body. \"If you want something done, you've got to do it yourself!\" Pretorius said, angrily. Pretorius fires a laser at them. Peggy and the others duck just in time to miss the laser. \"It's not just a laser, it's a mortar cannon!\" Pretorius exclaimed. Just then, a missile comes out of the cannon. Peggy and the others make a huge pipe. When the missile goes in it, Peggy and the others twist it around causing the missile to fly back at Pretorius. Pretorius gets hit with the missile causing his robot body to be destroyed. Pretorius's head detaches from his body and flies back to his lab. Peggy and the others get tired and decide to head home. Meanwhile Pretorius, is waiting for his final moment with Peggy and the others. To be continued...[Chapter 10] Chapter 10 When Peggy and the others wake up, they decide to get rid of Pretorius once and for all. As soon as they get outside, they see Pretorius. Pretorius fires another laser at them. Peggy and the others pull out a giant mirror. The laser is reflected back at Pretorius. Pretorius ducks right before the laser gets a chance to get him. \"It's not just a laser! It's a mortar cannon!\" he says, smoothly, getting ready to fire it. When he fires it, Peggy and the others jump out of the way. Walter sees him and punches him causing his head to pop off his robot body. The head returns to the lab and fires all the weapons Pretorius has. The head returns to his body as he sits in his chair and puts on a wicked smile. Suddenly all his weapons are reflected back to his lab and they fire. The lab blows up with him trapped in it. When Peggy and the others get to the lab, they don't find Pretorius's body and he was never seen again. When they're done, they let Tina and Emily decide who they want to be with. \"I choose to be with Chuck for the rest of my life!\" Tina said, excitedly. Then, she walks up to Chuck and plants a big kiss right on his lips. When, they're done Emily chooses. \"I choose to be with Walter for the rest of my life!\" Emily said, excitedly. After that, they decide to go home and take a nap. When they get home, they go to their rooms to get some rest. And they all lived happily ever after. The End ","Summary":" One day, Peggy and the others were looking for someone for Tina. Just then, they see a man that Tin"},{"Movie":"The Mask","Title":"Lily Mason and the mask","Author":"dec181985","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12025518","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Our story begins with a man named Abraham Mason, his wife Isabella and their daughter Lily. Lily was just learning to crawl when her parents decided to move into a new town. Once there, they let Lily crawl around the house. Not knowing there was an open door that lead to the backyard, Abraham and Isabella brought their stuff inside. While in the backyard, Lily found a secret crawl space that led to the inside of the house. When she got to the end of the crawl space, she saw a glowing green object blocking the way in. Lily grabbed the it and headed back outside to see what it was. When she saw it was nothing but a green wooden mask,she turned it around to look at the inside. When she saw it glow again, she put her head inside of the mask. The mask jumped off the ground and onto her face causing her to spin around the house in a tornado, knocking everything over in her path. When she stopped spinning, she had on a light blue bathing suit like Sena Kashiwazaki from the Haganai series, her blonde hair was longer and had a blue butterfly clip in it. \"Gaah, Gaah, Goo, Goo!\" Lily said, feeling happiness all over. Then she said something not heard coming from a baby's mouth. \"Smokin'!\" she said, as she crawled to a mirror on the ground and looked at her reflection. Then, she went off to have some fun.[Chapter 2] When we return to Lily, she is walking into the house. When Abraham and Isabella looked at her with shocked expressions on their faces. \"Lily what happened to your face?\" Abraham said. \"Well, I found this mask when I found a crawl space when I was outside. I also found a crawl space leading to the inside. The mask was blocking it so I headed outside and the next thing I know I put it on,\" Lily said, saying more words than a month year old should say. This caused Abraham to faint. \"Momma why did Dadda fall down?\" Lily said. At the moment, Isabella fainted and Lily went outside to explore the city. While in the city, a nurse saw Lily and wanted to know how she could walk and talk when she was only a month old. \" I got to know how she's using that much power,\" the nurse said, laughing an evil laugh. It was obvious that the nurse wanted those powers for her own. \"I'll get those powers or my name isn't Mary Bupkiss,\" the nurse said, laughing another evil laugh. When she got home, she grabbed her face and pulled off the mask. \"Momma, Dadda what's going on?\" Lily asked, not knowing what the mask did to her. \"You can talk,\" Isabella said, with a big smile on her face. \"Yeah, I guess after I put on the mask, I learned to walk and talk,\" Lily said. \"You can walk, too. That's great!\" Abraham said, smiling at his daughter. \"Yeah and we never had to teach her how!\" Isabella said. \"Let's test her knowledge,\" Abraham suggested. \"Okay,\" Isabella agreed. \"Lily, how old is your mom and how old is your dad?\" Abraham said. \"Momma's 29 and Dadda's 31,\" Lily said. Seeing her parents smile, made her happy that they were not freaked out by her talking. \"Okay, Lilly where'd you put the mask?\" Isabella asked, wanting to wear it. \"I put it in my crib,\" Lily told her. Isabella grabbed the mask out of the crib and brought it close to her face. The mask started to suck her face causing her to pull it away. \"Maybe, I don't want to try it on,\" Isabella said, thinking it over in her mind. Just then, the mask started to glow causing Isabella to bring it to her face again. This time it jumped out of her hands and latched onto her face causing her body to spin around in a tornado. When she stopped spinning, we find a new and improved Isabella. Isabella's red hair was longer than before, her whole face was a bright green color. She had the same outfit that Yukari Sakuragi wore in Another. When Lily saw Isabella, her jaw dropped to the floor. \"Wow, Momma,you look hot!\" Lily said, liking her mom's new look. Thank you, sweetie, and what do you think Abraham?\" Isabella asked her husband. Abraham started to run but Isabella stopped him. \"Don't tease me, Abraham, I want another baby!\" Isabella told him. Abraham didn't know how he was going to get out of this one.[Chapter 3] When we return to Abraham and Isabella, he looks at her funny. \"Another baby, it's too soon!\" Abraham told her. \"You're right, I forgot!\" Isabella said, remembering that they still had Lily. Then, Isabella decided to have a night on the town. \"Hey, baby, can you watch Lily for me. You're such a sweet heart,\" Isabella said. Before Abraham could say no, Isabella had all left. As she was outside, she decided to go to the mall to buy some new outfits. After buying all the outfits in her size, she headed back to her house. Then, she put the outfits in the closet and went back outside. When she was outside, she decided to go to the zoo. When the animals saw her green face, they all hid from sight. \"Where did all the animals go, this is a ripoff.\" Isabella said outraged. She then headed home. When she was heading home, it started to rain. She walked in the house with mud on her shoes. Meanwhile, at the police station, the sheriff heard about a green faced lady who was frightening all the animals at the zoo and went to investigate. When she got there, she saw muddy footprints and decided to follow them. When she got to Isabella's place, she knocked on the door and waited for someone to answer.[Chapter 4] \"When she heard a knock at the door, Isabella grabbed her face and pulled off the mask. Just then, Lily answered the door. \"I'm Sheriff Madison Dukesburry, is your mother or father home?\" the sheriff asked. \"Both Momma and Dadda are home,\" Lily told her. \"What's your name?\" Sheriff Dukesburry asked. \"My name is Lily, it's very nice to meet you,\" Lily told her. Just then, Isabella came into the room carrying the mask. Sheriff Dukesburry told Isabella to give her the mask. Hesitating, Isabella gave her the mask. Sheriff Dukesburry didn't know why but when she first saw the mask she wanted to put it on. Taking her chance, she brought the mask to her face. The mask made a sucking sound and she pulled it away. \"What was that?\" Sheriff Dukesburry asked. Just then, the mask started to glow causing her to bring it to her face again. The mask jumped out of her hands and latched onto her face causing her body to spin around in a tornado. When the tornado stopped, we find a new and improved Sheriff Dukesburry. Her blonde hair was longer, and her face was now a bright green color. She had on the same outfit Kureha Suzuka wore in Tokko. She then went into the bathroom to look in the bathroom mirror so she could see her reflection. \"Smokin'!\" she said, admiring her new look. After looking at herself, she went over to Lily and kissed her on the cheek. Isabella turned on the TV and saw someone trying to rob the bank. Before leaving, she gave Lily another kiss on the cheek. \"How old are you?\" Sheriff Dukesburry asked her. \"I'm a month old. When I put on the mask, I learned how to walk and talk,\" Lily told her. Then, Sheriff Dukesburry gave her another kiss on the cheek before going to the bank. \"I think I'm in love,\" Lily said. \"Lily, she's old enough to be your mother,\" Isabella said. \"So, she's hot,\" Lily told her. \"Lily, you're not old enough to be in love or to think anyone's hot,\" Abraham said. After saving the bank from getting robbed from the evil nurse, she went home to build a machine of some kind. \"This machine will make Lily older, then me and her can be together forever,\" she said, heading back to Lily's house. When her parents were asleep, Lily went outside. When Sheriff Dukesburry saw Lily, she picked her up and took her to the machine. After getting there, she put Lily in the machine and turned it on. A bunch of smoke came out while Lily was in the machine. When the smoke cleared, Lily was much older. Lily was wearing the same outfit Sakura Haruno wore in Wandaba Style. \"Lily, you look hot,\" Sheriff Dukesburry said. \"So do you, Sheriff Dukesburry,\" Lily told her. \"Please, Lily, call me Madison,\" she said. \"Okay, so do you, Madison,\" Lily said. Just then, they looked at each other and smiled. Then, Lily grabbed Sheriff Dukesburry and kissed her right on the lips. \"I love you, Lily,\" Sheriff Dukesburry told her. \" I love you, too, Madison,\" Lily told her. Then, Lily and Sheriff kicked the machine causing it to blow up. Before it blew up, Sheriff Dukesburry grabbed Lily and went straight to the police station. While there, they climbed into one of the beds and fell asleep. While they were asleep, the mask came off and the evil nurse grabbed it.[Chapter 5] When we return to Lily and Sheriff Dukesburry, we see Nurse Bupkiss raising the mask to her face. Once the mask touched her skin, it made a sucking sound, but she didn't pull it away. The mask latched onto her face causingher body start spinning around in a tornado. When the tornado stopped, we find a new and improvedNurse Bupkiss. Nurse Bupkiss's hair was longer, she has muscles,a green monster face with red eyes, sharp teeth and snake tongue. She is wearing the same outfit as Rambo carrying a shot gun in her right hand. Once Sheriff Dukesburry wakes up, she teachesfor hergun but Nurse Bupkiss shot her three times in the chest causing Lily to wake up. When Lily saw Sheriff Dukesburry go down, she reaches for the sheriff's gun, but Nurse Bupkiss was already gone. \"Don't worry,Lily, I was wearing a bulletproof vest,\" Sheriff Dukesburry said. Just then, the mayor walked in and saw the damage. There was ahole in the wall and the prison bars were bent. When the mayor saw Sheriff Dukesburry and Lily, he was outraged. \"Sheriff Dukesburry, hand me your badgeand your gun,\" the mayor said. \"What, why?\" Sheriff Dukesburry asked. \"You're fired!\" the mayor said. \"But Mayor Arbuckle, it wasn't my fault,\" the now ex sheriff said. \"Then who's fault was it?\" the angry mayor asked. \"It was mine,\" Lily said. \"I see, but you're still fired,\" Mayor Arbuckle said, turning from Lily to Madison. \"Well, what do we do now?\" Madison asked. \"We need to find a way to get the mask back,\" Lily said. \"But how?\" Madison asked. Meanwhile, Nurse Bupkiss was heading back to the jail. When she saw Mayor Arbuckle, she shot him three times in the head causing him to die. Lily and Madison heard gunshots, and headed back to the jail tofound Mayor Arbuckle dead. When Lily saw Nurse Bupkiss, she was trying to find a way to get the mask back.[Chapter 6] When we return to Lily and Madison, we find them trying to find a way to unmask the evil nurse. Then, they suddenly got an idea. \"Okay, Madison you distract her and I'll sneak up behind her and take off the mask,\" Lily said. \"Okay, Lily, good plan,\" Madison said. Madison ran in front of the nurse, and started mocking her. \"I bet you can't catch me,\" Madison said. Madison started running until a cage fell down on her trapping her. \"Okay, Lily now,\" she said. Lily snuck up from behind her, grabbed her face and pulled the mask off. After Lily pulled off the mask and started to run. She lost her footing and fell face first into the mask. Lily's body started spinning around in a tornado causing everything in her way to fall over. When the tornado stopped, we find a new and improved Lily. Lily's hair was in pigtails, her face was now a lime green color. She was wearing the same outfit as Sakura Haruno from the Naruto series. Just then, the nurse grabbed Madison and pulled out a knife. \"Give me the mask or I'll kill your girlfriend,\" Nurse Bupkiss said. \"What are you going to kill her with, that banana,\" Lily asked. Suddenly, the knife in Nurse Bupkiss's hand turned into a banana. She started to run, and the cage fell on top of her, trapping her so she could not escape. Lily grabbed Madison to her parents house. Once there, Lily took off the mask and hid in the bushes while Madison knocked on the door. \"Sheriff Dukesburry, have you found Lily?\" Isabella asked. \"Well, there's someone I want you to meet,\" Madison said. Lily came out from behind the bushes so Isabella could see her. \"Hello Momma, it's me, Lily,\" Lily said. \"Is this some kind of joke?\" Isabella asked. \"Look at her face,\" Madison said. Isabella took a closer look and recognized her daughter's face. \"Lily, it really is you,\" Isabella said. \"Yes, Momma, it really is,\" Lily said. \"But how?\" Isabella asked. \"When I was wearing the mask, I built some kind of machine that made Lily older,\" Madison said. \"Can you change her back?\" Isabella asked. \"I'll have to put on the mask again, and build another time machine to change her back,\" Madison said. \"Lily, what do you want, I'll let you decide,\" Isabella said. \"I want to be with Madison,\" Lily said. \"Well, I'll let you be with Sheriff Dukesburry, then,\" Isabella said. \"It's just Madison, now. I got fired!\" Madison told her. \"How come?\" Isabella asked. Just then, the nurse came out of house carrying a knife after killing Abraham. \"Because of me,\" Nurse Bupkiss said. \"I know you, you were on the news,\" Isabella said. Just then, Lily saw the knife and noticed the blood on it. \"What did you do? Where's Dadda?\" Lily asked. \"I killed him, and if you don't give me the mask, I'll kill your mother, too,\" Nurse Bupkiss said. Lily handed Nurse Bupkiss the mask, but Isabella knocked it out of her hands causing it to fly out of her hands. Isabella made a grab for it, but it slipped out of her hands and landed right on her face causing another transformation to take place.[Chapter 7] When we return to Lily and Madison, we see them watching Isabella spinning around in a tornado. When the tornado stops, we find a new and improved Isabella. Isabella's head is a bright green color. She has on the same outfit as Olivia Moore from iZombie, and she can see people's memories just by touching them. The nurse tried to grab her face, but Isabella grabbed her arm. \"So you not only killed my husband you killed a police officer, too,\" Isabella said. Suddenly a cage fell on top of Lily and Madison trapping them. Nurse Bupkiss hopped on the cage and started jumping up and down on it causing it to start smashing down on Lily and Madison. \"Stop it,\" Isabella said. \"I'll stop if you give me the mask,\" Nurse Bupkiss said. Then, Isabella took off the mask and opened the cage. Just as Isabella was about to hug her daughter, she got shot in the back three times. \"Momma, no, don't leave me, I need you,\" Lily said. \"I'll always be with you, but I'm going to see your father again, so be happy about that,\" Isabella said. Those were Isabella's last words. \"Momma, please wake up, please Momma,\" Lily said. Nurse Bupkiss went to pull on the mask but Madison kicked it out of her hands causing it to fall to the ground and break in half. Madison picked up both halves and walked over to Lily, who was still mourning the loss of her mother.[Chapter 8] After Lily got up from crying over the loss of her mother, her and Madison each put on a half of the mask. Then, their bodies started spinning around in tornadoes, knocking what was ever in their path over. When the tornadoes stop, we see new improved versions of Lily and Madison. Lily's got on a dress which has white on one side and black on the other. Madison's go on a kimono that has pink on one side and wine on the other. Just then, they head toward the nurse to get some payback. The nurse ran off and none of them could find her. \"We have to find her and pay her back for what she did to my momma,\" Lily and her other half said at the same time. \"I agree, we have to stop her,\" Madison and her other half said at the same time. \"I'm right above you,\" Nurse Bupkiss said. Then, she grabbed both of their faces with both hands and took bothhalves of the mask offand put one on. After she stopped spinning, she was wearing a nurse's outfit that was half pink and half white. Then, she builta cloning device and made a clone of herself. \"Here put this on,\" she said to her clone. \"Alright, Mary,\" the clone said. The clone jammed the other half of the mask on her face and started spinning around in a tornado, knocking almost everything over. When the tornado stopped, we see a new and improved clone. She was wearing a nurses outfit that was half angel blue and half white. The nurse and her clone looked at Lily and Madison as they started chasing afterthem. \"Now what do we do?\" Lily asked. \"I don't know, I just don't know,\" Madison said. After that, the nurse and her clone were catching up to them. Lily and Madison had no idea what to do next.[Chapter 9] When we return to Lily and Madison, we see them trying to find a way to get the half masks off Nurse Bupkiss and her clone. Then, suddenly they got an idea. Nurse Bupkiss was trying to figure out a name for her clone. \"Since my name is Mary, I'll call you Yram, which is my name spelled backwards,\" Nurse Bupkiss said. \"I like it, I like it a lot, EsrunYram Ssikpub,\" the clone said. While they were talking, Madison and Lily grabbed Nurse Bupkiss and Esrun Ssikpub. Then, they grabbed the nurse's and her clone's faces and tugged both halves of the mask until they came off. After that, Lily and Madison put the two halves together. \"We have to get rid of this thing before anyone wears it,\" Lily said. \"You're right,\" Madison agreed. Just then, the mask flew out Lily's hands. Madison made a dive for it, but the mask landed right on her face causing her body to spin around in another tornado. When the tornado stops, we find a new and improved Madison. Madison was wearing the same outfit as Batgirl except for the mask, because her head was a brightgreen color. She found a mirror and looked at her reflection. \"Smokin'! It feels so good to be back,\" Madison said. \"Madison, please take off that mask,\" Lily pleaded. \"No, never again,\" Madison told her. Then she went zipping around the whole town. Lily decided to go after her and try to get the mask off.[Chapter 10] When we return to Lily, we find her trying to keep up with Madison. Meanwhile, Nurse Bupkiss and Esrun Ssikpub are following Madison too. When they catch up with her, Esrun Ssikpub grabs Madison's face and rips off the mask. The mask went flying through the air. Esrun Ssikpub made a grab for it, but it flew out of her hands and landed right on her face causing her body to spin around in a tornado, destroying everything in her path. When the tornado stops, we find a new and improved Esrun Ssikpub. Esrun Ssikpub's hair was longer, her head was was a bright green color. She was wearing the same outfit as Catwoman with claws and everything. She pulls out a mirror and looks at her reflection. \"Smokin'! Now to destroy someone,\" Esrun Ssikpub said. Just then, a bunch of police officers show up and start shooting at her. Esrun Ssikpub uses her cat-like claws to destroy every single one of them. Madison sneaks up behind her and pulls off the mask. After that, another bunch of police officers show up and arrest both Nurse Bupkiss and her clone. Lily and Madison find a bridge and Madison hands Lily the mask and threw it in the river. Then, they head home. What Lily didn't know is that mask she threw in the river was a fake and Madison still had the mask. Madison decided she didn't have enough fun with it yet. The End For now ","Summary":" Our story begins with a man named Abraham Mason, his wife Isabella and their daughter Lily. Lily wa"},{"Movie":"The Mask","Title":"Daughter of the Mask","Author":"gigglingmenehune","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8748852","Passage":"[Chapter 1] AN: Hey People: D this is one of my first fanfic EVAH so please go easy on me with the flames anyways on with the story: D In the hospital we see Stanley Ipkiss pacing rapidly by the operation room worrying about his wife and about his child. Then a Doctor clad in green came into the waiting room.\" Is she okay? Is my child okay?\" Stanly asked. \"She is fine and so is the child. They're waiting for you in the next room\" Said the Doctor. With that Stanly immediately rushed into the room to see his wife and newborn child. \"It's a healthy, happy girl Mr. Ipkiss\" A nurse congratulated. There was his wife Peggy \"Brandt\" Ipkiss with their new child wrapped in a pink blanket peacefully asleep. \"She looks just like you Peggy\" Stanly said as he studied the female infant that so closely resembles his wife. \"I know\" she said as she caressed the little infant, \"and she is just so precious\" she said as she ran her fingers through her daughter's small tuft of brown hair. \"Can I hold her?\" asked Stanley. \"Of course you can Stanley\" Peggy answered as she carefully handed the infant to Stanley. As the infant was placed in Stanley's arms he couldn't help but smile. Then the infant woke up and opened her eyes revealing them to be a dark chocolate brown. \"So what are you going to name her Peggy?\" Stanley asked. \"I am thinking maybe Elizabeth, Elizabeth Diana Ipkiss\" Peggy Replied as she smiled. \"Elizabeth, what a beautiful name for her, how about you little one? Do you like it?\" said Stanley. The infant responded with a smile and a giggle. \"Elizabeth it is then\" said Peggy. \"Mr. Ipkiss you have to leave now. Your wife will have to stay for the night to recover from labor. You can pick her up in the afternoon tomorrow\" Said the Doctor. \"Are sure you are going to be okay Peggy?\" said Stanley with a concerned face. \"Don't worry Stanley I will be okay besides I have company\" she said as she gestured to the infant now named Elizabeth. \"Alright then see you two tomorrow\" Stanley said while he carefully placed Elizabeth in his wife's arms and then walked out the hospital. 'This is great 'thought Stanley as he got into the car. 'I am officially now a father to the most beautiful baby in the world'. He then drove away to their apartment excited that he finally has a daughter. Sorry that I deleted this story. I found out that I had some mistakes that my spell and grammar checker didn't pick up but any ways please Review this. :D[Chapter 2] The Next day in the afternoon Stanley was hurrying to leave work to pick up his wife. He hurriedly packed up his brief case and ran to the door. He was in such a rush that he bumped into Charlie the bank manager and Stanley's friend. \"Whoa Stanley what the rush?\" said Charlie. \"Well Charlie it's my wife. See yesterday she just gave birth to my baby girl and I have to leave early to pick her up.\" Said Stanley in a much stressed tone hopping that his friend and boss will allow him to leave so he could pick up his wife and child on time, and his face really spelled stress and excitement. Charlie thought for a bit about letting his employee leaving early. I mean sure they were friends and will be there for each other no matter, and he knows very much what happens when you keep your wife waiting with your child for to long. However time is money and he could use Stanley to do his check registration, but maybe just this once he will let Stanley be. \"Well don't let me keep you! Making a lady waiting is a bad omen if you ask me. Trust me I had my experiences\" Said Charlie. \"Really? I can go?\" said Stanley surprised that his boss is letting him leave early. \"Yeah, so go out there and get your princess Romeo\" replied Charlie with a smirk. \"And while your at it I need you to do something for me,\" said Charlie. Stanley let a bug sigh. He should have known that Charlie would never let him leave without him do some ridiculous errand for the bank. In fact Stanley felt more like an Errand boy for Charlie than a Friend. Then again Charlie also is his boss so he guessed it would make sense that Charlie would send him to do these kinds of tasks. \"What is it that I have to do?\" asked Stanley with a frown. \"I just need you to get a package from the post office for me. It is just something that can help the bank's computers,\" explained Charlie. \"Okay I will see what I can do\" said Stanley a little peeved.\" Thanks Stan, oh and say hello to the little one and Peggy for me,\" Charlie thanked.\" I will\" replied Stanley. He then jumped into his car and put on his seat belt. He then took out his keys and put it in the key hole and tried to get his car to start on the third try he banged on his steering wheel in frustration. 'I seriously need to get a new car' Thought Stanley. He then had an idea and opened the car's glove department and rummaged through it until he took out a green wooden mask. Stanley studied the mask; it emitted a green glow on the back. He wondered if it could work this time. See the mask hasn't been working correctly ever since Peggy got pregnant. In fact it has been a long time since he wore it. Most would think that he would be relived that the mask doesn't work. The Mask caused him more trouble than it did do him any good. That was mostly because it liked to mess with the cops, and that every villain that he have ever met kept trying to kill him to get revenge. He sometimes even wished that he never found the mask to begin with, but he knew that the world needed The Mask. Deep down though he kind of missed being The Mask and fighting crime. It just gave him a little excitement to his boring life, and he felt special when he wore the mask. It made him feel that he had a purpose before Peggy became his wife. There is no Guarantee that the mask would work now, but it wouldn't hurt to try. Stanley put the mask to his Face and felt the mask tighten around his face and started twisting around in his car in a green tornado and was spun outside of the car. When the tornado stopped Stanley transformed into a bald, green faced man with a yellow zoot suit and fedora. \"Sssmokin\" said Stanley/Mask. \"Now to get the fix up this lousy piece of metallic poop\" Said the Mask. He then took out a remote and pressed the button and transformed his car into a super fast hot rod. He then slammed his foot on the gas and drove to the hospital. (At the power plant) At a secret laboratory there is a pale faced man with red eyes, a patch of red hair on his head. He wore a purple tux, dark purple gloves, purple pants, and black shoes. \"So mister Ip-kiss, you thought delaying to keep your mask on to hide for me is a good idea,\" said the man. \"I Dr Pretorius Shall have my revenge against you for ruining my previous attempt to pursuit of knowledge,\" said Dr. Pretorius. \"And I have a good idea how to get it,\" said Dr. Pretorius. As he pressed a button and the monitor and a picture of the Stanley as himself helping Peggy into the car with their daughter in a white basket placed carefully backward in the back seat. Then he zoomed in on Elizabeth Ipkiss \"I have a theory that your daughter is more of then she seems\" he said as he broke into an evil crackle.[Chapter 3] An: If you are reading this then you have clicked my story for fun and adventure. So you now know that Dr Pretorius is the main antagonist of this story and you are excited now to see how he is going to carry out his evil plans. Well there is only one way to find out for sure READ the story. NOW ON WITH THE STORY. R&R; At the laboratory Dr. Pretorius was reading the necronomicon an ancient spell book that possesses a wide variety of spells and ancient rituals. He was reading about a ritual to extract magic from a person imbued with powers of magical objects. He pressed a button on his intercom in his base to call a goon. \"Walter please come into my office I need you to do something for me,\" said Dr Pretorius. As on cue a large 8ft tall man walked into the room. The Man looked a lot like a pale Franken stein in a business suit, only he had no bolts on his neck. \"I need you to go to the Ipkiss residence and collect a DNA sample from the baby, according to my scanners she has a high level of magical power, and you will go there disguised as a an exterminator\" said Dr Pretorius. \"I have just read about this ritual in this book that I have obtained by stealing it from a museum. The ritual will allow me to extract the magic power from the individual. However it needs a vessel and some DNA from the individual himself, or rather herself in this case, to make the ritual work,\" explained Dr Pretorius to the brunet. \"I have chosen this vacuum cleaner to be the vessel it is simple to use, easy to disguise and very portable,\" continued Dr Pretorius as he pressed another button causing a pedestal to rise from the floor. It had a small, red, handheld vacuum cleaner on it. He just nodded his head understanding on what he has to do. \"I am also going to give you this pill to allow you to communicate and a watch that will disguise you as a normal person so you could go unnoticed,\" said Dr Pretorius as he gave the monster like man a digital watch and a blue pill. The monster obediently took them. Putting the watch around his large wrist and swallowing the blue pill. \"Yes master\" said Walter in a deep monotone voice. \"Now go get me that sample\" ordered Pretorius. \"Yes master\" said Walter as he pressed a button in the watch turning him into a 6ft tall middle aged man with white hair he was wearing a purple exterminator jumpsuit and walked out the door to fulfill his task. Mean while at the Ipkiss residence. Stanley and Peggy got home with their daughter in her basket wrapped in a pink blanket. They put her on the couch then walked into the kitchen to have some coffee. \"so how was your night at the hospital Peggy,\" Stanley asked. \"it was boring, the TV never had anything good on and the food was just terrible said Peggy. \"Well no one said that the hospital had five star, gourmet foods Peggy\" said Stanley. Peggy couldn't help but laugh at Stanley's joke. \"Yeah you can be right there Stanley\" said Peggy. They looked at each other's eyes and kissed for ten seconds. Stanley had his arms wrapped around Peggy's waist and Peggy had her arms around Stanley's neck. When they broke apart for air they just embraced each other. Then Peggy broke the embrace taking a step back from Stanley \"I am going to the store to buy some diapers for Elizabeth, can you watch her while I am gone?' asked Peggy. \" Of course I will Peggy, we are a team and we need each other more than ever now that we have Elizabeth,\" replied Stanley. \"Thanks Stanley I don't know what I do without you\" Said Peggy as she pecked a goodbye kiss on Stanley cheek then left in her car. Stanley blushed and touched the spot on his cheek that Peggy has kissed. I mean he had before been kissed by Peggy but it just never got old. It was like a never dying love than renews itself with each touch or kiss. He then walked in the living room to where Elizabeth was. \"Come on Elizabeth lets watch some TV\" He said as he took out he remote and turned on the TV. \"A woman was raped and killed on the highway today\" said an anchor man. Stanley quickly changed the channel to a different station hoping the next one would be appropriate for Elizabeth but each time he flipped through the channels each one was more inappropriate than the last. Ssssssshhhh \"Pot is not that bad Jack\" sssssh \"Go tooooo sleeeeeeep *slush*\" ssssh \"today on MTV is holly wood classics un-muted and uncensored\" at that point Stanley turned off the TV. \"Uhh you know what TV is bad for you, how about we read a story instead?\" said Stanley as he picked up a fairytale book. \"Once upon a time there was a princess who-\"Stanley read but he was interrupted by a loud growl from Elizabeth's stomach who cried in hunger. \"Oh your hungry come on we will go to the kitchen to get you some food\" said Stanley as he picked up Elizabeth and then seated her on a high chair. He opened the fridge and searched for some baby food. \"Ah there is some baby formula\" he said. He took out the formula poured it out into a baby bottle and put it into the micro wave. When it was finished he took it out and squirted the milky formula on his wrist to test the temperature. He then gave the bottle to Elizabeth who sucked on it greedily. After a few minutes of drinking the formula he took the bottle away and Elizabeth let out a loud burp. So loud it shook the apartment building. \"Wow that was pretty loud one you made there\" Said Stanley surprised that something so little burped so loudly. She let out very sleepy yawn so Stanley picked her up and carried her to the nursery and placed her in the crib where she fell asleep He heard some knocking on the door and he went to the door and opened it. In the doorway was a pale faced man with white hair in a purple exterminator jumpsuit. \"There is an infestation in the building sir\" said the man in a deep monotone voice. \"An infestation? I don't remember any pests here,\" said Stanley. He was a little suspicious of the man. There hasn't been an infestation when they moved here. \"that is what they all say before the pest start leaving little gifts,\" said the Man. \" my name is Walter by the way, Walter Summers\" he introduced himself as he pushed Stanley out of the way and placed his equipment on the floor right next to the couch. He secretly let some life like robotic mice which scurried into the baby's room. \"ACK mice! They are heading for the nursery,\" cried Stanley. \"See what did I tell ya? I will deal with the little uninvited guest you will stay out here\" said Walter. Before Stanley could protest he pushed Stanley out of the apartment and closed the door. He walked into the nursery and approached the crib where sleeping Elizabeth was. \"Don't worry little one uncle Walter is just going to take a little blood from you\" Said Walter as he took out a needle. The baby woke up and saw Walter. She had a feeling that the man was up to no good. So when the needle was close enough she grabbed his wrist and threw him out of the room. Walter landed with a thud on the wooden floor; he then sat up and rubbed his head. His head hurt a little form the fall. That kid is strong he will give her that. When he got up Elizabeth was standing in the doorway in a kung fu stance. \"so you want to play rough huh? I will play rough here catch this\" He said as he picked up the couch and threw it at her. Elizabeth rolled out of the way and took out a mallet and jumped into the air. She hit Walter on the head hard, so hard he started to stumble. She then took out a pair of roller skates and placed them near him. He stepped on them and ended up skating across the room and out of the window. Elizabeth smiled and picked up Walter's bag and threw out the window. It landed on Walter's head as he was getting out of a dumpster that he fell into and fell back into the dumpster unconscious. Elizabeth satisfied that she got rid of the intruder she looked around the apartment and it was a mess she transformed in a pink tornado and turned into a maid and cleaned the room at a lightning fast speed. When she was done she changed back and let out a very loud yawn and rubbed her eyes. She then went into the nursery and crushed the robotic mice and threw their mechanical bodies into the trash and hopped into her crib. She pulled up the covers over her and cuddled her teddy bear that was next to her. She then fell into a peaceful slumber. Stanley opened the door because of the ruckus he was hearing from outside. He didn't see anything broken or misplaced but he knew he heard some crashing and yelling. The Man wasn't there he figured that he must've left or something through some other entrance. He went to the nursery to check on Elizabeth and found her peacefully asleep with her teddy bear. He smiled as he quietly closed the door so his precious gift from above slept peacefully.[Chapter 4] An: Hey it's your favorite little Hawaiian Goblin the GigglingMenehune. So you have clicked on next button again huh? Looks like you are hooked on this little story. Anyways here is the awesome chapter that you all are waiting for. NOW ON WITH THE STORY!R&R; At Dr Pretorius's laboratory. \"YOU INCOMPETENT BUMBLING FOOL!\" yelled Dr. Pretorius. \"I have given you on simple task that a mere idiotic monkey could do and you have FAILED!\" he continued. \"Sorry master it is just that infant, she-, \"before Walter could finish Dr Pretorius interrupted him.\" SILENCE!\" Dr Pretorius shouted as he slammed his fist on his desk in pure rage. \"Maybe that infant is more powerful than I estimated,\" Said Dr Pretorius. He sat in his chair and turned around viewing the little infant peacefully a slumber. \"I have another idea to get the sample\" said Dr Pretorius as he picked up a paper on his desk. At the Ipkiss residence. A phone ringing was heard in the kitchen. Stanley went quickly to the kitchen and picked up the phone. \"Hey Stanley it's Charlie\" said Charlie over the phone. \"Oh hey Charlie, what is it that you want? The bank is closed,\" said Stanley. \"What? A guy can't call his friend and have a friendly chat?\" said Charlie. \"Come on Charlie I know you better than that.\" said Stanley. Stanley always knew that Charlie never would talk to him unless it's about the business of the bank. \"Stanley all I want is to spend some time with you, how about at the Coco Bongo? I heard that they are having a comeback concert for Gloria Estefan performing,\" said Charlie. \"Besides you could use a little break from taking care of your little Gift,\" said Charlie. \"You can bring your wife and I can bring my girlfriend and we can party all night long\" He continued. Stanley couldn't help but feel great uncertainty. It just doesn't seem right that Charlie wanted to spend some time with him without anything to do with the bank. \"hmmmm I don't know, I am not exactly sure if that would be okay with Peggy. Besides we don't have anyone watching over Elizabeth\" Stanley said. He really wants to hang up the phone on Charlie right now. \"Oh come on Stanley it's just for one night\" insisted Charlie. The fact that Charlie was urging him to go was not helping him at all with his nervousness. Just then Peggy came back from shopping for diapers. \"Stanley who is that you're talking to on the phone,\" Peggy asked curiously. Stanley didn't want to tell Peggy that Charlie was inviting them to the Coco Bongo, but he knew he couldn't lie to her. \"Its Charlie, he wants us to come with him and his girlfriend to the Coco Bongo,\" said Stanley. \"Well why shouldn't we go? So we could get a last taste of freedom,\" said Peggy. \"But Peggy we don't have a babysitter. Who is going to look after Elizabeth while we are gone?\" protested Stanley. \"I can call your grandma she lives just an hour from here. She can watch the baby while we're gone\" said Peggy. Finally despite his nervousness he gave in. \"Okay Charlie we'll come\" said Stanley in defeat. \"That is super Stanley\" said Charlie happily. \"See you two tonight bye\" with that the sound of the phone hanging up could be heard. Stanley had a huge feeling in his stomach that he shouldn't go but if Peggy wants to go so will he. Besides his nervousness is just a feeling, right? At Charlie's apartment. Charlie hanged up the phone and then looked at Walter holding thirty year old red head women that has a perfect hourglass figure. She is wearing a black jacket over a white blouse, and a white skirt. \"There I have done what you wanted me to do now let her go\" said Charlie. \"Pleasure doing business with you\" said Walter as he made an evil chuckle and released the red head. \"Now don't forget to go to the Coco Bongo or your girlfriend will have a date in heaven\" Said Walter as he left the apartment building with a deep monotone laughter. \"Charlie, I am scared, and I don't your friend to be dragged into this too,\" said the red head as she cried in Charlie's arms. \"Don't worry Leanne everything will be fine. Besides I have no choice I don't want you to die\" said Charlie as he tried to comfort the crying woman. \"yeah but I feel terrible betraying your friend. That is just awful\" she said. \"I know Leanne I know\" said Charlie with a frown. He really hopes that he had made the right choice. An: okay so this is a short chapter but I promise you the next one will be longer. So please Read and Review.[Chapter 5] At the Coco Bongo 7:00pm. Stanley drove into the parking lot. He turned off the car and helped Peggy get out of the car. He wrapped his arm around Peggy's waist and they walked into the night club. There were people all dressed up in tuxedos and Dresses. Gloria Estefan was singing Conga, she was wearing a dress that was red on the upper torso and orange on the lower torso. Stanley scanned the room for Charlie. He found him by the bar with Leanne. Stanley still felt some nervousness so he brought the mask with him. He hid it in his tux so if something happens at least he would be able to defend him and Peggy from some random villain. He hoped that if something does happen the mask would work correctly and not fall off. He then looked at Peggy she was wearing a dark blue strapless dress with a blue corsage. She was wearing her usual gold hoop earrings. She looked so beautiful that Stanley almost forgot his nervousness. They walked to the bar to chat with Charlie and Leanne. This only made his nervousness stronger. He ordered a glass of water and Peggy ordered a martini. Stanley could barely concentrate on the conversation with Charlie and Leanne. He was still had a feeling something was up and someone is watching him. He also couldn't help but worry for Elizabeth. Was she okay? Was she still asleep peacefully in her crib? The questions swerve around his mind like a whirlpool. He also couldn't help but noticed that Leanne barely touched her drink. She also had some remorse on her face. Stanley wondered what was she could possibly be regretting. She should be happy right? She had a boyfriend with a great job and a great car. \"Stanley what is wrong you have been quiet lately and you barley touched your drink\" said Peggy. She knew that Stanley seemed to feel nervous. She tries to shrug it off as him being a typical new parent. He was probably was just having worries that a parent would have for their child. However something was telling her that it wasn't the parental nature kicking in she felt that something was going to happen and it would have to do with their child. \"Nothing Peggy just thinking about Elizabeth\" assured Stanley. He put on a smile across his face that looked more forced than it was genuine. \"You are probably feeling what every new parent feels when their child is at home while your away\" said Charlie. Peggy couldn't but feel that he was trying to hide something but she didn't know what. \"Come on Stanley lets dance that can help ease your worrying. I am sure that Elizabeth is fine at home\" said Peggy trying to comfort her worrying husband. They went to dance floor and did twirls, swaying, and dips. This made Stanley feel a little better maybe Charlie was right he was just having his parental nature kicking in, right? At the laboratory Dr. Pretorius was studying a monitor that had Stanley and Peggy driving up in the driveway. He cracked and evil grin, he then pressed a button. \"Team alpha surround the premises and take the targets,\" said Dr Pretorius. He then looked at another monitor and it had Walter and some 9ft tall mech armor soldiers. \"Walter you have the approval to go and get the child\" said Dr. Pretorius. Both teams did as they were told. At the Coco Bongo \"EVERYONE HANDS ON YOUR HEAD AND GET ON THE GROUND\" shouted a goon in a black jumpsuit with a purple trim. He had a plasma assault rifle in his friend. The crowd was roaring in fear and they did as they were told. A goon was trying to shove Stanley and Peggy to the floor. Peggy was easy but Stanley was resisting. \"hey come on now I need to go to the bathroom,\" said Stanley. He hopped that he could go into the bathroom and be able to put on the mask so he would be able to save everyone. \"Fine but I am going with you to make sure you don't try anything,\" Said the guard. He grabbed Stanley by the arm and shoved him into the bathroom with the rifle aimed at his head. \"Um I need to use the stall you can wait out here if you like\" said Stanley. \"Fine, just make it quick as he pushed Stanley forcefully into the stall. Stanley reached into his tux and pulled out the mask. He slapped it on and spun around into a green tornado. \"oy what is going on in there\" said the guard pointing his rifle at the stall door. He was greeted with a powerful blast of toilet water and other contents. He was thrown across the bathroom from the blast. He looked up to find out what the flip was going on. \"I hope you enjoyed that refreshing drink\" said The Mask. The Guard picked up the rifle and aimed at The Mask. \"Now, now didn't your mother told you not to point guns at stranger\" said The Mask as he swiped the gun away and broke it in his hand. He then gave the man a wedgie and tossed him out the door. The other guards surrounded the bathroom and pointed their guns at the door. Stink bombs were tossed out of the door and into the room. They made the goons choke and tear up their eyes. \"whooooo weeee I would not go in there if I was you\" Said The Mask as he entered the room with a gas mask. The goons open fire on the Mask. The mask turned into a Neo(the matrix) outfit and dodged them all in slow motion. When the goons ran out of bullets they took out nightsticks and charged at The Mask. The Mask then transformed into a hulking green monster 'MASK CRUSH GOONS\" roared The Mask. He punched them and tossed them around like it was nothing. When all the goons were down he transformed into his yellow zoot suit. \"Now to go to the apartment and save Elizabeth\" Said The Mask. He transformed into the Flash and ran as fast as he could to get to the Apartment building. At the Ipkiss residence. (AN: this is what happened while the goons were attacking the Coco Bongo) An old woman that looked like Stanley was on the couch doing some cross stitching. She was humming a tune. Then suddenly the mech armored soldiers marched into the room. The old woman screamed and tried to get into the nursery and take Elizabeth so she could get her to safety but one of the mech armor grabbed her sprayed knock out gas on her knocking her out. \"Leave her on the couch we came for the baby\" said Walter. He went to the door leading to the nursery and ripped it open. \"Come here little one uncle Walter just want to play\" he said. He dropped the door and walked inside. He approached the crib and found a huge lump in the covers. \"AHA HIDING UNDER THE COVERS IS GOING TO GET YOU NO WHERE\" said Walter as he grabbed the lump but found out it was just a teddy bear. \"Hey what the-\" said Walter he was interrupted when Elizabeth transformed into a sumo wrestler and belly flopped from the ceiling on him. Walter picked her up and threw her across the room. She landed gracefully on her feet and transformed herself into a professional boxer started hopping left and right punching the air ready to fight the large man. Walter charged and tried to grab her but she did the splits and punched him in his twinkie. Walter stopped and hunched over covering his groin with his hands uttering a high pitch whimper of pain. Elizabeth then uppercuted him and he went through the ceiling. He kicked his legs trying to break free but the ceiling collapsed on him the rubble looked like a grave completed with a tombstone. Elizabeth transformed into funeral and faked crying for his grave. Then she zoomed into the living room where the Mech soldiers were and put up a cute act. \"Awe she is so cute\" said one of the Mech soldiers. He stretched out a mechanical hand and Elizabeth Opened her mouth revealing sharp jagged teeth. She bit the mechanical hand and startled the Mech Soldier started to shake her off. \"AHHH GET HER OFF GET HER OFF ME,\" said the Mech soldier in a much panicked voice. She grabbed the Hand and removed her mouth from the hand. She spat out all the metal and wires and judo flip the mech soldier into another nearby. She then Transformed into a ninja and used her ninja swords to cut another mech soldier's legs off. Then took out some shuriken and threw them with deadly accuracy at the chest of another mech soldier which exploded on impact and sent him across the room and through the wall where he landed outside of the apartment building. Walter stumbled into the room. He saw Elizabeth beating the Mech Soldiers with ease and was going to step in when he saw the Stanley's grandma unconscious. He got an idea to defeat Elizabeth. When the Last goon was defeated Elizabeth Turned around and saw Walter. She transformed into a cowgirl and pulled out to overly large and dangerous guns from both holsters and aimed it at Walter. \"Nuh, uh, uh, you little runt\" said Walter as he pulled Stanley's grandma from behind him. \"surrender or I will crush her it will be easy as a breaking a toothpick\" he said as he positioned the woman where he can crush her using his arm\"so what will it be\". Elizabeth knew that she shouldn't give up but her grandma is in trouble. She sheathed her pistols and transformed back into a baby and raised her hands in surrender. \"Good girl now hold still\" said Walter as he reached into his pocket and pulled out a disc he tossed it at Elizabeth and she was trapped in a tractor beam. Walter let go of the woman and took the disc and walked out of the building. The Mask as the flash managed to get to the apartment with Walter walking out with Elizabeth in the tractor beam. The Mask Transformed into an Officer and took out a mega phone. \" Hold it right there mister,\" said The Mask, \"Step away from the infant\". The Mask Transformed into a swat team member and charged at the Walter he smacked him with the nightstick but it was no use. Then his face started to melt off. The mask struggled to keep his face from falling off but it was no use it kept melting. \"I heard of having a long face but this is ridiculous. Soon The mask Peeled off and He changed back into Stanley Ipkiss. \"Ah great not now\" said Stanley Walter picked him up and watched as he struggled out of the large man's grasp. Walter cracked and evil grin and knocked Stanley out with a single blow of his fist. Elizabeth was horrified at her father being hurt because of Walter, so much she began to cry. An army truck drove up and Walter got in it with Elizabeth and drove away to Dr Pretorius's laboratory.[Chapter 6] AN: Hey People :D I am sorry that this chapter took longer than expected but my English class had to shove an assignment in my face and said that I have to do it. Anyways ON WITH THE STORY. \"STANLEY STANLEY, WAKE UP, said a female voice. Stanley blinked a few times till his vision came into focus. He was outside of the apartment building and was in Peggy's arms. \"What happened Stanley, and where is our daughter. \"said Peggy with a very worried face. Stanley eyes grew wide as dinner plates with fear. He immediately got up and rushed up the stairs into their apartment. The whole place looked like a tornado stormed through there. Furniture looked like they were tossed and broken and the door to Elizabeth's nursery was ripped off the hinges, and unconscious Mech soldiers littered the place. The sight of the door there by the doorway and the unconscious Mech soldiers laying around filled his face with fear. He went into the nursery and saw that the crib was trashed and the ceiling collapsed. \"WHO WOULD DO SUCH A THING\" cried Stanley. He heard a groan from a nearby Mech Soldier and ran up to him. He grabbed him by the collar and shook him violently. \"WHERE IS MY DAUGHTER? TALK DAMMIT\" said Stanley with rage in his voice. \"Screw you\" said the soldier. Stanley gave the soldier a death glare and punched him square in the kisser. \"LOOK MHERE BUSTER MY DAUGHTER IS KIDNAPPED BY JACK DONKEYS LIKE YOU SO UNLESS YOU WANT ME TO SEND YOU ON THE EXPRESS TRAIN TO PAIN VILLE YOU BETTER START SINGING\" said Stanley. Peggy just stared at the whole situation shocked. Not only was their apartment trashed and their daughter kidnapped but she never saw Stanley with so much anger. Usually Stanley was like a walking doormat not this raging man. \"Okay okay I will tell you just don't hurt me\" said the Mech Soldier. \" I am listening\" said Stanley in a very annoyed tone. \"Walter took her to Dr Pretorius's laboratory by the abandoned power plant.\" Said the Mech Soldier. \"What does Pretorius want with my daughter\" said Stanley. \" He said he needs her for an experiment, something about draining her powers,\" said the Mech Soldier. \"LIAR! My Daughter doesn't have any powers,\" said Stanley more angrily. \"NO no it's the truth that is how my entire unit got their buts kicked she was unstoppable\" said the soldier in a very paniked voice. Stanley stared own the man. Looking for any possible signs of him lying, but coukd fine none. He released his grip on the Soldier's collar and stood up. He turned and looks at Peggy who had her hand over her mouth in worry. \"Stanley our daughter she is-\"said Peggy she stopped and broke into tears. Stanley went over to her and embraced the crying women. \" I know Peggy I know\" he said teary eyed. \"we have to drive to Dr. Pretorius's laboratory and save her Stanley\" said Peggy. \"we can't just rush into things Peggy, The Mask can't really help us right now\" said Stanley. \"But we have to do something. With or without the mask Stanley we need to save our daughter.\" Said Peggy. Stanley thought for a bit. He knew he can't rush into things. Suddenly he had a thought he knew there was one guy who could help him though it required never being the mask. \"Peggy I have an idea we are going to the police station there is a friend that will help us\" said Stanley Peggy and Stanley then rushed to the car and drove off to the police station. At the laboratory. \"Master I have obtained the girl\" said Walter as he walked into the room with Elizabeth in tow in her tractor beam prison. \"Very good Walter now go and place her in a holding cell while I prepare the extraction vessel.\" said Dr. Pretorius as he opened the drawer and took out the necronomicon. Walter obeyed and led the trapped infant into a room where there was a chair that had energy restraints. Walter carefully put Elizabeth still in her tractor beam in the chair. Then with quick timing he turned off the tractor beam prison and turned on the energy restraints. He then took a needle and jammed it on the side of Elizabeth's neck vain. Elizabeth felt dizzy and incredibly exhausted. She soon fell into a deep sleep as the sedative did its work. Walter left the room and went back to Dr Pretorius's office. He saw the vacuum in a arcane circle and Dr Pretorius was flipping through the pages of the necronomicon until he stopped on his desired page. \"Othinus omne potentissimus rex asgard, hic meam humilem placito. Potestatem mittere te rogo vafer malo purget potestati.\" Chanted Dr Pretorius. The circle glowed a bright green and then a mist started to form. \"Potestatem Othinus tolle quaeso af̱tó to stoicheío sicut vos humilis vas\" chanted Dr Pretorius. The mist disappeared into the vacuum. Dr Pretorius cracked an evil smile. \"Now what master?\" said Walter. \"Now we wait for the spell to settle in the vacuum for four hours. It needs to accept its home\" said Dr Pretorius. \"If we extract it now the spell might reject the vacuum and the spell will not work,\" Said Dr Pretorius. He placed the necronomicon on the desk. \"Now we just need to get a DNA sample, according to the book blood from the victim is the best thing,\" said Dr Pretorius. He walked out of the office and into the holding cell that Elizabeth was unconscious. \"Walter, why is the infant asleep\" said Dr Pretorius. \"Trust me master when I say it is a necessary precaution. If she was conscious she would-\"Walter was interrupted by Dr Pretorius. \"I SAID to put her into a holding cell not put her to sleep\" said Dr Pretorius in a frustrated voice. He glared at Walter and cocked a finger in his face menacingly. \"SHE needs to be awake for the thing to work. If we take her blood unconscious the blood tainted with the sedative can ruin the ritual\" said Dr Pretorius. He calmed down and then looked at the infant. \"How much dosage did you give her\" said Dr Pretorius. \"Only enough to knock her out for six hours master\" said Walter. \"Hmm I guess we can wait two more hours\" said Dr Pretorius. He walked to the door way and stopped and stood there. \"guard the infant from any unauthorized personnel we must not let anybody take her\" said Dr Pretorius and he walked out of the room with the door shutting behind him. ] At the police station. Stanley and Peggy got out of the car and went into the police station. \"are you sure he will help us Stanley? He is still ticked from The Mask's power wedgies\" said Peggy. \"Don't worry Peggy I know we had our history but I think that if I give him a trade he might help us out\" said Stanley. \"Wait you don't mean you are going to give up the mask\" said Peggy in a very surprised voice. \"Peggy I really don't want to give up being The Mask but our daughter is in danger and we need to save her even if it means not being the mask\" said Stanley. They held each others hands and walked into the station hoping that this mystery person will help them. Okay that is good for now. Sorry fort he cliff hanger but this is as much as I could come up with right now. Anyways read and review please .[Chapter 7] Lieutenant Callaway was a busy man. He had police reports to fill in and have to patrol the city with Doyle in an hour. It had been a long day of work but soon he heard a knock on the door of his office. \"Come in\" in came Stanley Ipkiss and his wife Peggy Ipkiss. They had a very worried face and Stanley was holding a manila envelope. \"What do you want Ipkiss\" Callaway said with a glare. \"Callaway we know we were never on good terms with each other but I need your help to save my daughter from Pretorius,\" said Stanley. \"in exchange I will give you the mask and I swear never to use the mask again\" Stanley took out the manila folder and pulled out a green wooden mask. Callaway snatched the mask away from Stanley's hand. He turned it over studying the green wooden mask. It felt rough to the touch and he saw on the back a green shine was illuminating from it. \"what is so special of this mask Ipkiss\" said Callaway. \"You always wanted to know how I become The Mask, this mask is the cause of it. Whoever puts it on gets the power of Loki sealed inside and Loki's crazed personality\" explained Stanley. Callaway held the front part of the mask to his face. 'this thing is what gave me wedgies and was the annoying thorn in my side all this time' thought Callaway. \"if that is true then why don't you use it and save your so called 'daughter' \" said Callaway as he dropped the mask on the table. \"If what you said is true then why do you want my help\" he continued. \"The mask hasn't been working correctly since Peggy's pregnancy. It can only work for only a short period of time before falling off,\" explained Stanley. \"That is why we need your help. You know that I ma the mask and would love to shut me down in the vigilante business for good. This is your chance to finally get rid of The Mask Callaway\" said Stanley. Callaway looked at him then the mask on the table. It was true he did want to get rid of The Mask. That same mask humiliated him in front of so many people and live public television. \"Fine Ipkiss I will help, but just make things clear after this there will be no Mask period,\" said Callaway. He got up from his desk and shoved the mask in his coat pocket Stanley they got into their cars an drove to the laboratory. At the laboratory They drove up to the side of the Laboratory and Callaway got out of his car and took out a 9mil. Beretta pistol and gave Stanley a Desert eagle. \"if you are coming with me you better arm yourself,\" said Callaway. Stanley just nodded and took the gun from Callaway. \"Peggy you stay here I don't want you to get hurt,\" said Stanley. \"But Stanley I- \" began Peggy then Callaway interrupted her. \"I have to agree with Ipkiss its best you leave this to the professionals,\" said Callaway. Peggy thought about it for a moment \"fine just be careful for me Stanley,\" She said as she placed a hand on his cheek then kissed him passionately on the lips. \"Don't worry Peggy I promise I will bring back Elizabeth and stop Pretorius. It ends today you can guarantee that from me,\" said Stanley. \"Hurry up Ipkiss if we wait any longer the less chances you might have to save your daughter,\" Said Callaway as he walked to the building. Stanley nodded and followed close behind Callaway. They went to the entrance and Stanley was about to open the door when he was stopped by Callaway. \"No to easy, they might be expecting that we have to find a different entrance\" said Callaway. \"Your right there might be traps near the entrance we have to find another way in\" said Stanley. They scanned the makeshift fortress when they noticed a sewer drain nearby down on their right. They climbed down the steep slope and headed over to the drain. Callaway pulled of the grate and they started up the drain. AN: that all folks please read and review Next chapter will be longer.[Chapter 8] Callaway was following Stanley up the drain. It was a damp, dark and cramped tunnel. \"How much further Ipkiss,\" asked Callaway as he struggled to walk through the tunnel because he was taller and wider than Stanley. \"A little further down this way then we can enter through the waste hatch. They crawled a little more till the reached an opening above them. The ladder that leads to the manhole above them was broken and was 2ft above them. Stanley. Callaway rolled his eyes \"HEY IPKISS, WHATS THE HOLD UP?\" yelled Callaway. \"uh I am little bit stuck here\" said Stanley \" Could you please help me up?\". Callaway grumbled and grabbed the ankles of the smaller man and pushed him up through the hole. Once Stanley was through he looked around. The place seemed to be a waste disposal room with a crane to lift and dump dumpsters into a huge dumpster to his left. The place had five huge dumpsters filled with garbage. There was a stair case tha lead to a terminal. 'maybe we can get a map or something from that terminal' Thoguh Stanley. \"HEY IPKISSS QUIT SIGHTSEEING AND HELP ME UP\" yelled Callaway. \"oh sorry\" Stanley apologized. He crouched down and reached into the hole and helped Callaway up. \"okay Ipkiss where can we go from here\" said Callaway. \"I suggest we go upstairs to that terminal it might have a map or something that can help us\" suggested Stanley. \"fine but I take point\" said Callaway. He walked up the stairs careful not to make so much noise and opened the door by a sliver to see if there were any guards. There was one by the terminal asleep and another reading a comic about The Mask. There was an alarm across the room and a fire extinguisher three feet away from the door. Callaway plotted a plan in his head and then opened the door a little more, and sneaked to the fire extinguisher. He carefully and quietly took the fire extinguisher off the wall and walked up to the one reading and smacked him on the back of the head hard and the guard's head slammed on the Keyboard that it made a thump sound. \"wha… who are you?\" said the one that was asleep drowsily. Before the guard could do anything his head dropped on the keyboard out cold. Behind him was Stanley holding the barrel of his Desert Eagle. \"That was close\" said Stanley. Callaway nodded and put the fire extinguisher down and opened up the terminal. The screen was locked with a password. \"Darn it he locked it. How are we suppose to access it if we don't have the frigging password\" said Callaway in a frustrated tone. \"Maybe I can help I know Pretorius longer than you and I have some skill with computers\" said Stanley. \"Fine\" said Callaway and he stepped out of the way. \"How about you guard me while I work the terminal\" said Stanley Callaway nodded and positioned himself by the doorway with his Beretta. Stanley stared at the screen thinking. What could be the password? Knowing Pretorius it has to do something with the mask or something scientific. Only one phrase popped into his head that could be the password. Stanley got his hands on the keyboard and typed in M45k42. It worked and the terminal opened. \"Yes I got it opened\" said Stanley. \"that's great now how about we look at whats on there\" said Callaway. They searched around when they noticed a map file showing a 3 dimensional map of the place and an announcement that mentioned about a prisoner in the 3rd floor laboratory. \" There I think they are holding her in the 3rd floor laboratory. The stairwell is just a few corridors over\" said Stanley. \"then what are we waiting for Ipkiss? We have to go now\" said Callaway. They peeked through a door on their left and walked into the corridor. Stanlel tightly gripped his desert eagle. He was worried about his daughter and wanted to be prepared to shoot the first guard that will cause trouble. It was thing if Pretorius wanted to kidnap him but his daughter he went to far. Callaway signaled him to follow. Stanley nodded and readied the weapon and walked behind Callaway. He noticed something on the ceiling and stopped to observe it. \"Hey Ipkiss why are you standing there? Your daughter might be dead already if we don't keep moving,\" said Callaway with an annoyed face. Stanley just ignored him, he know something is up. The thing looked like a robot arm with three fingers holding what looked like an eye. He then realized what it was and pushed Callaway out of the way as a laser blast striked where they were. \"Hey what the holy mother of fudge was that?\" said Callaway surprised. \"Look out!\" Cried Stanley. The Eye Cannon fired again; luckily they were able to dodge it. Stanley aimed his Desert Eagle and shot it in the iris. The machine had first a electrical pulse then exploded. \"We better hurry he knows we are here,\" said Stanley. They ran down the corridor and reached the entrance into the stair well. When they opened the door there were ten goons armed with laser rifles. Stanley immediately Fired took out two goons with his Desert Eagle. Then took cover behind the doorway. The Goons rained laser fire on where Stanley and Callaway's cover. Callaway fired his Beretta and took out a goon with a shot to the chest. Then he quickly got behind the cover behind the doorway. \"We need to get out of this Ipkiss so I am open to ideas\" said Callaway. Stanley looked around and saw that there was a fuse box nearby. If he hit it he could turn off the power of this section and the lights. Stanley aimed his desert Eagle and shot the fuse box. With an electrical pulse it shut off the power and the lights for the area. Stanley rushed up to a dead goon and took his visor thus allowing him to see in the dark and took out the rest of the goons. \"Good work Ipkiss but now how are we going to see where we are going?\" Said Callaway sarcastically. \"Here use this visor from this goon\" said Stanley as he picked up a pair of visors and gave them to Callaway. Callaway took the visors and put them on and they continued up the stairs. When they got to the 3rd Floor they peeked through the door to make sure the close was clear and headed down to the laboratory room.[Chapter 9] Stanley and Callaway approached the door cautiously and opened it. There in the center of the room was a silhouette of a baby in a chair. \"There she is\" said Stanley as he ran to his daughter. \"Good, now let's take her and go\" said Callaway as he stood by the doorway with his Beretta making sure in case if there were any goons that would barge in. Stanley nodded in reply and turned the chair around. \"Come on Elizabeth lets go home\" said Stanley after he turned the chair around. There was Elizabeth asleep in her restraints. He reached for the button to switch off the restraints when suddenly a gunshot was heard and a loud thump behind him. He turned around to see Walter and a knocked out Callaway. \"Hello Ipkiss\" said Walter with a crooked evil smile. \"Ready for round two?\" said Walter while he walked menacingly towards Stanley. \"Get back you pathetic Franken wanabe\" said Stanley as he aimed the gun at Walter with a shaky hand. Walter rolled his eyes and grabbed Stanley's arm and threw him across the room. Stanley landed on some barrels and crates with a loud crash. He slowly got up, placing a hand on his forehead and let out a groan of pain. Walter then picked up a barrel and tossed it at Stanley. Stanley quickly shook of the dizziness and pain then dodged the on coming barrel. 'I need to defeat him but how? I don't have the Mask or maybe… its..' Stanley then realized that Callaway has the mask in his coat and maybe just maybe he might be able to use it against Walter if it works. Problem was though Callaway's unconscious body was across the room and near Walter. 'But I have to get Walter away from Callaway. \"What is the matter Ipkiss? You suddenly realize you are weak?\" taunted Walter. Stanley just kept a stone like poker face. \"No I just realized that a strong guy like you is such a pet\" said Stanley. \"WHAT!? YOU TAKE THAT BACK! I AM NOBODY\"S DOG! I AM A HUMBLE ASSISTANT FOR DR PRETORIUS!\" Bellowed Walter in an angry tone, his pale face twisted into a menacing scrawl and he charged after Stanley. Stanley waited Till walter was five feet away then dodged out of the way as Walter's fist collided through the wall. Walter tugged and pulled his arm trying to get free. Stanley then bolted across the room towards Callaway's unconscious body. \"GET BACK HERE IPKISS YOU COWARD,\"yelled Walter, he then with about half of his inhuman strength ripped his entire arm free from the wall and charged at Stanley. Thinking fast he frantically searched for the mask on Callaway's body. He then spotted the manilla envelope that contained the mask and opened it. He stuck his hand in the envelope quickly took it out. \"YES\" said Stanley. As he was about to place the mask on his face he was grabbed from behind. In surprise The mask was thrown up into the air. \"NAH AH AH Ipkiss that would be to easy\" said walter. \"Argh what happened\" said Callaway as he was coming to. Then the mask dropped onto Callaway's face and the mask fused into his skin. Then he spun around in a green Tornado and stopped. Callaway had a green head and his hair was tinted a dark green. He had a black leather jacket, a white t-shirt plaid yellow pant and orange and white sneakers. He then made a crooked grin and let out a terrifying laugh. \"Well aint this pretty sight? he said in a creepy voice. \"Two little children fighting each other. Tsk Tsk Tsk, do we have to separate you to?\" He then pulled out a crowbar and pried Walter off of Stanley and threw him five feet away from him. He then turned into an old school teacher and said \"You need a time out young man\" said the Mask. Then he grabbed him and dragged him to where Elizabeth was. He then shot off the restraints and laid Elizabeth on the floor gently. \"Just wait right there sweetie unckie mask has to borrow your chair\" he then slammed Walter into the chair and switched on the restraints. Then put a virtually indestructible cage around it. Walter tried to break free. He twisted and pulled on the restraints while letting out some grunts. But he each time he tried he failed. \"LET ME GO YOU FREAK!\" yelled Walter. \"Not until you have an attitude adjustment young man\" said The Mask. Stanley got up and ran to where Elizabeth was. He checked her over looking for wounds and bruises. When he concluded that she had none he picked her up and cradled her in his arms. \"thanks LT Callaway, I will repay the favor once we are out of here.\" Said Stanley with a grateful and relieved smile as he looked at The Mask/Callaway. \"Don't thank me yet Ipkiss, You still need to pay for all those wedgies\" said The Mask and he grabbed Stanley's underwear and gave him an atomic wedgie. \"That'll teach you not to give an officer of the law an Atomic wedgie\" said The Mask. Then his face turned brown and started to melt off of Callaway's face. Then after some lightning and green tornado he turned back into Callaway. The mask fell between Callaway's feet. He picked it up and looked at it. \"At least this thing melted off after we got rid of Walter and rescued the girl.\" Stanley was struggling with his under wear with one hand and holding Elizabeth with the other. Callaway rolled his eyes and took the baby from Stanley after he put the mask in his coat pocket. Then he flipped Stanley's underwear over his head. Then Stanley tucked the underwear into his pants quickly before Callaway carefully handed Stanley Elizabeth. \"Thanks, I guess I sort of ..um.. deserved that\" said Stanley with a sheepish smile. \"Lets just go before Doctor Pretorius finds out that we got the baby,\" Said Callaway as he picked up both guns and peeked through the door then gave a signal and they left the room.[Chapter 10] AT PRETORIUS'S OFFICE. Dr Pretorius looked at his monitor. It was hooked up to every security camera in the building. He was watching how Stanley and Callaway gotten inside and how they dodged and got passed security. When Stanley turned of the power he didn't know that the cameras had their own power source. They also have night vision so he could see what happening even though the lights were off. He zoomed into where the laboratory that was keeping Elizabeth imprisoned. He watched how Stanley got Walter to go across the room and how the mask got onto Callaway's face. He also saw how Callaway as the Mask managed to defeat Walter and unrestrained the girl. He slammed his fist on the desk narrowly missing his keyboard. \"That USLESS GOON! HE couldn't handle one measly cop and a scrawny normal human being? PATHETIC!\" He bellowed. He then moved his mouse to the minimize button on the window and then clicked on another window. It was a programming window. He clicked on the text box and typed in: 99834-234924-6654367. He tapped the enter button and the floor four feet away in front of him opened up. Out came a glass tube with a fifteen foot tall mech that looked like a Greek soldier. \"If you want to do something right you have to do it yourself\" He muttered angrily. The chest of the mech opened up and he rolled up his shirt revealing a red button and he pressed it releasing his head of his own body picked it up and placed it in the robot's chest. \"This mech will take care of them and if they think about putting on that mask I have something special for them…\" he said. The robot's chest closed, sealing Pretorius's head within it. \"Now let's have some fun MWAHAHAHAHAHAHA\" said Pretorius. The Mech ran down the hallway on a search and destroy mission. With Stanley and Callaway… Stanley was clutching his daughter for dear life as he and Callaway Ran down the hallway. They had to get out of here as soon as possible, because they knew if they lingered any longer Pretorius might have a \"special\" surprise they might not like. \"have any idea which way is out Ipkiss?\" said Callaway between breaths. They did not know how long they have been running but it felt like hours and their legs screamed for a break. \"I remember that there is a loading dock in the back, maybe we can hitch a ride form there,\" said Stanley panting. \"Right and what exactly will hitch on? My car is in the front of the building and we all know we won't make it to the front in time because of everyone and their grandma shooting at us\" said Callaway. 'Darn he is right those goons could be there guns ablaze. Hey wait maybe there is a way to bring the car to them…' thought Stanley. \"How about I call Peggy? She might drive the car there and then we can escape,\" said Stanley. He felt nervous at the thought. In fact he wanted Peggy to have no part of this. He didn't want to risk losing her, but I guess they have no choice unless Callaway knows how to hotwire a car. \"Are you sure you want to go with that? Putting your wife in danger, Ipkiss?\" questioned Callaway. As much as Stanley hated it he had no choice they have to get out of here with Elizabeth alive. \"Yes I am sure, however there is just one problem,\" said Stanley with a pause. \"And that would be what Ipkiss?\" said Callaway as he raised an eyebrow. \"Uh I don't have a cell phone with me hehe,\" said Stanley sheepishly with a smile. They stopped and Callaway groaned in annoyance. \"Fine you can use mine\" said Callaway. He sheaved the Beretta in his right holster and fished out his cell phone from his pocket. He gave the phone to Stanley who took it, and held it in his left hand and Elizabeth with the other. He dialed Peggy's number and held it to his ear and waited anxiously for Peggy to pick up. 'Come on Peggy pick up pick up' thought Stanley. After what seemed like hours the sound of a click could be heard and Peggy's voice could be heard. \"Hello? Stanley, LT Callaway? Is that you?\" asked Peggy anxiously. Stanley can hear and feel the fear in her voice. \"Hey Peggy it's me Stanley, Said Stanley. \"Oh my gosh are you and Callaway okay is Elizabeth Okay?\" said Peggy frantically. \"Oh if he hurt her in any way shape or form I am going to put his head on a spike and stick it on the front yard\" said Peggy angrily and with a snarl. Stanley knew all to well what would happen if Peggy was mad. It was a miracle that he survived her mood swings when she was pregnant. \"Now Peggy please calm down, me, Elizabeth and Callaway are all okay. We just need you to drive to the back of the building to the loading dock. We will meet you there,\" said Stanley. After that he heard Peggy sigh in relief. \"Oh thank Goodness\" she took a moment to pause with relief. \"Alright I will be there right away… good luck … I love you,\" said Peggy. \"Awe I love you too Peggy, good luck to you to.\" With that he hung up and handed Callaway his phone back. \"Now the mushy stuff is over lets go\" Said Callaway as he took the phone and shoved it down his pocket and un-sheaved the Beretta and they were about to run down the hall when suddenly an explosion happened ten feet behind them. From the power of the explosion they fell down on the floor face forward startled. The air was hard to breathe from dusty ahs air so they coughed and gagged. Then when the smoke cleared a fourteen tall robot was standing not so far away from them. \"Hello Mr. Ip-kiss,\" said a familiar voice from the robot.[Chapter 11] Hey peeps :D I decided to do a style change for my fanfics and see how it turns out. If you like this say so in the reviews.! Also I am sorry, for the lack of updates. I had been busy with school. (CURSE YOU HSPE EXAMS!) So without further ado…. ON WITH THE STORY! Daughter of the mask chapter 11 \"Oh no not you,\" said Stanley as he looked at the robot. \"Oh but it is Mr. Ip-kiss, now I don't want much trouble. I just want the girl,\" said Pretorius. \"Look I don't know what you want with her but I know one thing you are not going to take her,\" said Stanley as he held onto his daughter tighter and stood up in a threatening stance. \"Oh but is that so \"said Pretorius, \"then I guess we could just play a game of cat and mouse,\" said Pretorius. The robot lifted up an arm and aimed it at Stanley and the spear sparked with energy and thrust it towards Stanley. Stanley was grabbed out of the way by Callaway. They sprinted down the hallway while Pretorius followed. Callaway started to fire his gun at the robot but Pretorius raised his shield and blocked the shots. \"Nice try,\" said Dr Pretorius. He fired a blast of energy at Stanley and Callaway, They quickly both dodged the blast, which left a smoking and scorched hole in he floor where they were once standing, and continued to run. The whole place was like a maze with twist and turns at every corner. \"Ipkiss, shield yourself and your daughter!\" Yelled Callaway then he shot at a pipe causing hot steam to blow and blind the robot's visor then ducked and covered himself with his overcoat. When the pipe started to let out a loud and high pitched hiss, Stanley quickly covered him and Elizabeth with his jacket making sure that neither of them were burned from the steam. He felt a hand over his mouth and another grabbing his shoulder. He and Elizabeth were pulled quickly into another dark room. He let out a muffled yelp and heard a familiar whispered voice. \"Keep it down Ipkiss or he will hear us\" . He recognized the voice to be Callaway. He felt the hand removed from his mouth and he peered through the darkness He could make out a few things a few containers and wires but that's it. \"Lets see if we could find a light switch\" whispered Stanley as he felt for a switch. When he felt a bump and flicked it down the lights came on. Stanley was stunned at what he saw. There were thousands of fleshy pods all over the room. Each pod was translucent and he could see bodies through them. They seemed human but he wasn't exactly sure. \"What in Great Scott's name is this?\" said Callaway as he approached a pod. \"I don't know, but I rather not touch it\" said Stanley. \"What I think Pretorius is doing is growing artificial humans,\" he said as he examined a pod. \"Artificial humans, how can that be? Cloning is nothing but science fiction!\" Said Callaway, as he turned to Stanley, he had a confused look on his face. \"On the contrary I saw many weird things as the mask. So I pretty much would believe anything, but what I don't know is why would this have anything to do with Elizabeth? She is just a normal baby girl\" Said Stanley said he put his hand to his chin. Why would Pretorius want Elizabeth so badly? His thinking was interrupted as he heard an explosion from behind and with quick thinking he hid behind a pod and crouched down. Callaway seemed to have the same idea and hid behind one too. \"Miiiissssteerr Iiiiipp-kiiiiiss, where aaarre yoooouuu\" said Pretorius he started searching the place. Stanley was slightly sweating from the terror that built up in him. He looked to see Callaway who put a finger to his lips signaling him to be quiet. They heard the loud thumping of Dr Pretorius's footsteps as he got closer. Just then Elizabeth awakened from her sleep and she looked confused as she saw her father and her new surroundings. \"sshh, please be quiet daddy is here to save you, \" he said quietly to the baby girl. She looked a little worried then she had her eyes widen in fear when she noticed that Pretorius was right behind him! Pretorius pressed another button charging up the laser to blast Stanley. With quick thinking she jumped out of Stanley's arms and transformed into a jedi and used her green light saber and deflected the laser back at Pretorius sending him flying. \"Elizabeth?\" said Stanley puzzled and confused, as he looked at his daughter with concern. \"I told you Mr Ip-kiss, I know that your daughter is quite extraordinary\" said Dr., Pretorius ","Summary":" AN: Hey People: D this is one of my first fanfic EVAH so please go easy on me with the flames anywa"},{"Movie":"Center Stage","Title":"Center Stage","Author":"FranziskaBlue","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9323791","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Another end to: Center Stage The cold New York fall winds are blowing into the ballet studio. Jodie is still sitting on the wooden floors of her training room, wearing her pink jersey, white ballet shoes and a black jumper on top. She cries holding a letter in her hand Dear Jodie, I am so sorry for what I have to say you, I am a coward for not saying it in person but there is no other way to tell you: it's over. After the audition, the moment you decided that you rather dance for Cooper than for the ABA I knew it but I wanted to give it a try because we liked each other, we really liked each other and I thought you were special. I guess things have changed. Jodie, you and I want different things and the ABA is not the Cooper Nielsson Dance Company. I am aiming for perfection and I am willing to be in the corps for a few years whereas you are just there for the applause and fame, the glory and not the essence of ballet. That is not me and what I stand for as a ballet dancer. Goodbye, Charlie Tears are rolling down her face and time seems to stand still for Jodie. She starts talking to herself, she is frustrated and cannot believe what she is just read. Jodie: Idiot, who do you think you are? Only because you said yes to Jonathan and to a company where you are just one of many dancers you tell me that I am not good enough? Here I am dancing leads and I am good, people love me on stage and don't you dare saying that I am just there for the fame and glory. You are doing the same but maybe I am Jodie continues crying when Cooper who forgot his keys steps into the room and sees her nearly lying flat on the floor crying her heart out. Cooper: Hey Prima Ballerina, what's up? Jodie: Nothing, nothing, I am just mad and sad and I don't know what Jodie's stands up and wants to flee the room in order to avoid talking to Cooper. She isn't in the mood for any of his monologues or that he knew Charlie wasn't for her. Cooper: Hey, hey, not that fast. Did you cry? Jodie in an ironic tone: No, no I didn't cry I am just exhausted boss. Cooper: Oh come, I can see it, you cried your heart out, and that is not because you are exhausted it is something different, it's all over your face. What happened? Is Jonathan trying to lure you away from me? Did he make you some kind of irresistible offer and now you don't know how to tell me? Hey what s wrong my Prima Ballerina? Jodie: Its not Jonathan, this idiot Charlie, he, he wrote to me this Jodie is throwing the letter in Cooper's direction Jodie: Go on, read it, he thinks I am only dancing for you because I want to be famous. The ABA would have been better for me because I would have perfected my moves and that now my career is over, me dancing with you would be incompatible, destroy his career and Jonathan would only take me back if I beg, oh Cooper. I am Cooper sits down next to her and takes her into his arms Cooper: Hey, Jodie you are my prima ballerina, I chose you because you aren't the classical dancer that is aiming for perfection, I wanted somebody special and you are special. You are amazing and this guy is an idiot not to see that. Jodie isn't listening and starts going on further Jodie: I am the one going for glory not for perfection, I have to learn more but that I wanted to have fame and not later, I don't want to wave roses in the back I couldn't wait but he, he, he thinks Cooper: Hey, hey you are not listening to me, I would dump him for saying something like this immediately. Jodie you are so much more he is, why don't you see that? Jodie: Well he dumped me, so satisfied? He dumped me in a letter, he didn't text or call or left a message he wrote me a letter so that I can read it over and over again and that it wont stop hurting. Cooper tries to calm her down holding her in his arms Cooper: Jodie, calm down, he is an idiot just like Jonathan and all the others. Jodie gets up and paces across the room Jodie: I can't calm down, I am angry and I am frustrated and I don't know why you chose me because I am not perfect, Anna, she was perfect or even Maureen and Eva but I am just an ugly duckling. Cooper: Jodie, hey I want you to stop it, come on lets go. Jodie: I can't, let me go, let me, I am quitting, I have to and I am going to beg Charlie for forgiveness and maybe Jonathan wants me because people start to know me, maybe I have a chance and I have to leave you and if I am a good maybe they will take me even if I am not perfect. Jodie wants to leave and goes for the door Cooper stops her looking at her he say: Don't you dare doing that, Jodie. Do not turn this door knob. Jodie: What are you doing? Are you crazy you are breaking my arm! Cooper: Look into that damn mirror, now! I cant believe this. A guy, is destroying my prima ballerina, I am getting really Jodie: No, I won't in the mirror, I look horrible, I can't face myself. Cooper: Look into the mirror Jodie! Jodie: I Cooper: Please, do it for me one last time, I ll let you go but please look in the mirror, what are you seeing? Jodie: I am seeing me, exhausted, in tears, untalented, wrong feet, sweaty and horrible hair. That s all you wanted to hear now let me go, dam it Cooper. Cooper: Look again, look deeper, look at you. What are you? Jodie: Cooper, let me go, let me leave, I don't like your games! Come on you promised. Cooper: I am not letting you go and this is not a game, you are a member of my company and training isn't over yet! Jodie: Since when? You Cooper: Since now, look in the mirror. What do I see? Jodie becomes annoyed Jodie: WHAT? Cooper: I see a wonderful blonde woman, a talented dancer that gets the people's attention with one look, I see a strong woman that I let got one day which I will never forgive myself for and I see a ballerina that will catch the attention of a film producer sooner or later... Jodie looks at him: You are joking! You just don't want me to quit! You are out of your mind Cooper! Cooper: I am not joking; the reason why Jonathan didn't want you at first was, not to piss of his wife because you could be the one, the new star of his company, he could not risk that. You are not your average nice looking ballerina, you are special, a special woman why did you think I choose you and now come on we have to go! Jodie: Where are we going, don't, let me go, please Cooper, I have to think, I want to be alone in my apartment, I want to sleep and watch a movie and I want ice cream and I think a drink, I might call my mom and go back to Chicago! Cooper: Forget it, you are coming with me but first Cooper drags her to the changing rooms Cooper: Get dressed; I have to tell you something. I thought well it wouldn't be necessary but now I think its payback time, we will do something to the ABA they will never forget. You have 20 minutes to get changed; otherwise I am dragging you out of the shower. You know better that I don't make empty threats. Jodie: I, Cooper Cooper pushes her into one of the shower cubicles and turns on the water Jodie: Cooper are you insane? Hey that is cold and hey Cooper smiling: Get of your clothes, shower and come back. It will be great, get changed or I ll help you do it and scrub your right here, I don't think you will be happy when I do that, so get yourself together I have plan! Cooper leaves, Jodie gets out of her wet clothes and showers. With every drop of hot water she gets her confidence back, her muscles relax and she feels better by the minute. After 20 minutes with slightly wet hair she meets Cooper in the reception area. Cooper: There you are, you look great! Look in the mirror that's my girl! Jodie: I feel better already and maybe you are right, where are we going? Cooper: We are going to my favorite Italian restaurant, ok? Jodie: Ok, but what are we doing there? I mean, I shouldn't eat Cooper: Another end to: Center Stage The cold New York fall winds are blowing into the ballet studio. Jodie is still sitting on the wooden floors of her training room, wearing her pink jersey, white ballet shoes and a black jumper on top. She cries holding a letter in her hand Dear Jodie, I am so sorry for what I have to say you, I am a coward for not saying it in person but there is no other way to tell you: it's over. After the audition, the moment you decided that you rather dance for Cooper than for the ABA I knew it but I wanted to give it a try because we liked each other, we really liked each other and I thought you were special. I guess things have changed. Jodie, you and I want different things and the ABA is not the Cooper Nielsson Dance Company. I am aiming for perfection and I am willing to be in the corps for a few years whereas you are just there for the applause and fame, the glory and not the essence of ballet. That is not me and what I stand for as a ballet dancer. Goodbye, Charlie Tears are rolling down her face and time seems to stand still for Jodie. She starts talking to herself, she is frustrated and cannot believe what she is just read. Jodie: Idiot, who do you think you are? Only because you said yes to Jonathan and to a company where you are just one of many dancers you tell me that I am not good enough? Here I am dancing leads and I am good, people love me on stage and don't you dare saying that I am just there for the fame and glory. You are doing the same but maybe I am Jodie continues crying when Cooper who forgot his keys steps into the room and sees her nearly lying flat on the floor crying her heart out. Cooper: Hey prima ballerina, what's up? Jodie: Nothing, nothing, I am just mad and sad and I don't know what Jodie's stands up and wants to flee the room in order to avoid talking to Cooper. She isn't in the mood for any of his monologues or that he knew Charlie wasn't for her. Cooper: Hey, hey, not that fast. Did you cry? Jodie in an ironic tone: No, no I didn't cry I am just exhausted boss. Cooper: Oh come, I can see it, you cried your heart out, and that is not because you are exhausted it is something different, it's all over your face. What happened? Is Jonathan trying to lure you away from me? Did he make you some kind of irresistible offer and now you don't know how to tell me? Hey what s wrong my prima ballerina? Jodie: Its not Jonathan, this idiot Charlie, he, he wrote to me this Jodie is throwing the letter in Cooper's direction Jodie: Go on, read it, he thinks I am only dancing for you because I want to be famous. The ABA would have been better for me because I would have perfected my moves and that now my career is over, me dancing with you would be incompatible, destroy his career and Jonathan would only take me back if I beg, oh Cooper. I am Cooper sits down next to her and takes her into his arms Cooper: Hey, Jodie you are my Prima Ballerina, I chose you because you aren't the classical dancer that is aiming for perfection, I wanted somebody special and you are special. You are amazing and this guy is an idiot not to see that. Jodie isn't listening and starts going on further Jodie: I am the one going for glory not for perfection, I have to learn more but that I wanted to have fame and not later, I don't want to wave roses in the back I couldn't wait but he, he, he thinks Cooper: Hey, hey you are not listening to me, I would dump him for saying something like this immediately. Jodie you are so much more he is, why don't you see that? Jodie: Well he dumped me, so satisfied? He dumped me in a letter, he didn't text or call or left a message he wrote me a letter so that I can read it over and over again and that it wont stop hurting. Cooper tries to calm her down holding her in his arms Cooper: Jodie, calm down, he is an idiot just like Jonathan and all the others. Jodie gets up and paces across the room Jodie: I can't calm down, I am angry and I am frustrated and I don't know why you chose me because I am not perfect, Anna, she was perfect or even Maureen and Eva but I am just an ugly duckling. Cooper: Jodie, hey I want you to stop it, come on lets go. Jodie: I can't, let me go, let me, I am quitting, I have to and I am going to beg Charlie for forgiveness and maybe Jonathan wants me because people start to know me, maybe I have a chance and I have to leave you and if I am a good maybe they will take me even if I am not perfect. Jodie wants to leave and goes for the door Cooper stops her looking at her he say: Don't you dare doing that, Jodie. Do not turn this door knob. Jodie: What are you doing? Are you crazy you are breaking my arm! Cooper: Look into that damn mirror, now! I cant believe this. A guy, is destroying my Prima Ballerina, I am getting really Jodie: No, I won't in the mirror, I look horrible, I can't face myself. Cooper: Look into the mirror Jodie! Jodie: I Cooper: Please, do it for me one last time, I ll let you go but please look in the mirror, what are you seeing? Jodie: I am seeing me, exhausted, in tears, untalented, wrong feet, sweaty and horrible hair. That s all you wanted to hear now let me go, dam it Cooper. Cooper: Look again, look deeper, look at you. What are you? Jodie: Cooper, let me go, let me leave, I don't like your games! Come on you promised. Cooper: I am not letting you go and this is not a game, you are a member of my company and training isn't over yet! Jodie: Since when? You Cooper: Since now, look in the mirror. What do I see? Jodie becomes annoyed Jodie: WHAT? Cooper: I see a wonderful blonde woman, a talented dancer that gets the people's attention with one look, I see a strong woman that I let got one day which I will never forgive myself for and I see a ballerina that will catch the attention of a film producer sooner or later... Jodie looks at him: You are joking! You just don't want me to quit! You are out of your mind Cooper! Cooper: I am not joking; the reason why Jonathan didn't want you at first was, not to piss of his wife because you could be the one, the new star of his company, he could not risk that. You are not your average nice looking ballerina, you are special, a special woman why did you think I choose you and now come on we have to go! Jodie: Where are we going, don't, let me go, please Cooper, I have to think, I want to be alone in my apartment, I want to sleep and watch a movie and I want ice cream and I think a drink, I might call my mom and go back to Chicago! Cooper: Forget it, you are coming with me but first Cooper drags her to the changing rooms Cooper: Get dressed; I have to tell you something. I thought well it wouldn't be necessary but now I think its payback time, we will do something to the ABA they will never forget. You have 20 minutes to get changed; otherwise I am dragging you out of the shower. You know better that I don't make empty threats. Jodie: I, Cooper Cooper pushes her into one of the shower cubicles and turns on the water Jodie: Cooper are you insane? Hey that is cold and hey Cooper smiling: Get of your clothes, shower and come back. It will be great, get changed or I ll help you do it and scrub your right here, I don't think you will be happy when I do that, so get yourself together I have plan! Cooper leaves, Jodie gets out of her wet clothes and showers. With every drop of hot water she gets her confidence back, her muscles relax and she feels better by the minute. After 20 minutes with slightly wet hair she meets Cooper in the reception area. Cooper: There you are, you look great! Look in the mirror that's my girl! Jodie: I feel better already and maybe you are right, where are we going? Cooper: We are going to my favorite Italian restaurant, ok? Jodie: Ok, but what are we doing there? I mean, I shouldn't eat Cooper: You need to eat and you know what happened to Maureen, you are a dancer and you need to eat calories. Don't you like Pasta? You can order something different but Jodie: I love Pasta and wine and a huge salad and chocolate pudding, tiramisu sounds good but that Cooper: See and that's exactly what we are doing and I know the perfect restaurant for that The two are going out to Cooper's motorcycle and he hands her a second helmet Cooper: Come on, hop on Jodie: This is so Cooper: I grew up, come on. You are my Prima Ballerina, I would never do something stupid, here put your helmet on, you ll survive a little ride with your director, remember I am your boss now. 10 minutes later at a little Italian restaurant in Chelsea Cooper: And do you like it? Jodie: It's wonderful, calm, romantic and traditional. Cooper: I knew it! It's my favorite and Mario is the best! Cooper steels some food from her plate Jodie: Hey! Cooper grins: Your pasta is even better than mine and how do you feel? Jodie: Better, much better. I am glad you dragged me out. Cooper: See, I know what s best for you and I have to tell you something. Jodie: What? Cooper: There will be an evening where leading dance companies compete against each other. Jodie: Really? And we are participating? I wasn't aware of that. Cooper: Yes and normally the ABA wins it all but this time well I thought we might make life of a few companies a bit more difficult, I think we can do it; we did it once we can do it again! I know it was just a workshop but people loved it and because this will be a big thing I hired more people, and Sergey comes through the doors and joins them Sergey: Hey guys, good to see you again! Cooper: See, a Russian, that's a good start isn't it? Jodie smiling all over her face, hugging her friend Jodie: Sergey oh it's so good to see you! Why are you here? Cooper, did you text him? What did you do? Why didn't you tell me he was coming? You know... oh Sergey Sergey: Well San Francisco wasn't what I expected and I missed New York so much and Cooper Jodie: She left you, didn't she? That is why Sergey: Not really, well I wanted to go back, she wanted to stay and certain things changed in our relationship and Jodie starts crying again and Sergey holds her in his arms with a nod from Cooper Sergey: I am here little ballerina, Sergey is here, hey don't cry. Jodie: I am so... Sergey: Shshhs, I am here and you look wonderful. Here dry you tears and listen to Cooper and me, the boss has a plan. He might be an idiot but he is a great choreographer and dancer you of all people know that. Cooper: I thought Sergey could crush on your couch and as we need a new leading man. Its my intention to burn the ABA and as I am the director, hey I can't dance in my own ballet so I needed a guy who is able to do that what I can do and your ex might be good but Sergey is what we need to get the audience attention. Sergey Yes and before we continue, waiter can we have some more wine please or even something harder like Jodie: Sergey, drinking, we have to train tomorrow and Sergey: Hey I am Russian, this is like water to me! Jodie starts to smile softly Cooper: Mario, we need another bottle of the 1977 Chianti. Mario: Pronto Signor Cooper! Cooper: Mille Grazie! Sergey: Cheers everybody! Cooper takes a sip and closes his eyes for a moment Cooper: Very good year and now I am going tell you my plan. Sergey: Yes, I mean what is your plan? You just told me you had a plan. Jodie: Wait, you don't know what's going on and came just without knowing? Sergey: Yes because I missed a good old bagel with real fish and a hot dog, the smell, the ice and my Russian friends over in Brooklyn, the Cooper: You know Sergey has some connections to the Kirov Ballet and the St. Petersburg Ballet Company and we might get a dancer or two from them as well as what I am thinking of doing will be something new, something they don't expect from a ballet company. We will take today's news and turn it into a ballet; we will take old music, old stories and convert them. On stage you will see not only motorcycles but smoke and cars, beds, we will have the guys from Stomp it will be a big stage like The West Side Story. Jodie: Sounds great but we are a ballet company. Cooper: I know and as with every great ballet you have the lead, either myself or somebody else is telling the story and you dance it, dance what you feel and at the end like with every ballet we have a happy ending. The competition is in 11 weeks; every company performs a different play at one night. A jury and the audience get to decide the winner and they will love us, trust me! Sergey: Oh they definitely will, because we have you and not some stuffy ballet director like the big bad Jonathan who knows everything and we all know nothing. Cooper: Thanks man that was nice of you to say, we are going to make Kathleen and Jonathan and all the other guys at the ABA cry. Jodie takes Coppers hand and looks at him with her big blue eyes Jodie: Promise me that it's not some kind of revenge thing because of your ex and because you still want her back or you want to hurt Charlie because of me. Promise me that this is strictly professional and its nothing Cooper: It's \"a I am better and they way you do it is old fashion\" thing. I believe in the stuff we do what I am doing, that's why I want to win this contest, that's why I want the public to love us and not because I want to destroy them. Sergey: But hurting their egos would be nice for a change, I mean even if I danced in Jonathan ballet I saw that yours was better so kicking their ass and letting them suffer in totally professional way would be ok for me! Cooper: Of course! Jodie laughs Sergey: See I knew you would be able to do. That is the girl I love. Sergey hugs her then he excuses himself and promises to be at the next training session. He leaves with keys to Jodie's apartment. Cooper whispering: Are you coming with me? Please I don't want you to be alone tonight. Jodie: I am not Cooper: Just the sofa, I will sleep on the sofa! Jodie whispers: With you it's never the sofa! Cooper: I told you, I changed I want to make a new start not because of me but because we both want it. I am sorry that I took so long to accept that, so come with me and sleep for sleeps sake, ok? Jodie smiles: Ok, but you have to promise me to sleep on the couch. Cooper:I will the whole night if you want that as well! At Coopers apartment Jodie: Can you hold me in your arms until I have fallen asleep and then put your body on the couch? Cooper: Of course, I am here nothing will ever happen to you my sweet little prima ballerina, my princess ok?! You need to eat and you know what happened to Maureen, you are a dancer and you need to eat calories. Don't you like Pasta? You can order something different but Jodie: I love Pasta and wine and a huge salad and chocolate pudding, tiramisu sounds good but that Cooper: See and that's exactly what we are doing and I know the perfect restaurant for that The two are going out to Cooper's motorcycle and he hands her a second helmet Cooper: Come on, hop on Jodie: This is so Cooper: I grew up, come on. You are my prima ballerina, I would never do something stupid, here put your helmet on, you ll survive a little ride with your director, remember I am your boss now.[Chapter 2] The next morning Cooper: And how is my prima ballerina feeling this morning? Good? Jodie: I am feeling great! I am feeling like a new person. How did you sleep? Cooper: Awful! Jodie: Why? Did I talk in my sleep? I do that sometimes, oh I am sorry. Cooper: No, you slept like Snow White; it was because I was holding the most wonderful woman on earth in my arms and was not able to touch her or to kiss her! Jodie: Well I needed that! Cooper: I know you did! Eggs for breakfast? Jodie: Sounds great but The door bell rings Jodie opens the door with the buzzer and then opens the door Jodie: Maureen, what are you doing here? Maureen: Well, I recovered and I did a college degree or say I studied for a few semester and then I realized that I missed dancing and I thought I stop by, I wanted to talk to Cooper, he lives here, you two are back together? Jodie smiles: No, come on in, are you allowed to do, I mean dancing made you ill, really ill and are you sure you want do that again? Maureen is coming in and sits down on the sofa Maureen: Yes, Jim agreed to let me dance again and I think Coopers company would be perfect! If he ll have me and if you don't mind because that is important to me, I have changed, I think starving myself to death made me the person I was and didn't like, I just want to be a dancer. Jodie: Everyone deserves a second chance Maureen. Cooper: Jodie is right, Maureen you are a great dancer, you are perfect for me and the new ballet I am writing, you ll see. Maureen: Are you two Jodie: No, we are not Cooper grins: Not yet, Charlie broke up with her and told her that the ABA is much better and that she is a looser and let's not talk about it! I am working on getting her back! Jodie grins realizing slowly that Cooper was the one that she always wanted Jodie: Do you? Maureen: The ABA takes more of your soul than anything else. Cooper I have to be honest with you. I can only dance for you if you don't say I am fat or anything else. I have to eat and I mean not just a salad and loads of cold water, I have to eat regularly if I dance for you. That is important so that I don't fall back into my old behaviour. Cooper: Ham and Eggs on toast with a tat of maple syrup ok? Maureen: Are you serious? I mean it sounds great and delicious but Cooper: Training starts in 1,5 hours and I promise you Maureen, you ll need the calories as you will sweat them out and hate me afterwards! Hope you have your ballet shoes with you. Maureen: Yes of course, sounds great to me and it's a deal, thanks Cooper! I didn't expect that, I am so, thank you! Jodie: Here! It's delicious, some ketchup as well, Cooper does that for all of us whenever he is in a good mood. Maureen: Thanks! So you think, I mean Maureen put the plate down and takes off her sweater shows off her new body, she cant believe that Cooper took her on board without a training session. Maureen: Just to be clear, that is what you get. I am not Cooper interrupts her: Your body is perfect and everything else we ll see later. I don't want elves, I want dancers and dancing today is hard work and nothing else. People who think that you are fat are morons; I never understood why somebody could do that to their own body. Being healthy is not being fat, you have to be good to your body to be able to dance and capture something special for the audience. Maureen: Thanks for saying that Cooper, that is what I had to learn in all those sessions with my counselor. It was the right choice to come here and I really missed dancing you know I had to wait for that feeling to come back. Jodie smiles: Sergey will be there as well just so you know. Maureen: Sergey? Really that is amazing but isn't he supposed to be in San Francisco? Jodie: He missed New York and left Galina, or she left him I don't know. I think he just figured out that the two weren't a good fit. Maureen: Happens, can I have one more of this delicious my god wow. Cooper: Of course, coffee, latte, cappuccino? Maureen: Latte, since when are you so nice? Cooper: Since I am planning to make the ABA cry and I need dancers that are willing to give everything to do that. Maureen: Oh you bet I wanna do that! Cooper: Perfect! There will be tears Maureen, deep tears, you might hate me because Jodie knows that sometimes I want more than you are able to give, training sessions are harder than at the ABA and I think you are fantastic dancer now that you are fit and healthy. You have that aura and glow that you look like a mysterious girl, I am really curious to see how you have changed because your technique was always more than perfect, I have to give that to Jonathan. Maureen laughs out loud Maureen: As long as the tears come from that I am not doing it right or because my body hurts like hell from all the routines and the workout, it is fine by me! Cooper: Great, my ballet will be different thou. Can you ride a motorcycle? Maureen: I can yes, Jim thought me and what are you doing? Something like the workshop? Cooper: Well, first scene, you this will be amazing... Cooper sits down and starts writing; the girls are having another cup of coffee! Jodie: Any news? Maureen: I don't know if I should tell you that but Charlie and Anna are supposed to be together maybe that is why he broke up with you, I don't know when it started, are you ok with that? Jodie takes a deep breath and waits, she, when she realizes that she doesn't have to cry she speak Jodie: So he replaced one blonde with another one. Cooper from his desk: You are the better blonde and don't your cry, no tears he is not worth it. Jodie: Don't worry, I am not. Maureen: Eric is doing a great job as well together with Eva, she is the new star. Cooper: We will be better believe me and yes Eva is great but Jonathan still has Kathleen and so far I don't think she is retiring. Another knock on the door Jodie opens Sergey: I figured you must be here since you didn't come home last night, you re ok? Jodie: Of course, breakfast? Sergey: Perfect, I brought some vodka! Cooper: It's not nearly time for this stuff! Sergey give me the bottle, I am the new boss remember and that stuff is not for you, we need to train, I am the boss, give it to me not at this time! Cooper tries to take the bottle away from Sergey but Sergey refuses to let go. Sergey: I am Russian, I need a drink to start the day and it's perfect with the breakfast you made. Maureen nice to see you again, I assume you are with us? Maureen nods and the two are hugging Maureen: You want some bagels? Sergey: Are you ok? Sorry I am just asking Maureen: Yes, I am ok! Cooper: I am writing the new ballet. Sergey: Of course you do, bagels oh I missed them and salmon, well I have something better. Sergey opens a box of caviar Jodie: Did you win the lottery? Sergey: I am Russian Jodie! Cooper: Well, you are my favourite Russian and thanks man! Cooper grabs Sergey's bagel and takes a deep bite Sergey: Well you are the boss, thank god there is more and I knew you would appreciate it. Sergey laughs, takes another bagel and pours himself a glass of vodka, with that the doorbell rings again. Sergey: Oh that must be Alexei, I called him when you told me we needed a few more talented dancers, I hope you don't mind. Cooper: Alexei who? I am familiar with all the good dancers and I don't know anybody who with that name. Is he Russian? Sergey do you have some debt you have to pay off, are you in danger? Are you, did you do something that, do you need a lawyer? Hey, do I Cooper slightly panics but Sergey smiles and opens the door Sergey: Cooper, calm down. Alexei my friend how are you? Alexei: Sergey, so good to see you again! Sergey: Glad you could make it, left your skates behind forever? Alexei: Of course not but you know I am always interested in new things, thanks for calling. Alexei steps into the apartment with Sergey closing the door and looks at Cooper who just stares at him motionless for a few seconds. Finally he sits down takes the bottle of vodka to his mouth, he takes a deep sip that is slowly running down his throat, he closes his eyes and takes another deep one until he is able to breathe again . Jodie: Cooper, why did you do that? Are you ok? Cooper : I am sorry but you, are you Alexei Yagudin, figure skating world champion as well as Olympic gold medalist? Alexei: Yes, the one and it's a please to meet you. Sergey told me a lot about you and if you are asking what I am doing here let me tell you I had more ballet lessons in my life than you can think of, I am good and I want to be part of this project. Cooper: I hope you really mean that because I think, Jodie, can you please open the door on the right? Jodie: Sure, but why? Cooper: I bought the apartment next door when I had the chance and converted it into a little studio, let's start here, are you finished with your breakfast or do you want more? Guys? Jodie: I am fine, let's go and dance! Alexei: Sergey? Sergey pours him a glass of Vodka Sergey: Nastrovje Alexei! Alexei: Nastrovje! Cooper: Hey, you, maybe I should try that as well give me one more, I mean I have to start somewhere and Alexei you being here, I am Jodie takes the bottle away from him. Jodie: No you don't, you don't have the genes and or do you have Russian ancestors somewhere in your linage? And that sip or should I say sips you had were already enough and you know that. Jodie smiles, Cooper nods because he knows she is right and starts the music, his back to his old self. Cooper: Ok let's start training, put your shoes on and people one, two, three and four. Music starts and Cooper commands his dancers Cooper: Jodie your legs, higher! Alexei I thought you had ballet lessons, this doesn't look like it to me. Sergey you can leave if you do the pirouette in my ballet like you just did it, Maureen move your butt higher, you look like an elephant in the zoo. Jodie whispers to Maureen: Are you sure you want to do this? Maureen nods: Yes, but I am a bit rusty so I know he is right in a way. After 2 hours Cooper shows mercy, everybody is exhausted and falls flat on the floor. Cooper grabs a chair and smiles Cooper: Well that wasn't so bad at all, a good start. Sergey: I cannot believe Cooper: Alexei you are great and I would be honoured to have you in my company, I never thought they train figure skaters like that, I am not easily impressed but you are really good. Alexei: Thank you! Cooper: Jodie great as always my prima ballerina. Jodie smiles: Thank you. Cooper: Maureen you are Maureen: Before you say something, can I have some water, I am so thirsty, I am about to die, please! Cooper throws water bottles to his dancers Cooper: Here, you can even have a smoothie after this kind of training if you like that! Maureen: Really? Oh that would be great, I ll have a full fat chocolate latte with strawberries on top! Cooper wanders into the kitchen and starts mixing it, he knows that this will be his new team. He will be able to beat the ABA because he just saw what this group was willing to give him. Cooper: Right under way, you are great! You are better than you were at the ABA, you are down to earth and I think you will be perfect in the show, it's what Jonathan told you to do, only in this case he was right. Maureen: What do you mean? I don't get it. I never danced like this at the ABA and I never knew what he meant. Cooper: Easy! Before you danced for the ABA, at the ABA you wanted it because you had to, you tried to be perfect, it wasn't fun anymore. In the end you had to do it, you danced because people pressured you into doing it, which is what made you sick. Now you want it, people will see that you are dancing your heart out and that's it, the key to get the audiences love is that you need to have fun, you need to love what you do and I think you are able to do that now. You technique is still amazing. Maureen: Thank you, I am honoured. Sergey: What about me Cooper? Cooper: You my friend were fantastic but that isn't news to me. Listen I was thinking that you and Jodie could be the good ones and that Maureen and Alexei could be the bad ones. I am the reader and story teller, sounds good to you guys so far? Look at the table I have just written down a few rough idea. Tell me what you think. The group starts reading and is fascinated by his creativitiy. Alexei: Its good Cooper: You can go back to the ice, Maureen did you ever Maureen: I learned how to skate yes, I grew up in Michigan. Alexei: Great and I think I can show you a few tricks as well, if you let me. Jodie: And I am from Illinois, I learned how to skate before I could even walk. I was even training to be a professional figure skater but decided that I loved being a ballerina more than a skater and I am cold easily, very easily and that is having a negative impact on your training even if you have the talent. Cooper whispers comes over to her and has her a hot latte Cooper: I am learning more secrets about you every day princess. Jodie smiles: Well Cooper: I am going to secure us the place in front of the Rockefeller Center, we will play a Christmas story there with figure skating and ballet and music and I am planning to integrate two classic Christmas songs into the ballet White Christmas and Last Christmas and don't worry I am not stopping with my vision, I Jodie: I think it will be amazing just keep in mind that Alexei: I ll organize some costumes that you will love, warm but perfect to dance in, give me a second, I ll think I know how to who I have to call for this! Alexei goes to the bag, fishing out his cell and makes a quick phone, nodding, smiling and explaining the ballet. Cooper hands the smoothie to Maureen Maureen: Thanks! Delicious! A hidden talent of yours I am intrigued. Cooper looks at Sergey and Alexei Alexei: Blueberries with Cream Jodie: Blueberries are in the fridge. Sergey: I am just having water and another shot of Vodka! Cooper: Sergey, we aren't in Russia! I think you had Sergey: Ok, Chocolate with Strawberries should do the trick as well boss! Cooper grins: Coming right up! Alexei: Cooper, I organized dresses and everything else we need but Cooper: But, but there is always a nuisance and come on what did you do for it? Alexei: I had to make a promise to somebody. Cooper looks at him: What kind of a promise? Alexei: I promised Tara she could be in the show; I met her on Stars on Ice last year and she is, I mean she is really great, fun to be around with and you have to meet her she is, I told her about the ballet and she loved it so Cooper nearly drops down Sergey's drink but he catches it. Cooper: You mean Tara Lipinski former World Champion and master of pirouettes on ice? Alexei: Yes, the one and only! Cooper: I thought she had retired?! Alexei: She is fit and ready, like Maureen she did some college stuff; I think she just wanted to be normal for once in her life. Maureen: I know what you mean, same here! Alexei: Exactly! She needed a break from training and figure skating. She told me that she wasn't dead and while she was visiting a friend in London she saw a girl in the tube looking at her, staring at her is the better expression, when that girl realized who she was, well put it like that it was good they were in the tube sitting down as it nearly fainted. That was the moment when she knew it isn't over yet and that she is still the youngest female ice star who ever went becoming Olympic and World champion. Not only she felt special again in that moment but privileged for the first time in her life and that in principal it will never be over because she is who she is, and that's a lot and now she is finally be able to be proud of herself again! The next day she put on her skates and started to train again not because she had to but because she wanted to it and I think she is better than ever! Cooper laughs: I don't know if I deserve that but if she is fit then this is fantastic because this girl will rock the show, for the last scene in a corner spinning and dancing like an old fashioned musical clock. Cooper goes back to his desk and starts drawing and writing scenes. The others sit around relax trying to recover from Coopers training session. Maureen: Wow, I never knew he could be like that! Jodie: He changed since a lot since he has his own company and the responsibility that comes with it but I think he would appreciate somebody for finances and fundraising, he hates that and complains about that the whole time! Maureen: Oh I am an expert in that, I am calling some of my former college mates, one that majored in marketing, big ballet fan and a financial genius, has her own company, she will be thrilled to do something for us! Jodie: Sounds great! Sergey: He works like a maniac, look at him! Jodie: Well I think he really wants to beat Jonathan and not only for himself or me or what Jonathan did to Maureen. He knows what he is doing is the right thing, the way ballet has a chance to survive in this new century and with all the competition from TV, cinema, game shows, opera, theatre and musicals. Alexei: I saw you in his first piece, the workshop and you Jodie: You saw the ABA workshop? Alexei: Yes and when Sergey called I had a feeling that he was doing something similar. That is why I am here; I was a star for some people and I think now I wanna be a star for others. Cooper leaps up his chair Cooper: Yes, we have the last scene spinning and dancing, Tara is a ballerina in a music box or kind of a music box, she will dance to a Christmas songs, maybe something Nutcracker like, she will be the little girl that helps the good to win but the evil meaning Maureen and Alexei here you won't loose but win in another way. Alexei: I see you have a vision. Cooper: I do and training isn't over because this was just a break. Get your skates and teach Jodie and Maureen how to do a few moves and I hope everybody is willing to learn new things and wants this as bad as I want this to be a success because otherwise out the door and leave! Jodie: Of course we all want it; this will be a chance not only for the company but also for all us to be part of something special! Cooper: Great so go and let me work, I think I wanna write this down and Alexei maybe I need a few skaters and Maureen I want some college girls that are ok but not as great for, you know what I mean, tell me if I need to hire a skating coach and now I Cooper sits down and starts writing again, drawing scenes, researching the internet Everybody gets dressed to leave his apartment Jodie laughs: You know it's the old story good against bad, blondes against brown. Sergey: Tara is a red head! Jodie: True but I think that Cooper will figure something out. All laughing, they take Sergey's car this time driving to an ice skating ring in Brooklyn. Sergey: Ok, guys I know this is new ground but you will be able to do it, I am sure of it. I don't know what Cooper is thinking but we can try at least , let's do it, make him proud! Alexei helps Maureen on the ice Alexei: Hey great, should I show you some moves? Maureen: Something like that? Maureen is doing a pirouette. Jodie: Or something like that? Jodie is jumping a double toe-loop Alexei: Wow you are really good, where did you learn that? Jodie: Oh I always ignored Jonathan and all my ballet trainers because I love variety so I learned a lot of stuff from different people. Long winters is all I am saying. Here let me show you another one. From behind: Guys I should better do that, you know, I am the girl and for us girls it's different we have curves and you don't so, hey be careful. Alexei: Tara, how did you get here that fast? Tara: Oh I couldn't wait, called Cooper he already handed me some instructions and I am on it. More or less I have to show the girls' pirouettes and stuff like that, nothing major or too complicated, I am the jumping, twirling ballerina! Alexei laughs: Yes, you are good to have you back Tara! Tara: I think this will be fun because this is so fantastic and different and I am not alone. Jodie: I think we know what you ll mean then let's do that. Tara turns on music and commands the girls over the ice. She shows how to twist and float over the ice, Maureen and Jodie smiling at her working as hard as they can. Alexei: We can do that, are you still able to do a few jumps? Sergey: Lets try it! Toe-Loop? Alexei: Sure something to warm us up! The guys start to warm-up as well and Sergey remembers everything he learned during his childhood in Moscow and after three hours Cooper arrives with hot milkshakes for everybody. Cooper: Ballet is written and we can start right now! Sergey: Really? I mean how did you do that? Cooper: Muse hit me! Come on let me tell you the story, Maureen at the beginning you are together with Sergey and Alexei is together with Jodie. You are in high school, Tara you are Sergey's little sister. Alexei, you and Jodie are in a car, in a nice car believe me, Alexei you are drunk but still driving like we all did in high school, stupid thing but we did it anyway, it is prom night and everybody has a good time, that's why I told Maureen I need college girls. I mean we are making the big bang at the beginning something nobody ever did. Jodie: Sounds fantastic to me but our crew will have a hell of a time! Cooper: I know, Tara is on a bike, riding home from a friend and you guys hit her with that great car, Jodie storms out of the car but it's too late, she is critically injured, the EMTs come, loads of energy, music, drama, Tara is rushed into a hospital, she is an a coma, lies down and... Tara: I am in a coma? I am not in a coma, I thought, hey I am in this, I want to skate, I want to dance, that is what I signed up for and not for Cooper: Wait, wait hear me out. Jodie and Sergey are childhood friends and Jodie visits Tara as often as possible where she meets Sergey, her big love and soul mate. Sergey and Jodie have dream scenes with you Tara. At the end, two new couples emerge Sergey and Jodie and Maureen and Alexei. Maureen you and Alexei talk together because Alexei can't understand why Jodie spends so much time with Sergey on Tara s hospital bed when Tara is in a coma from what doctors expect she will never wake up again. Maureen you are jealous because you love Sergey but more and more you begin to understand the special bond that Jodie and Sergey always shared and you being to fall in love with Alexei. Alexei you regret everything crying at the end of the ballet at Tara s hospital bed, Sergey forgives you and it's starting to snow then Tara wakes up and it's a big dance around the Christmas tree, a celebration of life! Jodie: That's wonderful, it's a story everybody can relate to, it's for families and friends, grandmas can take their grandkids, its amazing, I love it. Cooper: And people will be able to understand it, its easy and fun, what do you think? Maureen: I think I can't wait to start training and I am sure Jim can give us some advice and equipment to make it more realistic. Cooper: Oh you are the best if you could do that and convince him to be part of this! But for today it's over, have some of these. I already talked to the rest of the company and they love it as well. Jodie: They don't think that you are abandoning them? Cooper: They think it's the right thing to do and there are loads of roles, they are happy to play teens with cars, I think it will be powerful. For the next eleven weeks I rented this ice stadium and Maureen, after your training I need you to call a few friends who help us build the scenes, costumes I need seamstresses, really important but we might be able to buy them on the high street and adjust them to make them more comfortable to dance in but I need Tara: I studied fashion, I will do that don't you worry boss and I get the girls in my art classes to create a wonderful stage! Cooper: Great! I knew this would be something that involves everybody. You know I want this to be a team event; I don't want outsiders to realize my vision. I wanna do that with you even if that means building, hammering, I think otherwise you can't dance it or more feel it! Jodie: I am with you on this Cooper! Jodie gives him the look and this time, for the first time in a long time Cooper blushes. Sergey: Any ideas what the other companies will do? Cooper takes a deep breath: I think Jonathan will do a lame classic ballet, powerful but classic and the others? No idea and I don't wanna know! I know that this will be it! I don't need to steal from others, I think this it it! Jodie: And we will be the best! Jodie hugs Cooper, Maureen drives takes the underground home, Alexei and Sergei are having a drink and Tara has to head back to NYU . Cooper: Then it's only us! Jodie: Yep! Cooper: Can I offer you a ride? Jodie: Yes! Cooper: I really like you and it's different than when we met for the first time I hope you know that! Jodie: I know, come on let's fill your fridge! Cooper: My fridge? Why do you wanna fill my fridge? Jodie: You want me to stay over don't you? Cooper smiles: Yes! Yes I want you to stay over again but I don't want to sleep on the couch! Jodie blushes: Then let's go shopping, you will have people over the whole time and eating is essential you said so yourself! Come on lets buy some groceries, healthy food and water![Chapter 3] At Coopers apartment Cooper: Woman, thank god this fridge is big, don't know if it's big enough thou! I never thought you can spend that much money in the supermarket, my god Jodie I hope you know what you are doing. Jodie: Well, I think that will last a week more or less. We are your team and we need the budget for the company and not for eating out! Cooper: Hungry? Jodie: Yes but I am cooking this time! Cooper: You are? Jodie: Yes, you can open a bottle of wine in the meantime! Cooper: That sounds great to me Jo! Jodie laughing: I knew you would say that. You know you have changed, I see that now. Normally you have the look in your eyes for every woman that passes by. Cooper: Look? What do you mean by look? Jodie: The look that makes women feel special for a few seconds in the daily life, when they realize they are worthy your time, the look that creates butterflies in your stomach and makes you believe in fairytales, that look. Cooper: Did I lose that? Oh my god... Jodie: Yes and no because, it's complicated. You still have the look and talk to women but it's not like you wanna drag them to bed anymore, you start to care and I think that is what matters most. Cooper comes to her and puts an arm around her waist Cooper: I care about you more than you think. Jodie: I know that and I am a bit afraid but this show will be great and I considering that you are trying really hard Cooper: You will be my prima ballerina forever, I told you from the start, you are my star but even if you re tiered or if we are doing something different, in my heart you will always be my prima ballerina because I don't know what happened to me, all the time when you were together with Charlie I thought I could handle the situation and I could at the beginning but now Jodie: Now? Cooper: I am happy that he dumped you! Jodie: Really? I mean why are you happy that I am hurt? Cooper: Yes I mean no, I didn't mean it like this! Come on let's eat, I am starving! Jodie laughs: The old Cooper would have dragged me directly into bed! Cooper: The old Cooper didn't know that eating is important and I need you to be fit that's why eating comes first and the other things second! Jodie: It's a deal! Over a glass of red wine the two finally talk about everything they needed to talk since they saw each other for the first time and Jodie realizes that it was Cooper all along. He cleans up the table, from the kitchen he asks her Cooper: Dessert? We have tiramisu and fresh fruit and Jodie takes a deep breath and takes of her shirt, standing up walking towards Cooper. Jodie whispering: I am your dessert. Cooper thinks he is dreaming and Jodie kisses his neck Jodie: If you ll have me Cooper whirls around: If I ll have you? I wanted you for months to say something like that! I was waiting and dreaming about that but I Cooper kisses her with all the passion he has, hugging her and then he picks her up and walks across the room and he puts her on the big bed that is overlooking the Hudson. Cooper: This time, it will be different. Jodie: I know and I am ready for this now, just kiss me again. The next morning The door bell is ringing; Jodie is laying in Coopers arms, happy and calm Jodie: Are you opening the door? Cooper: What time is it? Jodie looks at the big alarm clock Jodie: 5am Cooper: My god, who is that? It's the middle of the night, its still dark outside and Jodie goes to the door, yawning Jodie: Hello? Intercom: Hey it is me Tara, let me in I am freezing, I am already pressing the buzzer for a minute its cold out here so let me in! Jodie presses the button and lets Tara in side. Cooper: Who is disturbing my peace? I am not ready to see anybody, I want to be alone with you and I wanna make love to you and Jodie: Tara, its Tara. Cooper: Oh, I ll better hit the shower. Why is she coming at this time of day? Is she fallen out of bed, couldn't sleep? Jodie: Make some coffee and shower later, that's better. Jodie gives him a passionate kiss and opens the door Jodie: Good morning Tara. Tara: Oh hello you two! Jodie: Do you know what time it is? Tara: Oh of course but don't you? Cooper: Our training starts at 10am normally. Tara: Oh I am so sorry but I always trained at this time of day, should I leave again and come back later? Cooper smiles: No, stay. I ll make some breakfast, hungry? Tara: Yes Jodie: I ll do that Coop. Cooper: What's in the bag? Tara: Its, oh I worked all night see for yourself. Cooper pulls out T-Shirts and trousers and skirts, ballet shoes Cooper: Wow, Jodie that girl is Jodie: Tara this is, the ballet shoes look like sneakers, how did you do that? They are, oh my good, Cooper do you see what I see? Tara: Just samples but we can't dance in sneakers so I thought why not create something, don't worry skates look similar and here the dresses... Cooper: You are really talented but how did you do that? I mean, wow! Tara: Oh I am in a sorority; didn't I tell you that before? I have sisters and we all pulled an all-nighter oh that was so much fun! Cooper: You didn't but I should have guessed it you didn't win gold if you wouldn't be totally determined and insane! Tara: Thanks and my sisters helped me. I promised them free tickets for the premiere in return and that they could help us at every stage of the process! Cooper: Do they know how much work that is? I mean they are doing us a favour I would have hired some people but free work, hey I don't say no to that. Tara: They think its chic and fascinating and they, some might have a little crush on a certain ballet dancer who is now my boss and I did the whole thing but some of them still have the dream to be a ballerina so now they can be part of something that was their childhood dream and maybe at the end realize that dreaming and watching is great but most of all appreciate that they chose a different career path because they would never have been able to sacrifice so much of their lives. Cooper: Amazing little skating lady, I am totally impressed, Tara you Coopers gives her a big sisterly hug! Tara: Thank you! Can I have, hey let me breathe please I am really not that stable, I am hey boss please let me live... Cooper: Oh sorry and of course, here coffee with caramel and extra cream! Tara: Extra Cooper grins: After today you will think that the figure skating lessons were heaven on earth Tara: Ok but I am tough, so you really like the costumes? Cooper: Yes! Tara: Should I make any changes? Cooper: Not yet and calm down, you make me, it's early, I am not ready for so much energy that early and normally I mean in the old days I went to bed at that time of day. Doorbell rings again and Jodie answers Jodie: Hello Intercom: It's us, Sergey and Alexei Jodie: Come on up, breakfast is nearly ready. Jodie presses the button Jodie: Hello guys! Sergey: Goooood morning, here blinis and caviar Alexei: And vodka of course. Cooper: Wow, where did you? Sergey: We are Russians, do you like Cooper: Caviar? Caviar again? Guys I was a lady's man once, Caviar was the good stuff you know and I knew how to live a good life! Cooper looks at Jodie and blushes Sergey: We understand totally boss! Alexei sits down on the floor Alexei: Try that, blini with caviar and extra cream now a shot of vodka, perfect. Cooper: Wow, that is delicious man why didn't, sometimes I shouldn't, I need to free my head from not taking any advice because since I do my life is great. I wow, fantastic, this tastes amazing, I am in heaven and love it! Sergey: We know that, we are Russians and believe me we know the ladies as well and if you... Cooper grins: Nothing for the girls thou! Tara: Believe me you have to strangle me to eat fish in the morning! I mean this is disgusting and vodka before coffee and pure? Sergey smiling: Salmon with scrambled eggs? Tara: Where? All laughing Tara: Ok you got me I just don't like caviar! I think its disgusting. Alexei: I remember that. Tara: Yeah you know a lot about me, Alexei Sergey: Figure skating is very Tara: Don't continue Sergey: Promised! Doorbell rings again Jodie: Hello? Voice: It's me Maureen, am I Jodie: Come on up we are already having breakfast you are the last one! Maureen: Hey, I brought fresh croissants and pastries and hey guys Alexei: Blini caviar and cream? Maureen: Sure, why not? Sergey: Vodka? Cooper: Hey, the girls shouldn't be drinking! Maureen: Oh come on, let me try one! Cooper: Ok one shot but you need to eat and have the extra cream Maureen: Don't worry, last night I ate Jim's portion of spaghetti and he looked like an Alien at me, but hey I was hungry, training drained me! Jodie: Believe me I know what you mean, Cooper and I filled the fridge for the coming weeks, you can have a look! Cooper: Yep! But I think about twice next time better I just hand you girls my credit card and let you do the shopping, can you imagine going just grocery shopping, guys you don't wanna do this, Jodie was standing there looking and tasting everything, I am going to pack a few things and within 10 I am outta there but we needed more than 2 hours! 2 hours. Jodie shoves him Cooper: Hey Jodie: Wasn't the desert worth it? Cooper blushes: It was! Maureen excited: I love shopping groceries that is now my favorite hobby, never thought how good things could taste and they don't make me fat, if I am doing sports or even just walk I need to eat so that is what I am doing. Dancing like this is what I always wanted and Jim wants to talk to you Cooper! Cooper: About you? About me being your Maureen laughs: No, about the show, about what we are able to borrow from the hospital etc. Cooper relieved: That sounds better to me; tell him I am making a list and warn him it could be a really long one, I want everything to look realistic and you know I can be a perfectionist! Maureen: I know and I am sure he will get you everything and I know that you want things to be perfect. I was trained at the ABA, common history, I heard things and I saw you training till early morning hours when I was just a little girl so I know what's coming believe me and I am totally in for it. Now can I have a honey latte with extra cream on top please? Cooper: Sure! Coming right up! Jodie: Are we Cooper: You have to train with me after this gorgeous breakfast, than you ll do your routines, be a bit creative, help Tara while I talk to the rest of the team. Jodie: Are you sure they don't get jealous? Cooper: They know that I want the best and they know that they are good but they aren't you guys so don't be worried, I hired a Jazz coach for them and I hired Briana and they love her. After all without her I wouldn't be here... Jodie smiles: True, you wouldn't, she encouraged you to build the company and to get me and to Cooper smiles: Now let's start, you will hate me after this session but it will be worth it, believe me I know what you guys are capable of doing Like the day before, 3 hours later the group lies on the floor again, all breathing heavily. Tara: Guys, I don't know, this is incredible but you are a the dev ...! Cooper interrupting Tara: Told you she will hate me. Tara: Shower? Please, water? I need Cooper: Of course, go ahead, you did a great job I am truly impressed, more than impressed and I don't get impressed that easy so I am impressed same like with Alexei yesterday! Tara: Thanks, I am feeling horrible and exhausted and although my body hates you, my mind thinks you are a genius a real genius but please... Cooper: Go, second door on the left, towels are in the white cupboard next to the shower. Take whatever you need! Tara: Thanks, I ll appreciate that very much! Tara hits the shower and Alexei slides down to the wooden floor of the studio Alexei: She is right and I need to sit down for a bit, I am sorry Cooper but I thought my Russian coaches were hard but you, Sergey he is crazy was he always like this? Why couldn't you have warned me? Maybe I would have said no! I mean I feel bones that I have never felt in my life! Sergey: I told you before but you didn't listen, you wouldn't believe me telling me that nobody could be harder than the coaches you had and you wouldn't have said no, that's not you, you love challenges! Alexei: True and this is one! Sergey grins: We ballet dancers and Cooper knower's are used to that although today was tough even for somebody used to the ABA style! Cooper: Thank you! Alexei: Cooper, you are good! Man you are good although like Tara my body hates you, every bone hurts, my feet hurt and I am so tiered! Cooper laughs: We are taking a break guys but I ll expect you to go to the ice centre and do routines there. Alexei, you and Sergey are working together and Tara should show Maureen and Jodie what it takes, to bring my vision on ice. Work and build my dream, that's your job! Sergey: I d rather do that than do another move here in the studio, my god Cooper you are insane today, I mean I had to do the triple pirouette ten times why? Cooper: Because on stage it must feel like a normal step for you. Got it? Sergey: Yes, understood and we will kill Jonathan and that makes it worth it even if I have to do it 100 times next time! Cooper: Thank you! Don't you say that we are killing Jonathan we will just take away his pride and money, Maureen are you Maureen laughs: I am not ill ok? I feel fine, I am just exhausted but I feel great and I have to agree with Tara this piece of art will be wonderful and Jonathan will have a hell of a time which I think is great after all he thought that I am fat and that got me into trouble in the first place! You on the other hand, you are making me a milkshake and train me down, so I think that's the right way to work in ballet. Cooper: It's a bit payback time for you as well; I assume your mother doesn't know that you are working for me now? Maureen grins: She doesn't, she would kill me right away, that's why it's even more fun to do it! And that's why I am trying even harder as you might have noticed! Jodie: I know what you mean and to be quite honest to see the ABA on the ground again would feel perfect and I think we are doing more what the people really want instead of what Jonathan thinks is right for them. We are creating something normal people like my parents understand and not only some who think they get the vision that some choreographer has in his freaking mind! Cooper: Yep and I am thankful to all of you that you are trying to make this perfect and that you can convey what I am thinking; I think we are a good team, a really good team. I realized that after the first 5 minutes! Sergey: Right but now, go, too much of your compliments might make us lazy and sloppy! Cooper: Ill be back don't you worry! Sergey: WE know that, meet you at the ice Stadium at 4 and I think we ll have something for you! Cooper: Sure! I ll organise something special for you if I like what I see. Tara comes back from the shower Tara: Special from you? I ll think I call the girls! Cooper laughs: Do that and beg them to help us with costumes and everything that surrounds this, I had a look at what we needs and the narrow time frame, I think its all hands on deck. For example we need posters and advertising that is something I forgot about and Tara: Go, I ll handle that! Kissing Jodie Goodbye, Cooper leaves to meet some people in lower manhattan Jodie: If I didn't know what the end result will look like based on the workshop, I would leave right away and go to Canada, my feet are aching, I am afraid to look at them because they hurt like hell and so is my head and he wants us to do another session on ice. He is mad and extreme, and manic but Alexei: Yes he might be but he is excellent, I know my flaws, I think we all do and he sees them every time even if we do our best to hide our weaknesses. He helps us and makes us better in believing that we are able to do it. He believes that if you repeat something 100 times more in the end you got it! Maureen: Yes but I am heading for that fridge! Maureen stands up and opens the door Maureen: Wow, it's filled and oh my goodness full fat milk, I am having a few cereals and Jodie: I am taking a bowl as well and here a fresh fruits... Sergey: Oh and you bought bananas! Jodie: Yes, I thought they might help us. Tara: I am getting some as well, who is next? Sergey storms the bathroom before anyone is able to make a move for it. Alexei: You know if we train on ice I would recommend something a bit more Jodie: What do you think? Alexei: I am opting for the obvious. Maureen: You are not thinking Alexei: Pasta and fish! Maureen: Me the pasta and you the fish? Jodie: I ll make the sauce! Alexei: Fine by me! Together they cook and one after another hits the shower finally they have lunch together. Jodie: This was fantastic, I am feeling great again. Ice I am coming, I am totally re-energized. Tara laughs: Believe me the next 2 hours won't be easy. Jodie: Oh I don't care; good music and thick socks should do the trick. I don't care if I am falling on my bottom; at least the bruising won't hurt as much on ice. Tara: I wouldn't say that but I ll leave you guys with it and now come on let's do it! In the Ice centre Tara: Hey Jodie, this is supposed to look nice and not like you are some beginner that looks for glory, where are your arms? Get your arms into first position or I ll put them there! Jodie: Here see, but I have to find balance first, this is not easy you know my lessons were ages ago and Tara: Balance is in your head and you need to slide more, hey I am the one here in bed, you need to be more sorry, your eyes have to tell a story, this is supposed to look like a fairytale, you are crying, you are sorry but the public doesn't get that because your eyes don't tell that story, hey slide more, the music will be soft at the moment, let me show you what I mean... Tara jumps up and shows Jodie what she has in mind Jodie: Ok, you want it to look more like floating on a river! Tara: Yes, I am the one in the coma but you are sorry for that, you can't believe what happened and you cry but your body has to cry as well, the people who are watching have to feel the pain... Jodie tries it again and again until Tara smiles Tara: That's what I mean! Great, you are getting there! Alexei: Now Sergey you are the one coming in, you are seeing your ex, you are watching her, than you are taking her hand and this is the moment when it happens, pas-de-deux on ice. Jodie: Ok, Sergey now! Sergey: My hand here and I am lifting her up and later Jodie: What are you doing? Sergey: Letting you down and slide... Alexei: Yes, wow! Sergey, did you watch Sergey: I did, I was thinking you might want to do something like this! Alexei: Well you watched very closely and sliding Jodie, good! Tara: This is great, good beginning. Maureen, next scene it's you and Alexei. You are frustrated, you are hurt, dance that. Here the music is like this! Maureen closes her eyes, goes on the ice and dances her heart out, Tara is thrilled! Tara: Wonderful! With a few changes that's your solo and great interpretation skills for a ballerina that just used figure skating as a way of blowing of steam! A furious ballerina on ice, not perfect yet but a great start! Maureen: Thanks! Good thing that I took some lessons when I was younger! Tara: I see that and I am impressed being professional dancers that are able to skate. You will be able to learn that in not time but guys this is going to be huge so Alexei: Normally you are a skater in a pair or you dance or you are competing as in the singles competition. Tara: Exactly! Nobody until now has tried to dance and perform in one show as single but also as a couple and dancing. I know its crazy but we are good and dancers have an incredible feeling for timing. The four of you have to try to think alike. I mean we all have to think alike we have to be and to act as one. In the first scene when Alexei hits me with his car he has to throw me into the air and that is not gonna be easy... Voices: Tara, Tara, we are here! Tara sisters are arriving Tara rushes around: Oh hey girls, there you are. Thanks so much for coming. Adriana: Hey Tara, oh so good to see you. Here we have finished the costumes and we are about to build the scenery back at the house. Are you finished for today? Tara: I am not, I am so sorry. I ll have a look at everything tonight. Adriana: That s ok what we saw you doing on the ice looks great doesn't it? Cooper emerges from a dark corner Cooper: Great job people! It's fantastic, I am so glad Sergey called you! Tara, you deserved to win when you were 16, you are a great choreographer and trainer! Alexei, same goes for you! Adriana smiles at Cooper and Jodie gives him a look Cooper laughs, goes to Jodie and kisses her Cooper: You were great my prima ballerina! Adriana looks irritated but finds her smile immediately back when she sees that Alexei gives her the look. Adriana: I am calling some agencies, I hope you really like what I am doing with the others! Cooper: I am grateful for every help we can get and I think you girls did an amazing job. We really need you! Adriana: Can we use them or at least parts of them for our final work, I mean would you mind Cooper: You mean if you can use the ballet as your final course work? The advertising part, the costumes depending which course its related to. Adriana: Yes, I mean if you don't mind but if you mind, I ll do something else and I am sure the girls will come up with, I am sorry we should have Cooper: I think the company would be honoured and Tara: Thank you! Tara: Hey, please don't say thank you again until dress rehearsal? Cooper: Why? Tara: Because you want us to train like hell and not to get lazy! That includes me when it comes to ballet lessons! Cooper: Ok, deal but I liked what I saw and that's why I organized these for you! Coopers hands out full fat chocolate lattes for everybody Maureen: You are the best coach in town, a slayer and slave trader but these are my favs. I think Jim Jim comes in and hugs her Jim: Hey Cooper, I hope you don't mind stealing my girlfriend away for the evening! Cooper: I don't mind, she had a hell of a day and I need your input. Can we do Cooper explains Jim what he needs and Jim takes notes Jim: I ll organize that and some of my guys, they will be thrilled to work with ballerinas and girls from Tara sorority! Cooper: Great! Adriana: Oh the girls will love med students, you know in our sorority some girls dream is to marry a doctor and move to Long Island! Jim laughs: Well I am sure Matt will be thrilled to help one of your sisters with that. Maureen: Jim Jim kisses his girlfriend and continues Jim: Cooper, just make sure Maureen eats something! Cooper: She eats don't worry, she does and I ll keep an eye on her so does Jodie! Maureen: Not ill and I am a person, I am here! Cooper: I know and you could indeed gain 1 or 2 kilos. Maureen: Really? I mean, I thought Jonathan would I need to drop them and I! Cooper: Winter, you are a girl in college and if I am not totally mistaken and Jim interrupt me but in every session the girls lose about 4000 calories! Jodie: Really? We do? 4000 that's like 8 big macs and shakes including French fries or like only half a box of my favourite chocolates or one meal at Cooper: Stop, hey there wait a second, how do you know all this stuff? Jodie: Don't ask and shut up for a second! Jim is 4000 really true? Jim: Yes, it is about right depending on weight and height, with Coopers training I would think so and if you include the training on ice even more. Cooper: These calories need to be replaced and that means eating light stuff that you like, that is replacing the calories you lose with food that lets you dance. Tara: Yes and guys, milkshakes are always a quick fix, especially and I am sorry Alexei Alexei: Go on, I am still translating sometimes. Tara smiles: Thanks but what I wanted to say is these shakes are not only replacing the calories but are also high on calcium that makes your bones stronger and in figure skating that's what you need because yes even if you do everything right, sometimes you fall and your bones should be strong enough to resist from breaking as long as possible so Maureen: So if I am longing for a cheese platter and ice cream that's fine? Cooper: Yes, come on let's have something to eat at La Pont de la tour! Jodie: Wine? Cooper: One glass, are you guys with us? Tara: Oh if we are really finished for the day, I am going to see the sisters, Adriana, girls Adriana: I would Alexei: I am coming with you girls; didn't you say you need some advice for the scenery? Tara: Great and yes. Everybody will be thrilled to meet you, I mean you are Sergey: And I am hitting the clubs, alone! Cooper: Sergey, you are Sergey: You can kill me tomorrow but I ll need to let go! Cooper: Maureen, Jim? Maureen: Home? Jim: Yes, but she will be back! Cooper: Ok, than I ll see you guys tomorrow at Tara: 7 at your place! Cooper: 7? Tara: 6, I ll bring breakfast! Cooper: You are insane! Tara: You want to win, don't you? Cooper: Winning, yes but why are you calling the shots suddenly? I mean I am the producer, choreographer and director as well as your trainer and... Tara: Who has the gold medal in her closet? Alexei starts laughing: I do and I will be there! Tara sticks his tongue out to Alexei Tara: Well I was younger when I won it! Alexei laughs and nods, he loves Tara and thinks she is an amazing figure skater. Cooper: Sleep deprivation is a hard thing and Tara: Then go to bed and sleep for once! Maureen and Jim are leaving Sergey: Tara, I ll hate you, you know morning trainings aren't my style! Tara: Well, I know something you don't and for that you will hate me even more! Sergey: Spill it out! Tara: Well, I know a certain Galina who not only hooked up with Mikhail because she wanted a spot as a ballerina but there are rumours, just rumours that your former buddy Yevgeni is into her as well! Sergey: Well, I need a drink and I am not only blowing off steam I am taking the next girl and get drunk the Russian way with her. Thanks Tara! Sergey storms out the ice centre Cooper: Tara, you know he shouldn't have told him. Now he is doing something that he ll regret and Tara: I know but he will drink and then train his heart out until he cries that is the way he handles these kinds of situations. Cooper: How do you know that? Tara: That's what I did and in his heart, I am sorry to say that Cooper but he was a great figure skater even if he never won Gold. He is a great dancer but when he is hurt he will do what he can, you ll see tomorrow. Tara looks at him with her deep blue eyes. Cooper: I ll trust you! Adriana, Tara, the girls and Alexei are leaving Jodie: And it's only us! Cooper: Yes! Jodie: Thank you! Cooper: Thank you for what? Jodie: For making me your woman?! Cooper smiles: She is not my type and Jodie: And Alexei gave her the look! Cooper: He did and I think that might be a good fit. Jodie: How do you know that? Cooper: Just a feeling, come on let's go! Jodie: But Cooper: Oh and if we meet ABAs there so be it. You are with me! Jodie: I am with you? Cooper: And that will never change! Jodie: Are you? Cooper kisses her Jodie: I believe you this time. Let's go, I am freezing![Chapter 4] At the Pont de la tour Cooper: You looked great on ice today! Jodie: Thanks but Tara was hard, you didn't hear her screaming at me to put my hips higher, to get more balance but in the end Cooper: She was right? Jodie: Yes and because she is so used to work with a video, you ll see everything and I think it's a good method when you don't have the mirror of a ballet studio. Cooper: And you tried it again? Jodie: Of course and with every minute I got better. I hope in a few weeks it will look perfect, although tomorrow Tara will train jumps with us and Cooper: You ll manage! Jodie: Hopefully yes, what do you think about the costumes? Cooper: The once that are finished or the once that just exist on paper? Jodie: Both! Cooper: The one you will be wearing, the white one in the scene with Tara in the coma is wonderful. I think the whole audience will cry, it will be an essential part of the play and I admire Adriana and Tara for their skills and admiration to be able to create something like this! Jodie: I can't draw! Cooper: You can dance and cook! Jodie: Yes maybe I ll start a second career after ballet! Cooper: Good to know! Both enjoy their evening together when suddenly Jodie looks around and turns white Cooper: Is everything ok? Jodie: Charlie, he is here, I don't think I Cooper: Hey, it's ok. You are with me and not with him anymore! Jodie with nearly no breath Jodie: Jonathan, he is Cooper: Hey, you need to breathe, come on in and out! Don't panic! Cooper stands up, slides on the bench next to her and holds her tight while Jodie starts shivering Cooper: Hey, again one deep breath, calm down! Let me do the talking! Jodie nods and hopes she can hold back her tears. Cooper: Hey Jonathan, Charlie, so alone? Jonathan: Cooper, Jodie, what a nice surprise so see you here! Charlie: I was right, you had an..! Cooper: Hey, hey, you my friend should be careful what you about to imply! Charlie: Why? It's obvious that are sleeping with her. Cooper: After you dumped her with that letter I mean you could have told her in person but you weren't man enough to do that. She cried her heart out and yes I comforted her and realized how much I still love her but before she was a loyal girlfriend and don't you dare implying anything else but this. She is not Katherine, Jonathan. Jonathan: Still jealous? Jealous that I got her and that she stayed with me and not you? Cooper: You have an aging prima ballerina dancing with a guy that is obviously too young for her, that will look silly on stage. Charlie: I am the lead in the new play and Jonathan: Katherine won't be dancing the female lead in the new ballet, Eva or Anna will, I haven't decided that yet! Cooper: Eva and Eric you mean! Charlie: Eva and me you..! Cooper: Well, well what a surprise. I can't imagine what lame ballet you will be doing again. Jonathan: I heard you got yourself an anorexic! Jodie fumes: Don't you dare talking about Maureen like that, she was ill because of you! Jonathan: Jodie, you and Maureen would have never made it in my company. Cooper: Jodie and Maureen are too good for you, I am so happy they decided to join my company! And now would you excuse us, we will continue our dinner elsewhere Cooper holds out one hand for Jodie, leaving the restaurant Jodie: Are we giving up? Cooper: No! But I felt my bad temper coming through and I didn't want to hit Jonathan or Charlie and creating the scene that's why I needed to cool down and go out! Jodie: Will we be better? Do you really think we can beat them on stage? Cooper looks at her: Of course! Hey I know you like Eva, she is a good girl but Jonathan makes her into something she isn't. She changed, she wants to be like them and there is nothing you can do about it at the moment. Jodie tears are rolling down her face, she misses Eva who used to be a great friend. Jodie: I know Cooper: Hey, our ballet will rock the world and at the end the public and not some critic is going to decide who wins and I think Jonathan forgets that sometimes... Jodie: What are we doing about Eva? I don't want to fight with her. I like her, I Cooper: At the moment? Nothing there is nothing we can do about that at the moment believe me. I might ask Maureens help, she was the one who got help from her before workshop! The next morning at Coopers Apartment Tara: I heard you met Jonathan and Charlie last night. Jodie: Yes! Cooper: And we Jodie furious: They are so sure they will win so we have to be extra careful, we have to train harder, be more creative than ever and when we dance it has to look easy and light, Cooper was great and didn't Sergey comes in Sergey: You didn't hit the bastard? Not even Charlie? Believe me in your situation, I probably would have but so I am Russian, we do that. Cooper laughing: You would have, I am sure. I didn't, I wanted but I didn't do it. Although nobody knows it better than you indeed how much I wanted to do that! Are you ok? I mean you can't have had an easy night? Sergey: Yes I am ok and I didn't get drunk although I wanted to but I realized she isn't worth the headache and the trouble! Just a woman and there are others out there. Tara grinning: Really? Sergey: Yes I came to me after the first drink, I was thinking you might introduce me to some of your friends. So then I hit straight back to the ring and skated for the last 5 hours because I felt like it and now my body is hurting but not my head, it's clear and I loved every second of it! Cooper: And? I know you aren't finished let me see what you done. Sergey: You are right, I have a solo and hope you like it and are not mad at me that I created it myself! Sergey puts in a video tape and everybody watches it. Tara: You are great, wow that looks amazing! Sergey: I Cooper: Why did you never Sergey: Because I thought I wasn't good enough and I loved ballet, I met Galina shortly before my first big competition and she wanted to be a ballerina and so I left everything behind. Cooper: But you are Sergey: Don't you worry I am a ballet dancer so I won't leave the company but I think I enjoy being back on the ice. Alexei: You could have taken away the gold from me. Sergey: Maybe on a good day but then it's good that you got it! Alexei hugs him: Thanks buddy! Jodie: Cooper and I created the solo for the last act, can we show it to them Coop? Cooper: Of course! Sergey watch closely! Sergey: Yep! Cooper and Jodie show them the pas de deux Maureen: I don't know what to say! Cooper: That bad? Oh, I should have don't one the pirouette at the end is too much, right? Maureen: Cooper shut up you are a genius the people will love it! Sergey: Baryshnikov would be proud of that! Cooper blushes: Hey I am not that good; I just tried things here and there... Sergey: Let me try it, Jodie? Jodie: At your service! Dancing Cooper: That looks good to me! Sergey: Well let's see how good it looks on ice! I mean the people will love the mixture of it! I hope we will be able to switch quick enough between figure skates and ballet shoes. Tara: You will and you are great, may I show you something I prepared for you guys? Cooper: I am all ears. Tara stands up and starts spinning and dancing in the studio after the she finishes Cooper leaps up and hugs her! Tara: Hey, everything ok? Hey let me breathe, I am a tiny person and I am breakable, I am really stop shaking me, outch! Cooper: Oh yes, you are the best that was nearly the exact same vision I had, with lights and in front of the Rockefeller Center it will be so perfect! You are so fantastic, I love you Tara you are amazing! Tara: Thank you! Cooper: My god, this is like a dream, I mean in front of the Rockefeller Center, the Christmas tree and Tara dancing and spinning on ice, you guys dancing your heart out as dancers, the mixture between dancers and skaters will be, that will blow of peoples mind. We will exceed everyone's expectation. We will be the best and Jonathan will be furious! Jodie: Hey Cooper, calm down you know we aren't there yet but this will be good, we have a plan and we will do it. Cooper: I know, I know but Alexei: We are team, you are the boss but this is teamwork, we are working our butts off for you, understood? So go back, write and help us to make the best piece of ballet the world has ever seen. Cooper: I will and the ABA will cry and they will hate us. Maureen: Cooper! You said we would keep it professional. Cooper: Oh well you all know what I mean and I don't care. Jim comes in followed by his best friend Matt Jim: Hey everybody, its good to see you. I hope we aren't disturbing? Maureen: Jim, hey it's so good to see you! Jim: Hey sweetheart, look who I brought for you guys. Maureen: Matt, he could convince you to be part of this? I am impressed. Matt: Of course, being a med student doesn't mean you can't have any fun, I already organized everything from the clinic and called one of dads contractors so they will help us to built all the wooden stuff and I secured the Rockefeller Center when I realized it wasn't booked yet. Cooper: Shi...mmmm I forgot to do that and this is and Matt laughs: I hope that was ok, I know I shouldn't have its your company but, I heard a few things here and there and I knew it would be a hard thing to do anyway. Maureen you know how big my parents are into art and Cooper I enjoyed watching you several times from our own balcony at the Lincoln Center. Cooper: Balcony, Lincoln Center? Stop, how could you secure the Rockefeller Centre? Matt looks guilty just realizing that now he has to tell him the truth. Cooper: Why as a simple med student did you have the opportunity to watch me when you were like 10? Matt looks even guiltier, he knows he has to tell him Matt: I am, my Cooper takes a deep breath Cooper: Who are your parents? I mean securing the Rockefeller Center like booking a table at a simple restaurant, having your own spot at the Lincoln, I have met them, I have met your parents, but who, did I meet you, I really can't remember, should I? Cooper looks at him trying to find out who he is and Matt's answers his thoughts! Matt laughs to relieve him: My parents are Valerie and Paul Vanderbuilt. Cooper spills out his latte onto Tara's shirt Tara: Hey you idiot dumb boy, oh boss, oh I am sorry, I didn't mean it that particular way but spilled your latte into my Cooper: You, your parents are, your mother... Cooper blushes more than ever and mumbles something Jodie looks at him and smiles and realizes this is something Cooper is afraid of telling her, a woman from the past, he really cares and with that Jodie: Cooper, what did you, do I have to be jealous? Matt laughs: Mom already told me so don't worry, she is a huge fan of your work and normally supports the ABA and I know she had a flirt with you when my dad was thinking of divorcing her don't worry really, calm down and relax I know it all. Anyway by coincidence I met Jim and he told me Maureen's story and I thought that Jonathan was crazy because Maureen looks good, sick on the pictures I saw of her and she isn't fat at all now I couldn't imagine that she was slimmer at one time, if I hadn't seen the pictures of her before I mean look at her, she is a great healthy looking girl. Maureen: Thank you Matt, I really appreciate that coming from you! Jim: Matt Matt: Hey buddy no worries, I admire you for having a girl like her and let me continue after you told me what you are planning I convinced them otherwise. I convinced my parents to sponsor you Cooper instead of the ABA this year! Cooper: You are really wow I don't know what to say I am overwhelmed, I am really Matt: Well there is a catch! Cooper: Anything! I ll do anything really because this helps a lot and I don't need to look for other sponsor and I will be able to fully concentrate on my job as a choreographer because I know that Valerie will do everything for us, she loves to get involved in every detail. Matt: Good! J Here is the catch: I promised her in advance she gets tickets to every show and a backstage pass and that you dance for free at the next fundraiser she organizes because that will make her happy believe me and money isn't really everything if it's for a good cause. Cooper: Tell her she gets a personal Jodie: Cooper Sergey: Ill do that Matt: I ll tell her, thank god my parents are married for over 20 years now. Cooper: This will be fantastic and my god another one of my problems solved. I will drag the ABA into the ground. This will be the best thing I ever Matt: Of course it will be, because Jim and I were watching a few minutes and mom dragged me into many ballets this is different, this is something the people will love, the people can related to, that people will think is new and fresh and... Cooper: I am going to make some calls. Tara: I ll get us running! Matt: Can I train with you? Cooper who just had another sip of a bottle of water this time nearly Tara: Don't do that again, I warn you, I just changed. Breathe and then swallow please just swallow it slowly... Cooper swallows the water and Tara smiles at him Tara: Well done boss! Matt: If you are asking then the answer is, I need to stay fit and my mother wanted a ballet dancer for a son. But I going be a doctor, a good one or I become a philanthropist like my parents continuing their dreams, my brother Paul will overtake the family business and mom I think she is ok with the doctor. Cooper: That explains it all, it really does, I think you enrolled in one of the ABA courses once when you were younger. Well you can train with us, studio is big enough but stop at the right time. These guys are professionals and Matt: Don't worry Tara gives him a big smile Tara: Good, training starts people so let's go![Chapter 5] 4 hours later at the Ice Rink Cooper: I need more helpers to change the sets, its too Jim: We ll get more don't worry, we have it under control. Matt: Exactly, my I kind of Cooper: Valerie, it's so good to see you again! Valerie: The pleasure is mutual Cooper Valerie and Cooper embrace each other with a kiss on each cheek. Cooper: May I present my girlfriend to you? Jodie Sawyer Valeries smiles brightens: I am so delighted, you are going to be the next big star I hope I am allowed to watch your work and Jodie: I Cooper: Valerie? This is hard work and Valerie: I will be quiet but seeing you guys do what you re doing, this was my dream when I was a child once, as a young girl. Now I am old, have two brilliant sons myself but watching you guys do that I feel part of it and Jodie is a star in rising and Jodie: Thank you but that's Valerie: Don't underestimate yourself, I told that Jonathan once but the reason you aren't with the ABA is Katherine, you would have taken away her throne and after I heard what happened to Maureen I had to support you guys. Jodie hugs her: Thank you! Valerie: You re welcome! Jodie: Cooper, let Ms Vanderbilt watch. Cooper: Ok but Val Valerie: Yes? Cooper: No talking and no phones! Valerie: If I need to make a call I am going outside. Matt already introduced me to Adriana I am going to help her with marketing, advertising and clothing. You know how good I am in schmoozing people. Cooper: Great, more women and yes I know that! Valerie watches Tara talking to Matt and starts smiling, she knows something is going on. Jodie: Is everything alright? Valerie: I think I am getting a gold medallist as a daughter in law! Cooper: Valerie, they just talk. Jodie: She is right don't you see? Cooper: How, you too are freaking me out. Valerie: They have the same chemistry like you and Jodie and Paul and I. Cooper: Women! Jodie gives him a shove into his right arm. Cooper: Outch! Valerie: You deserved that as a man! Sorry Cooper! Cooper: Maybe. Stay here Val, training starts again! People let's move, pause is over we don't have much time! Matt and Valerie start watching the training Valerie: He is a genius, always was as a dancer and now as choreographer. Matt: He is, that is the first ballet I will really enjoy watching because it's still a ballet not a musical but it has this energy. Valerie: Jodie is fantastic in it, she is the next star of the scene, she is what this genre needs and Cooper, he tries something new and innovative and he is sexy and people love him, especially women and I Matt: Mother... Valerie: Hey even I grew up, I love your father but I can admire Coopers work, cant I son? Matt: You can and Tara, see that will be last scene, she is spinning and spinning and, with the right light and costumes, people will go crazy. Valerie: They will, you couldn't have booked a better spot, the Rockefeller Center, I mean it wasn't my idea but you booked it, great job, believe I am organizing first class publicity for them although I am not sure they need it. Matt: What about the ABA? You supported them for quite a while, they won't be happy about that. Valerie: Jonathan is still a friend but I heard things I can't tell you, maybe after everything is over but at the moment these guys need to concentrate and Tara is a nice girl. Matt: I know and people loved her at 16. Valerie: And you? Matt: Time mother, I just met her. Valerie: Thank god I only wanted a ballet dancer and not a figure skater. Matt: Well Cooper was impressed this morning, is that ok with you? Valerie: You will be the only doc I trust in the future, ok? Matt hugs his mother Valerie: Love you but you know what? Matt: What? Valerie: I am happy that I didn't decide to become a real dancer because that is a lot of work and Cooper is a perfectionist and I would never have met his standards, in my heart I am too lazy for all that stress and I think most the women who admire dancing especially ballet think that. Matt laughs: I love you mom for telling me the truth. On the ice Tara exhausted: And? Cooper: Spinning is great but more passion, be a bit more sensible, the jumps are great but more energy and elegance! Tara: More Michelle, more Katharina and more Sasha I am trying, got that boss! Cooper: But triples are staying in don't you dare doing one triple less; I want that to be perfect! Tara: Of course, why should I leave out my signature! Cooper: Good Tara skates again and tries to convey the things Cooper told her to do, she knows it's true and gives it her best. Cooper: Jodie, I really love you but you have to concentrate more, focus look at Tara. Jodie: I am not a figure skater Cooper, this is the first time I am doing that professionally Cooper: Well, now you are a figure skater so try harder! Jodie sticks out her tongue but know he is right. Sergey: Come on I ll train with you, he is in a bad mood! Jodie: Thanks! Cooper: Yes, just train together maybe you get better. Cooper and Jodie are skating to a different corner Sergey whispers: Don't let it get to you, you know how he is. Jodie: I know, I also know that he will kiss me tonight and all will be forgotten he just want this to be perfect so let me hate him for a few hours before I kiss him again. Sergey: I am impressed Ms Sawyer you have grown a lot during the last few weeks. Cooper, I think, Alexei? Alexei: Yes? Cooper: If you are that good and I have to admit I watched your Olympic long program in 2002 and on youtube again and again and I thought in my mind if this guy is that good and has it in him; why not try a quintuple for my audience, wouldn't that be great! Tara stops in the middle of her pirouette and Alexei looks at him with a puzzled and angry look. Alexei: Are you fucking out of your mind? These aren't the games, I like to live and I don't compete on any Olympic level anymore and there isn't a jury here where I have to fight for every point in the end this is a ballet competition and not a skating competition. I like my life and I don't want to break my neck nor something else, are you fucking crazy? I mean sorry boss, but that is really, you know Sergey overhearing that skates over Sergey: Cooper this is insane stop that! I mean do you know how hard it is to get your bottom up in the air. I mean sorry for the language but you didn't try that so far and its dangerous, really dangerous. Cooper: You are going to train with Jodie so shut up, skate away, Alexei I know you can do it, I know it in my bones just try it and fight for it. You already know the other stuff, you are exceptional and I ll help you with the ballet lessons, help you don't need help but please try, do it for us. Tara: It is risky and ill, tell you what boss? Cooper: Yes? Tara: I am doing a quadruple at the end and then I am going to spin, spin for 5 minutes until everybody is on the ice dancing and the audience breaks into applause. Cooper: Sounds fantastic! But there is a catc Tara: I wasn't finished. Before I do that Alexei because you are so happy and thankful that I woke up you got Maureen you try the quintuple and you will land it, it is your jump to freedom, your jump of passion and joy and overwhelming love realizing you didn't kill a little girl. Alexei: Tara its sounds great and I get all the things you want the audience to feel but don't you encourage him; you know how hard that is, these things take months and I haven't even cleanly landed a quadruple only Eyegeni is able to do that flawlessly every time. Tara: Well come on, it's like a double for the others. Alexei: She is crazy guys and Cooper you are foolish to think we can do it. I am nearly sorry that I offered my help if I am now risking my health. Cooper: I know, but I wanna win and come on wouldn't it be perfect t to be the first figure skater to do this, putting an end to the dreams of Eyvgeni? Your rival? The one that stole one gold medal from you? The one that beat people thought he was more talented and more fun? Alexei: You know which buttons to press, always! I really want to Cooper smiling: Oh yes I do that is why I am the boss! Training continues and the crew later walks to Coopers apartment to train the ballet scenes. At the end of the training session Tara: Alexei, let's go! Alexei: I am tiered, Tara Tara: Well I am as well. But when I think about it I am also refreshed and happy, I thought about it the whole afternoon. Come on let s at least try it. Wouldn't it be wonderful to be the first? Imagine the jump would be named after you. Every time an athlete does it your name would be mentioned, every time in every competition like the Biellmann Pirouette... Alexei: You know a lot about male egos. Tara: No, but I know what it feels to be the youngest female athlete ever to win a gold medal, it isn't Sonja Heni anymore, its Tara Lipinski and I don't doubt that somebody will ever be younger because they will increase the age to 16. Alexei grins, his bones hurt but he knows that this is nothing compared to the weeks he spend training for his Olympic Gold medal Alexei gives in: Ok, let s go, Cooper? Cooper: Yes? Tara: We are leaving Cooper: But training isn't over yet, you Tara: We are trying it and we need to quiet for the day! Alexei: Please? Cooper smiles: Go! Make my dream come true or at least try it. I love you guys! Tara and Alexei are leaving the studio Cooper: If they are really able to do that, I am the, I mean Sergey: They told you they try and it takes normally time, loads of time to add one more spin Cooper: They both won gold, they will make it. Tara wants that more than anything so I have faith. My god this is getting better and better and better. Sergey: Can we Cooper: If you continue the sentence its 100 more Sergey: You are a bloody perfectionist boss! Cooper: True but I am also the guy who gets your name into the papers making you to one of the best dancers in the world. I am going to make you and Jodie into a stars, stars that the people will recognize in the streets. You are going to be more than ballet dancers. Sergey: You are probably right, you can do that. Cooper: If you leave, you re dead! Sergey: Would never dream to do that. Where else would I find a boss that enjoys Vodka and Caviar as much as do? Cooper grinning: Well, I would be in for that later, just as an inspiration and we should try it with Cheddar or a light camembert? We needs grapes, I know the perfect place… All laughing Later that night at the ice ring Tara: We are alone and we promised to try it, so let's do that! Alexei: Why are we alone? I mean if something happens, nobody is able to help us? That is insane and I am not entirely sure if I should risk my life for this. I mean when I trained my jumps there were always trainers somewhere who could help, why risk it alone? Cooper should be here! Tara: Cooper? Alexei: Maybe not Cooper but Tara: We are the only ones that can do this and if something happens the other one is there and knows what to do! We know how to jump, we won because of the jumps, well I won because of my jumps and you because of your elegant dancing and skating style but you did it as well. Alexei: I lost to Evegeni because I was not Tara: Oh come on, in 2006 you didn't compete because you didn't saw the need, you could have nailed him but you were too busy drinking! Alexei: Thanks for that and thanks but I learned, I drink less you know? Tara: True but still in for a good one but this time you know what is on stake here! Alexei: Yes, but a quintuple? I barely make a quadruple and don't forget I am not him. Tara: Hey I have to try a quadruple and I am only used to fire out triples and doubles and my ankles aren't what they used to be. Alexei: Then why are you encouraging us to do us? Tara grinning: Because they are better than before. These guys are ballet dancers that risk their careers to skate with us. At least Maureen and Jodie, I spent hours at the campus fitness club, I think I can do it, at least I have the physical strengths to do it, I am going to start, ok? Wanna see it? Come on, where is your power lazy Russian? Alexei: Ok, ok because we don't have much time, the night will be short, there is not many weeks left because it's the easiest one let try it with Tara: Toe loop? Come on, toe loop just for the beginning. Alexei nods because he thinks that he has no other choice otherwise this little lady would never stop nagging him. Alexei mumbles: Maybe she falls on her butt hard enough tonight so she gives up. Tara: Music! Alexei turns up the music and volume. He makes a face Kylie? 80s classics? Really? Tara: There is more 80s coming up and yes I cant concentrate with classic music if I have to jump, come in please... Alexei: Ok sweet American girl let's do that! Tara skates tries and falls on her butt Tara: Shit! Alexei grins: Come on, you need more speed... Tara tries it again but again it's only a triple. Alexei: Tara more speed! Tara: I know it was my crazy idea so I have to do it first! And show you that I am able to do it and that it can be done otherwise, I am, I can do that I have more power and strength than I used to have! Alexei: Exactly! Come on another time from the end of the left corner. All you need is speed! Tara: Ok, I ll try something, but just in case it doesn't work you call an ambulance meaning you dial 911 is that clear? Alexei: Crystal! Don't worry, try it, I saw enough American movies that I know what the emergency dial is you little devilish figure skating ballerina! Tara getting furious: I heard that! Tara takes up as much speed as she possibly can and leaps up in to the air whispering to herself: I am a spinning wheel, I am a woodpecker...She goes, one, two, three, and four thinking she is not down yet five and lands. Alexei's face looses its color; going pale and thinks he just dreamt that! He cant believe his eyes. Tara: I did it! I did it and landed it and I am sliding, I didn't break anything and I Alexei: You are one crazy chick you, well you are a superstar you did the quintuple that I was supposed to do! Tara: What? Alexei: Yes, you did it my god and holy Maria in heaven; you are the first woman not only doing a quadruple but a quintuple. That is incredible Tara you are the best! Tara: Well, I am, Kylie, I am Kylie and I am doing that again right now! Because I don't think that I did a quintuple! Alexei nods and Tara starts again this time with Rick Astley and she sings Tara: Never gonna give it up, never gonna let you down, never run and around and desert you, never gonna say goodbye, never gonna tell a lie and hurt you and I am Tara leaps up in the air smiling and counting: One, two, three, four and wow five landing! Alexei: Incredible, you did that again you had so much height that looked incredible! You would have gotten a perfect score from the judges for that! Tara: It felt amazingly great and my feet don't hurt, everything seems to be fine! That is good! Alexei: Perfect! Tara: Thanks now it's your turn, if I can do it you can do it as well. Alexei: Ok, my turn put the pressure on but you deserved the Gold medal more than I did Tara; I mean if you can do it that does not mean that I can do it. Tara skates to the end of the rink Tara: Shut up and move your lazy butt into the air, I am right here. Alexei: Hey you are not my trainer! Tara grinning: I am the first woman that blows off the audience with a quintuple! Tara is freaking out because she still cant believe what she just did. Alexei: Everything ok with you? Tara: Yes, yes I am pleased nobody realized it but I gained a few pounds in order to able to stand this training. Alexei: How much? Tara: 10 Alexei: All muscles Tara! Tara: Thank you now doooo it! Alexei starts skating and picks up speed[Chapter 6] The next morning at the ring, Tara can't wait to see Cooper Cooper: And? Tara: Well we trained tonight, could you play \"Never gonna give it up\" by Rick Astley and incorporate that into the ballet? Cooper: That is out of the question, why? Alexei: Do it for us, believe me you will want that to play over and over again! Cooper: I ll think about it but now show me what you got and why we start here that early and not in my studio. Tara starts and does a triple! Cooper: I saw that in 1996, nothing new! Tara, this is Alexei: Well she is has to warm up first boss! Cooper: Tell me, is she able to do it, I mean I thought you had one night but you could have had more, if you aren't ready I am not furious take you time but if you Alexei: We are figure skaters free from what we have to do but what we wanna do, ok? Cooper: Don't know what this exactly means but let's see and see what she is doing! Alexei: Now it comes! Sergey: Buddy, I am your friend but I don't think she is able to make it with just one night of training! Alexei: Just hold the camera buddy! Sergey: Ok but I don't think she is able to do it because I needed years to do triples and months to do classic pirouettes! Sergey holds the camera focused on Tara Tara jumps and starts: One, two, three, four and five...sliding and pirouette Biellmann...Tara stops smiles and screams : Tara: Did it! Cooper: Did I miscount or did she just do Alexei: She did my friend and it's hopefully all on camera Sergey! Sergey: Yes and she is Alexei: Better than the current world elite? Sergey nods Alexei: Oh yes she is, the girls might be thinking about quadruples but this girl just threw them a curveball. Sergey: Toe loop with 5, my god! Alexei: Wait until you see what I can do, hold the camera my friend. Alexei starts one toe loop to warm up and then he does: One, two, three, four, five sliding and one sitting pirouette, then he skates back to Cooper Alexei grinning: Satisfied boss? Tara: Satisfied boss? Cooper sits down on one of the chairs Cooper: I need a drink get me one, guys before Jodie comes in because I need a drink. I have to digest that what I just saw this is so faboulous I think I am going to cry, you are so amazing, I love you I just, thank you so much! Clapping from behind Cooper turns around and spots Valerie walking into the ice stadium Cooper: Valerie, what are you doing here? Valerie: I have my spy's; one spy told me that two dancers or should I say figure skaters were training here all night so I received a call when you arrived and what I saw it, this is amazing! Cooper: Yes it is! Valerie: This is world press news for the world of figure skating, they will freak out! They will hate Alexei and Tara and think its fake. Tara: I am commenting that and I am not competing anymore. I am done competing, being furious with the judges because they have their favourites, I won't do it anymore. Valerie: You don't have too, I promise! Tara: Good because I would never be able to stand that in a competition, I gained weight and muscles and I am having fun! Cooper: What are you so afraid off? Tara: Figure skating has changed, I know I can do it, it's fun, I eat, like Maureen I am healthy with a few pounds more. Alexei and I love doing it but for a jury where there is evidence that the Canadian Pair Salle/Pelletier lost in 2002 to the Russian because of some French judge that was bribed. Sorry, not doing that anymore. Alexei: Count me out as well. Valerie: I would never, ever ask you to do that but I will get you the publicity. To help the company raise enough money that lasts more than 20 years, would that be ok Tara and Alexei? Are you in for the company and not as single competitors? Tara: I think that is exactly what we would be in for. Alexei: 100% Cooper: How are you going to do that? Don't you think that this is too much? Don't promise things you cant keep Valerie. Valerie: Did I ever not keep my promise? Cooper shakes his head Valerie: See that is what I mean. At the moment I am selling tickets for money than you could ever imagine and don't forget, every company that competes is able to determine ticket prices for themselves. When I leak this to the press, the press tickets skyrockets, I ll get you my caterer and the entire world press art and sport believe me but first one thing. Tara: Yes? Valerie: Are you sure you can stand that after a 3 hour show? Alexei: Yes! Tara: Of course, when you know how it's done it's not luck anymore... Valerie hugs both: Perfect because guys now you got your own chaperone. Cooper: Valerie! Valerie: Hey I am the one enjoying every single minute, being aroused and fascinated to tears because of what you just did and because of your work Cooper, let me do what I can do best, ok? Cooper agrees, finally Maureen and Jodie arrive Jodie smiling: Good morning! Did we miss something? Valerie: Ask your boss, I am gonna leave now! I need to make some calls to the press and to the ISU and to a few other people. This is so incredible! Jodie: Tell me right now! Tara: I was able to land a quintuple as well or should I say I did that first? Alexei sticks out his tongue. Jodie: Wow that is amazing! Tara: Hey, now you have to do something amazing as a prima ballerina. Jodie laughs: I tried something at the studio and Cooper, I got a surprise for you as well. Cooper: Before we start training again guys, gather around please! Maureen: Boss? Cooper: Tara, Alexei and Jodie, Sergey and Maureen I wanna say thank you. Even if I scream today I want you to know Tara and Alexei what you did was amazing and perfect so thank you and ... Maureen: Thank you for saying that Cooper I think you motivated us enough to stand through everything, I mean after last night's training I took 3 hot showers and ate a bowl of spaghetti alone and I didn't feel guilty just fine. Woke up at 5, started training at 6 together with Jodie in the studio! I love it and I never loved it at the ABA! I wanna dance, I wanna be a girl that dances and that loves doing what she does because she can't live without it, not because its somebody else's dream but my own! Cooper: Thank you for saying that Maureen, that was very uplifting. Maureen: My pleasure, can we start again? Cooper: Of course. Cooper is startled because he never expected that much passion from either of his dancers and now becomes frightened if he is able to live up to their expectations as a trainer and choreographer. Later at the sorority house Tara: Oh god I am exhausted, Cooper is the best and worst, all in one person! Adriana laughs: Hey do you regret it? Tara: Oh no! I am doing what I love, what I am good at but everything without the negative stress. When I was an athlete competing, everything focused on me, I couldn't stand the pressure, now I am sharing that, pressure and the need to succeed, the pressure is on all the others and together it's much easier. Adriana: That's why you enjoy being in a sorority! Tara: Yes, am I Adriana: We learn a lot from you! Tara: Thanks, am I a bit too bossy? Adriana: At times but right now where is all this energy coming from Tara? I mean you didn't sleep more than 2 hours last week but you seem happier than ever. Tara: Didn't you listen about two secs ago? I am exhausted, I am in the need of food and drinks but this is my life, it always was. Adriana: There more, is it? I spoke to Matts mother Valerie, we are organizing the seating, the costumes will be made with the help of the Herrera family! Tara: Ade you have unlimited contacts that s fantastic! Adriana: Well, Val told me to tell you that you are invited to the family brunch on Sunday, is there anything I need to know? Tara: Maybe! Adriana: I am listening... Tara: Well Matt and I are texting and because we need so much stuff from the hospital. Adriana: Tell me, did you already kiss him? Tara: I did. Adriana: And? Tara: And it was like heaven and he is really fantastic in a lot of ways. I think I am in love but before the big day I won't start anything with him. Adriana: Cool, so you might become a part of one of the most important families that this country has! Tara: Hey not so fast, at the moment we are just dating ok? I need to stand the quintuple. Adriana: I heard and I couldn't believe it! Tara: Believe it, it's so much fun. Adriana: Everything ok with your ankles? Tara: Hey Matt asked me that already and yes it is. And hey for you that must be like a dream. I mean your mother if I remember right wanted you to have all these contacts and now Adriana: I know Matt from kindergarten, yes it is a very close community that is why Valerie and I get along that good. Tara: Its either you re in or out! Adriana: Yes, a bit like a club. Tara: Well I am just a girl from Phili! Adriana: Oh come on, don't be so modest. Tara laughs: Believe me I am not. What about you and Alexei? Adriana: Nothing, he didn't call and although when I see him there is something, I am not sure he is so dark and twisted. Tara: He needs time, I told you he isn't easy but with your way of understanding, don't give up. He needs somebody and now can I have a latte please? Adriana: Yes, do you think I could become the official manager of the company! Tara: I already spoke to Cooper and he thinks you are doing a great job and you re hired, without pay now, later when everything is on you get 3% after all expenses are paid. Adriana: Wow, Tara! Tara: You need staff and will work 24/7. Adriana: Why? Tara: Because if I land the quintuple and Alexei does and the show is successful you are managing a company plus a bunch of the best solo artists that means coordinating schedule, making everybody happy, keep us healthy, organize our private lives and so on. Adriana: But I will also attend the best parties in town and have lot of fun, at least I am trying, for me the sorority is the best that could ever happen! Tara: And for that reason, why don't you ask Zoey for help? Adriana: Why? Tara: Because parts of the designs were her idea, she is one of our best friends and she would be perfect for Sergey! Adriana: Tara don't start you matchmaking program again. Tara: Do you want Sergey? Adriana: Oh no... Tara: See! Knock Knock Tara: Knocking is for babies, whoever it is come in! Zoey comes in and Tara starts laughing Zoey: Hey Tara, here are a few of the new designs and I... Why are you guys laughing? Adriana: Because we just talked about you! Zoey: About me? Why? Tara: Because I think the company needs some help and I am sorry that I include everybody that much but I remember that your grades are pretty good and that you like to be around the guys and around people in general! Zoey: Of course, I am Cali girl. I love fun and parties. Tara: See and Adriana need some help in organizing the company. So what would you think if you help us with our training, get us lattes, get us home safely from parties and have a lot fun? Zoey: Like in California? Party hard, speak to the right people, making sure that everything is running smoothly? Adriana: Yes because I would be the one inviting the people and coordinating schedules but I am not the best in making people well that they have a good time! Zoey: Well you can learn that and accepted! Tara: Perfect![Chapter 7] At Coopers apartment Cooper: Jodie? Jodie: I am in the studio! Cooper: Its already 10pm, why don't you come and try out these new sheets with me? Jodie: Sounds tempting but I was waiting for you and in order to avoid becoming jealous because I wasn't able to reach you I thought why not train a bit. Cooper: You have changed! Jodie: Did I? Cooper: I have only 1 call on my phone and I couldn't answer it because I was in the Ice Center working with the guys. Jodie laughing: You need to oversee everything? Cooper: Yes and I drove over to the Rockefeller Center. Tiffany might sponsor us, which means you might have to wear some of their stuff. Jodie: Tiffany is sponsoring the ABA, Coop you know that! Cooper: Not anymore they are! Jodie: Wow, is that all really true? Cooper: Valerie told me that there is more but she wouldn't say it what it was before the big day. Otherwise I would freak out and kill Jonathan right away she told me so I don't know why we suddenly get the attention but I think wearing something from Tiffany could... Jodie: I get to wear something from Tiffany? Cooper: Yes! Jodie: May I choose something? Cooper: After the show for yourself? Jodie nods and her eyes light up Cooper: Yes! Jodie: Oh you are the best, best, best boyfriend a girl could ever get. Cooper whispering: You can even keep one piece if everything goes to plan! Jodie: What? Cooper: I really love you Jodie and I think that would be a good start buying you something you deserve. Jodie: Oh my god, you wonderful, you really mean that? Cooper: I have waited such a long time for you to say that and yes I mean it. Jodie: Well Cooper: Bed? Jodie smiling: Later Cooper: Why? Jodie: Wait and see, Tara inspired me, just watch me dance! Jodie is dancing a solo she created with the help of Maureen for the scene when she sees Sergey sitting on Tara bed and she doesn't know how to help. Cooper: Wow, this incredible, you guys killed me if I would have suggested something like that. Jodie: Can you work with me on the pas de deux? Cooper: Sure and the solo with a few exceptions it's in! Jodie: Part is Maureen's work, you have to give her credit as well! Cooper: I ll thank her for that. I owe Jim a lot. I think that he made her understand things in a different way. He gave her time to think, to heal and I am sorry Jodie but Maureen is doing a fantastic job as well. Jodie: We all do, do you see how great she is? I mean not just fantastic but super amazingly perfect, she is having fun. Do you see that? Cooper: Yes and you know what? I am grateful that the dancing world got her back because she always was so incredibly talented. Jodie: In addition she became a great person. Cooper: You, Tara and Maureen will rock that show! Jodie: Don't forget Sergey and Alexei! Cooper: Well they are both pretty amazing I just hope everything will go as planned. Jodie: Of course, don't doubt that a second. Cooper: Can we go to bed now? Jodie: Of course! Cooper drags Jodie into bed, laughing and kissing. The next morning at the Ice Center Tara: Boss, my I introduce Zoey to you? Cooper: Of course, hi nice to meet you. Are you a dancer? Zoey: No I am going to be Adriana's assistant but thanks for the compliment, a Cali girl can never get enough of those. Ready for a little party, tonight? Cooper: Of course, Cali girl, wow! Jodie: Coop! Cooper: Hey, my prima ballerina party tonight? Jodie: Sounds like great fun to me. Sergey comes in Zoey: Hi I am Zoey Sergey: I am Sergey, your Russian servant. Zoey laughs out loud and realizes immediately that this guy could be exactly her type. Sergey: Are you staying? Zoey: Yes, I need to see what you guys do, to attract a few people to this company, in order to throw a great party you need the right mix of people you know. Sergey: What about a few shots when I am only wearing this? Sergey drops his Jacket and shows his naked upper body Jodie: Sergey! Cooper: Actually, that's isn't that bad Jodie: Cooper! This is about dancing and not stripping... Cooper: No listen, we need a poster and with Sergey on the cover, you in a racy costume, that can be quite interesting. We need to attract people and need to draw attention with something spectacular and not something lame that Jonathan would. Posters are important and sex always sells. Jodie: Why me and not Tara or Alexei? Tara just comes in and answers her question : Tara: Because it's about you guys, not my comeback, or the skating, it's about the ballet, the competition and what Cooper is able to do with it. We are just the cherries on top of the cake; we are there to have fun. Alexei: Yep, that is exactly what we are having, fun! Tara: Wanna try if we can still do it? Alexei: Absolutely, Evgeni will be near tears when he sees that and that means for him Hasta la Vista next Gold medal! Tara: You bet! The two are back on ice trying the triples and routines including their big jumps. Cooper: They are fantastic and Zoey what are you doing with that camera? Hey, give me that, you can shoot Sergey but Zoey: Shooting the jumps exactly, nice action shots! Cooper: That is supposed to be a secret! Zoey: We are leaking a few things to the press, accidently of course. Ade already talked to Valerie, you need the right people in show in order to generate the publicity and buzz you need for the company. You want to sell your tickets do you? Cooper: Yes, of course and I wanna win. Zoey: Then let me do my job because you want the important judges that are open for this kind of experiment to be here and not the ones that I assume will hate it because its not a classic ballet! Cooper: Ok! Jodie: She is good, trust her. I think that she is right, if you get somebody like Jonathan as a judge we are going to lose, we need publicity, so much publicity that they can't ignore us... Cooper: She is good, Zoey you are good to go conspire with Valerie what choice do I have, I am just the dancer and choreographer of this thing. Jodie: Exactly everybody is working for you to make your dream come true. Cooper: My dream? Tara: Our dream, I mentioned that earlier but you did something that I thought I would never find again. Cooper: That is? Tara: Loving the sport. Maureen: Loving to dance. Tara: Wanting to do and not having to do it. Maureen: Feeling it. Tara: Enjoying it. The girls are gliding on the ice, music is starting and the group starts to practice the play. Cooper is impressed and so is Zoey. Valerie: Cooper, you are a revolutionary. Cooper: Am I? Valerie: Yes and you know it. Cooper: You know I started this with nothing but an idea. A few college students and help would have been fine as well, this is so getting out of hand. Valerie: Don't worry, you are not getting any of my contractors but this is it, this is you. Hey you know what its like you dance for that ABA. My god, Tara wasn't this good even when she was still a figure skater. Cooper: She is amazing, normally at that stage you have to do loads of work but it's even more than I ever imagined even now, I hope everything will be ready one time. I mean we can sew costumes last minutes but change choreography midway? But it has to be done and yes they are giving their best but Valerie: Don't tell them. Cooper: Don't let Matt take Tara away from the public again, ok? Valerie: He won't, in the way you do it she will never stop, that is her life. Cooper: What is so different about me? Why is everybody telling me that the people love to work for me because I am different? I am terrible? I am changing my mind the whole time, I am screaming at them and I am loosing my temper. Valerie: Cooper, somewhere deep down you discovered that you have a heart and that your dancers are human beings. Jonathan is missing that. You have 3 beautiful women there on ice although you are in love with the blonde girl you treat everybody with the same level of dedication and respect. Cooper: Yes but as that s normal and is that so obvious that I am in love with Jodie? Valerie: Yes! Everyone sees that she is brilliant. But you would never prefer her over the others when she didn't deserve it that is the difference between you and Jonathan. Jonathan gave Katherine everything she wanted although she didn't deserved it all the time, nobody knows that better than you do. Cooper: Yes, yes that is true but they are so beautiful, they are training so hard, I could never have asked for more, I mean they are realizing everything I dreamed of and do it even better. Valerie: Yes they are, I am so touched by Maureen's performance I saw earlier. Before her breakdown she was good but she was never, everything seemed hard for her before, now every move seems effortless and she smiles, she smiles a lot. Cooper: Was I the one? Valerie: She needed to be healthy first but yes, yes she is your work as well. Cooper: Am I a good coach? Valerie: How can you ask something like this when all I am doing is making you compliments? This will be great and yes you are, maybe even better than the dancer you were! Cooper: Thank you and I was a great dancer so I think that s not possible because I used to be the best! Valerie laughs and welcomes the team back at the boards to talk to Cooper receiving his feedback. Tara: And? Cooper: You guys make my day however, your arms Tara: Oh you saw that damn it. Cooper: Of course I did but I also that you are having an amazing time and that is important. Maureen: Can I have something to eat? Cooper: Yes, I ll see you guys in the studio in 2 hours. Tara: What about, I have to... Cooper: This is a ballet don't forget that and I am the boss you said so yourself. Tara: Ok... 10 minutes later the group is sitting at Burger King Maureen: Wow, back at the ABA I would have eaten that and later Jodie: Used the bathroom. Maureen: Exactly but now Jodie: Now this little cheeseburger is helping me to survive the afternoon, The girls are laughing Tara: Milkshake? Maureen: Yes, a strawberry and the brownie as a dessert. Jodie: Count me in as well! I know that Cooper will have changed something, he worked on it all night. Outside Eva and Eric are passing by Eva: What are they doing at a fast food restaurant? Who are the others? Eric: I don't know but stuffing in that kind of food, they must be desperate. Eva: Yes and Jonathan told me that my pliée was so good today. Eric: Yes it was! Eva looks at them Eva: Jodie and I used to be friends. We all used to be friends... Eric: Yes, I know. I miss them sometimes as well but that life. Sometimes you lose people to meet new ones. Both stop and linger a second longer Eric: Should we go in? Say hello? I mean Eva: No, I think you were right. Eric: We are Eva: They look like they are having fun, I hadn't fun in ages. Eric: They do, come on girl we have to go. Don't be sad, the play will be great. Eva: Yes, yes but for some reason I believe Cooper is pulling off something like he did at the workshop. Eric: No, this is too important to risk something like it; he is going to follow the rules this time. He is going to behave. Eva: Maybe you are right but I doubt that in the end he is Cooper Nielson. 10 minutes later at Macy s department store Jodie: So Sergey: So we should work on the accessories we use, we need all kinds of probs and Zoey told me that we should chose them to test if we can dance with them. Tara: Nice, I am having the bed the whole time, not much I can test. Sergey: That is not true! Tara: Oh yes it is, all I want is to have nice sheets. Ralph Lauren Egyptian Cotton at least 1000 threads per inch. Sergey: Get a grip Tara, they are just sheets. Tara: Jodie, a little help here? Jodie: Hey Sergey she is right; she has to lie there and feel comfortable at the same time. Sergey: We need Adriana for that. Tara: No we don't, we need Zoey and you said so yourself we can decide what we want. Sergey smiles: Good then get the sheets, what else? Tara: I need a bike to train on. Jodie: Cooper has one, Tara: I didn't mean his motorcycle. Jodie laughs: You know he takes a real bike whenever he can; the motorcycle is just for fun. Tara: Really? Jodie: Yes, he is so afraid that one of you guys could get sick that he is even Sergey: Don't tell me that he is learning my part and Jodie nods Alexei: He is crazy, he is never able to do the jumps! Jodie: He is crazy but he is afraid as well. Alexei: And he can bet his ass that even if I am sick I am doing that. And what should happen to us? Maureen: He is right, we are eating healthy, feeling good. We can do this. Jodie: Yes, so we need a nice little pink bike for Tara, two cars, lots of glitter for the party, a disco ball, a dj, a theme for the party Tara: That is back to the 80s, Cooper already agreed to that because I can incorporated a lot of Kylie with that. Jodie: Ok, we need the costumes fitted. Tara: We are working on that, the girls are pretty good. Jodie: Fake punch and unbreakable glasses, chairs Tara: We need a massive crew of helpers Jodie: You are the sorority girl, your part. Tara: I know, I am on it and coordinate that with Matt and Adriana and Zoey of course. Jodie: Best thing would be if Cooper talks Adriana through the play and then she will scribble everything down and we just add things. Tara: I think that is a good idea, with additions from Zoey we shouldn't be worry too much. Jodie: True, Tara we need people that help us in and out of costumes. Tara: I am working on that as well. Jodie: We should try that, because I know that I can switch costumes, but from ballet shoes into skates? Tara: Let's try how long that takes tomorrow. Jodie: Take into consideration that we are beginners. Tara: On the way to become pros. don't worry Jodie, we will be great! Jodie: I want to win the competition. Tara: I want to win as well, showing everybody who the real Tara is, that I am not dead yet that that besides once fighting for my own good, I can win with a team as well so don't worry this is going to work out! At the sorority house Zoey: Sergey is great! What a man! Adriana: Happy to hear that! Zoey: When are you meeting with Cooper? Adriana: Later at the studio, it would be great if you could come as well. Do you have any questions so far? Zoey: No dont worry, all papers that were due are done. Didn't do it last minute for the first time in my life! Adriana: Great because I think that in terms of accessories and having a great time nobody is better than you are. Zoey: Thank, I try my best.[Chapter 8] 7 weeks later, its the day of the premiere, expectations are high Cooper just had a talk with his team and is now sitting in the audience with Valerie. Cooper: I am ridiculously nervous. I am so not being able to control myself, I mean, I should go back and try to help. Valerie: No! We agreed not to do this. Ade is in the back helping, the dancers are healthy and Cooper: But this is it and I can maybe I should change, one jump if Jodie Valerie: We have a great team working behind the scenes. We have make-up artists and dressers that are normally doing fashion shows so they know what they are doing. Stay here, there is nothing you can do other than make everybody more nervous. Cooper: But Valerie: If you were I a dancer I would agree, but this is your work, just sit there and enjoy it. Everybody that needs to be here is here. Cooper: I cant, I am nervous, I am not myself, Valerie what have I done to deserve this? Valerie: Why? Cooper: Why what? Valerie: Why are you freaking out? Cooper: Because this is it! This is my baby, I am what if something happens to Tara or Alexei? Then its all my fault. Valerie: Is it because Jonathan said that you are a clown in the press? That this isn't ballet but just a cool show but that Baryshnikov would not agree with it? Is that why you wont calm down and start to enjoy what you created? Cooper nods, his head is feeling fuzzy and he isn't able to focus Valerie: Jonathan is just jealous. Trust your people, they are in for it and Valerie takes his hand Valerie: Look there, up on the balcony, look he is here. Cooper freezes: He, he is not Valerie: I invited him, when this is over, you can ask him yourself. Ask him what he thinks of this ballet. Cooper: I don't know, how could you do this to me? Valerie: Calm down. I knew it would mean the world to you if he came. Cooper: Only if he likes it. Curtain is up and now I can't change a thing, I am going down the judges will hate it, I should have played it safe. At the ice whispering during the break Tara: Alexei? Alexei: You are supposed to focus and concentrate. What do you want from me Tara? Tara: I am doing a combination at the end. Alexei: Out of what? Tara: 5/4/3 Alexei: Are you out of your mind? Tara: No, just wanted to warn you that I am doing that on the end. Alexei: What are you doing at the end? Tara: Jumping 5/4/3 and a Biellmann if you want me. Alexei: That isn't possible! Nobody has ever done that, even you in training. Why risk the big surprise? Tara: I am a flee, I am able to do it so see for yourself, I am full of adrenaline, I know I can do this is better than the games so watch me, this is the big finale... Alexei: You know I am not doing it! Tara: Why? Alexei: Barishnikov is in the audience. Tara smiling: That is why I am doing it! Alexei: But Tara: I am the youngest gold medallist in figure skating in the world. So far the show is going great, I know I can do it. Alexei: But then Tara: Its your decision. We are the figure skaters, the others are the dancers and we are both fighters besides next to Mikhail, have you seen who is sitting next to him? Alexei: Who? Tara: Denise Biellmann! Alexei: Ok, fine! Down in the audience Valerie: Drink that! Cooper: No, thank you. Alcohol will only make me Valerie: Champagne is not alcohol and it calms you down. Don't think I remember that. Cooper: Thanks. What is Tara doing? Valerie: Why do you think that she is doing something crazy?! Come on everything so far is going great, the audience loves it, and the atmosphere is great why do you think she is going something crazy? Cooper: She is not, I know how somebody looks that is about to do more than they should be doing. I have been there. Valerie: Matt is on standby don't worry. Relax Cooper. Cooper: But I am, I have to, I would rather have it that she plays it safe then that she lands on her butt. Valerie: No you wouldn't you were never that type of dancer. Cooper laughing for the first time that evening: Cooper: True, as I dancer, I never played it safe. Valerie: That is why they loved you and there is nothing you can do, everything went great so far now that is the big finale and you can't stop them. World Press is still here believe me I would have noticed if somebody important had left so don't worry, Alexei already stood one, I think nobody is expecting Tara to do something similar they are still amazed and in awe. Cooper: Does she want to outshine him? Valerie: No, she just wants to be better, the best female figure skater ever and that is the reason why she won gold at the end. On the ice There is music and everybody is having a great time, Tara is about to wake up from her coma Tara whispering to herself: I can do it! Tara jumps up and she does it: 5/4ups ok/3 and Biellmann. The audience is out of their minds and screams In the audience Jonathan to Katherine: This is supposed to be a ballet and not a figure skating contest. On the ice Alexei: Ok, here it comes... Alexei jumps doing the same thing and the people can't believe what is happening in front of their eyes. Tara smiling: See! Alexei: We are the best. Tara: Isn't a problem without figure skating judges that can be bribed, let's do an encore. Tara is jumping right into the sky with a quadruple axle Alexei: Well I can do that as well... To the music of Queen \"We are the champions\" he jumps in the air and does a quintuple Salcho Cooper: I do not believe it after such a show they are just jumping, firing them out as if the whole thing would be nothing. Unbelievable! Valerie: That is what they love doing, that is fun for them! And Jodie look at her, there dancing on the wow, I she is a star. Cooper: I don't know where to look first. Valerie: And neither does the audience and that is why people will love it. Because this is a play that you have to see more than once not because you don't understand it but because its so much fun and because there is so much to see. Commentators: What these two skaters are doing is amazing, it's more than anyone could ever hoped they would be able to achieve, they are flying over the ice and I don't know, seeing this in a ballet... This ballet is fantastic, Jodie Sawyer better than Katherine Donahue ever was. Jodie has the fire paired with elegance and perfection and with Maureen Cummings back, I don't know where to start. Cooper Nilsson recreated the ballet like Balanchine did back in the days. This is a historical moment ladies and gentleman. In the audience Cooper: I am proud, I am in tears, this was so great and fantastic and the helpers and the everything worked exactly like a planned it. Valerie: What you created was worth everything over the last few weeks. Cooper: Without your help this would have been... Valerie: Good as well, fantastic and great and the same thing, only that the girls are wearing Tiffany and a few nicer dresses now. Cooper: The atmosphere is so fantastic, the Christmas tree, the Rockefeller Centre, this is unreal. Valerie: The people will remember that forever, this is a fairytale come true. Cooper looks at her Valerie: After the show, you should put a ring on her hand. Cooper: What? Are you Valerie: Ask Jodie to marry you. Cooper: I am not sure if Valerie: Do you wanna loose her again? Loose her because she is afraid to loose you? Loose you to another woman because you are not handle the success and stress? Cooper, you are ready for this believe me. Cooper: No I am not, everybody just think I am but Valerie: I know that Maureen and Jim are engaged and Matt will ask Tara on Christmas Eve, I helped to pick out the ring. Cooper: But I don't Valerie: She deserves it, look at her, Cooper. Cooper: She is the best, she always was and I regret what I did. Valerie: Then at the end of the evening: Go and get your girl. Cooper starts smiling: I ll do that but I don't have a ring. Valerie laughs: Then I am asking Tiffany to open the doors quickly after the show. Cooper: But that is impossible. Valerie: Are you going to propose to her? Cooper: Yes Valerie: Then don't worry this will be your night. Cooper: I am Valerie: They want you on stage, go up now! Cooper: Valerie? Valerie: What? Cooper: What if we didn't win? Valerie: I think you did and if not, the audience loves you, this will be a success even if you didn't win the competition. Cooper you did it, first curtain; the guys are waiting for you. Cooper: But I am, you told me Valerie: You are the sorcerer, no go down and hug your crew, its over, you can go they want you. Cooper gets up and walks to the stage not realizing what just happened he is still in his bubble. On stage Tara: I am the best ! I was great, fantastic, I am not from this world. I mean what was I thinking? Did I really do that? Jodie: Yes, you did it! Tara: We did it, wow, you guys we all did it and nobody fell and we, the audience, they this is all Alexei: Yes we did it! Tara you are crazy but we did it. Tara: I am crazy I know that, my god I could have broken every single bone in my body. Alexei: Yes but nothing happened! Maureen: I never felt better in my life; this is how I always wanted to dance. Jodie: Look there is Cooper coming up the stairs! Tara storms forward: Boss! Boss I love you did you see what I did? Wasn't this… Cooper hugs Tara and everybody else before he looks at Jodie and kisses her. Cooper: You were never better. Jodie: I did this for you! Cooper: I know and I love you! Jodie looks at him because he is not realizing that this is the first time he said it. Curtain goes up again and all go out bowing over and over again with a never ending applause. Back at the dressing room Tara finds a bunch of red roses Tara: I think these are from Cooper, Jodie. Jodie: No, no Cooper wouldn't do something like that. Not today anyway. Let's just read the card: Hey they are for you, wow this is amazing. Tara: Really? Are they from Matt? Give me that card, let me read it: The inside of the card reads as follows: Tara, you are worthy to be my successor, let's work on a jump that will be named after you. Call me any time. Denise Jodie: That is unreal. Tara starts crying and is overjoyed. Tara: That is the perfect that is even better than my gold medal, she Jodie: I am so happy for you. Tara: Thank you, thank you so much. Do you think I should call her right now? Jodie: Call her tomorrow, I am right by your side and take Alexei with you, I guess he has found something similar in the boys dressing room. You guys did an amazing job especially you Tara. Tara: Yes but I couldn't have done without you. Tara is happy, she cant believe what just happened and hugs Jodie. Later at the official reception Many people already left and the group enjoys their success together, they celebrate their success. Mikhail: Cooper Nilsson? Cooper: Yes? Mikhail bows his head Mikhail: Congratulations. I am proud that somebody understood. Cooper whispering, stammering: Cooper: So, so you liked it? Cooper with tears running down his cheeks not believing that his idol just honoured him with a bow. Mikhail: Yes, I ll come to practise some time, I will be you humble student. Cooper: Yes that, I mean would be so, I am, I admire you so Mikhail nods and vanishes Jodie: Was that? Cooper: Yes. Alexei holding Adriana in his arms smiles Alexei: That was the great Mikhail, the master, the one that we all wanted to be, especially when you grew up in Russia. Cooper: Yes and he liked it and bowed I mean, I don't know this is incredible and surreal and I don't know if I deserve a bow from him. I am not Alexei: You know that you do, listen to me to us, to all of us. Because of you he bowed, he was impressed by what you created, it was your vision. It wasn't because of us understood? You made that happen. Cooper: But you deserve it more, I didn't jump, I didn't do the jumps and I didn't dance Alexei: I didn't win my gold medal because of the jumps; I won it because the choreography and the music, you can only win with grace and technique. Maureen is the best example for that. She was good at the ABA but got ill because something was missing, people thought she was cold when she danced and couldn't connect with her. Look at her now? That is your work! Maureen with Jim: Yes, yes it is Cooper. I found myself again when I began to heal, dancing with you brought me back to life. I had the perfect technique at the ABA but you, you Cooper brought out what I showed today and the people were ecstatic, the applause, I knew I was good, I felt good, it felt real and that is all because of you Cooper. Tara: Yes, you did that boss. It was your vision we just did what you asked us to do. Cooper: So I can be proud of myself? Jodie: Of course Cooper, this is your moment even if you didn't dance this time. Cooper: So I can take the honour of a bow from Mikhail. Sergey: Of course Cooper. You deserved that, you were a great dancer and now you are a great choreographer. Cooper: Thank you Tara: Wait, before you go, Cooper. You know that Denise Biellmann was in the audience as well. Cooper: I didn't Tara: She invited me to train with her and to help me invent a jump that can be named after me. Cooper: Wow, I am so happy for you and Alexei: I found a similar card in my dressing room only that it was from Kurt Browning. The first man who ever landed a clean quadruple. Cooper: Congratulations. Alexei: Thank you, you don't know how much this means to me. Cooper: I do. Wow I think we all really did it. Let's celebrate I booked us a room somewhere private. Sergey: Where? Cooper: Home! Sergey: Home? What do you mean by home? Cooper: Let's go to the studio, don't worry you don't have to dance, I just thought, you ll see. At Coopers studio There are candles, a long table and food everywhere. Cooper: This is for you guys. Our own private celebration after all that happened and the success we had tonight, I don't know if we won but we gave our best. Tara: Wow, this looks amazing! Jodie: This is incredible, wow Cooper that is so wonderful. Cooper is nervous, she knows that this is his only chance, this is perfect and he knows he needs the support from his dancers. Cooper: Can you please sit down, I need witnesses. Jodie: Witnesses for what? Cooper: Would everybody besides Jodie please sit down? Jodie: What are you doing? There is music and Cooper goes down on one knee opening a box Cooper: In front of our family I would like you Jodie Sawyer to do me the honour on this day and ask you if you would consider marrying me? Sergey whispers: Consider? Zoey: Shsshs, spoiling the moment! Jodie: I Maureen: Come on, the answer is pretty easy, Jodie he loves you. Tara: The boss changed Jodie. Sergey: Just say yes. Jodie looks at him, she knows that this is what she wants and she will never be able to let him go. Jodie: Yes and I love you too. They kiss and Cooper puts a pear-shaped diamond on her hand. All are clapping an congratulating the newly engaged couple. Alexei: Perfect, now let's eat! Maureen: Wow, chocolate cake, oh I am finally able to enjoy that. Cooper: Training starts in two days again and you know you ll Jim: Is the training really that hard? I mean come on. Matt, what is it really like? Matt: Buddy, training is hell, I attended that once and I gave up after 20 minutes and you ll know that normally, I can stand 60 minutes in a spinning class. Cooper training however, its insane. Jim: Can I watch some time? Cooper: Only if you try to keep up. Jim: But I can't dance. Tara laughing: Do you really think we dance the whole time? Maureen didn't you educate him? Maureen: Well I think he overheard that. Tara laughs: Understandable when you come home after hours of dancing. Jim dancing is just a part of it. But there is a gym downstairs and we spent at least 2 hours there. Cardio, stretching and weights. Otherwise I wouldn't be able to do stand any of my jumps or dance for more than 4 hours in a show. Sergey: And believe me we don't only train classical ballet, that is just 2 hours of the day. We also do modern dance, step, it's a whole variety and I think that is what we love, why we joined this company and what makes this it so unique. Jodie: It's an experiment but tonight it worked and we will continue to do so and reinvent ballet, dancing because we are all dancers and nobody of us would every sing. Laughing Alexei: We are dancers and in contrary to Jonathan we think that every move is a dancing move and so we can use it in our way, if its on ice, in the studio or on roller blades. Jim: Wow, I never saw it that way. You are athletes but why, I mean you are not looking like the bodybuilders. Alexei grins: Stretching and technique that is all it takes but now you know why we need the calories. Jim: Yep, so when you are in the gym, can I join? Maureen: Yes, but only occasionally. Cooper: Yep because otherwise its company only. Jim: I think I can accept that. Cooper: You have to and I am a bit worried that when I scream at Maureen you wont Jim: You scream at Maureen calming him down Maureen: He is rude to everybody that is an essential part of him. He screams and we get better, afterwards we are having a beer, that's how it works and that is why I am here dancing for Cooper and not for Jonathan. It's the camaraderie that I have experienced not only with you guys but also with the others. Everybody nods Cooper: Do you think we won the competition? ","Summary":" Another end to: Center Stage The cold New York fall winds are blowing into the ballet studio. Jodie"},{"Movie":"The Mask","Title":"TRAVIS AND THE MASK","Author":"Electrodude95","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12429215","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Prologue Long ago 4th century AD there was a god of fire and mischief named Loki he played tricks on his family and and the mortals he thought it was funny but they didn't so one day he made a mask and put some of his power into it and whoever wore it became a god themselves he threw the mask from the heavens and let the mortals wear it and cause havoc themselves he was laughing but when his father Odin found out he was not pleased so Odin had enough and sealed his son within the mask and buried it on earth hoping it would never be seen again. Chapter 01 Present day it was April 30th 2017 travis was came home from work to find a package at his door step with his name on it he didn't remember if he ordered anything and his wife and kids didn't tell him they're receiving a package so he picked it up and put it on the kitchen table he put his briefcase away and had changed into something more comfortable. He went to the kitchen and made himself something to eat because he forgot his lunch that day and was really hungry he made a snack and sat at the table by the package and started to open it inside of the box was a letter and bubble wrap he opened the letter and it said: Travis I have had my eye on you for a while and thought this gift was best in your hands so use it wisely FROM anonymous. He took away the bubble wrap and saw a green wooden mask he thought it looked weird he wanted to throw it away but the mask was drawing him in he turned it around and a green glow came from it he put it near his face and it clasped on he pulled it away and was freaked out and curious at what it was doing so he put it to his face and wrapped around his head he tried to get it off but couldn't he was screaming in terror he fell on his knees and he was screaming GET IT OFF GET IT OFF GET IT OFF no one was there to hear his screams then he spun around like a mini tornado knocking the table and chairs there was the sound of lightning during the sunny day and lightning in the tornado like it was hitting him. Then the tornado stopped he was in a yellow zoot suit and he said what's this strange power serging through my body he went into the bathroom and looked at the mirror and screamed and said ahhh who is that then he waved his hand in front of the mirror and looked at his hands and said that's me amazed at what happen he looked what he was wearing he looked inside one of the suits pockets and pulled out a mallet he was shocked and he thought to himself hmmmm I wonder then he hit himself with the hammer like in the cartoons then fell to the ground. He saw stars and birds like in the cartoons and said wow that didn't hurt I wonder what else I can do with my new abilities while he was finding things he could hurt himself with there is a hooded figure looking into the house and the hooded figure says to himself good now that he has the mask I'll be able to do things with him to take over the town but for now I'll let him have his fun with a wide evil grin.[Chapter 2] After 5 minutes of smashing plates,hammers and whatever else he could find to smash across his head, travis mask saw something at the corner of his eye, he turned around and it was the hooded figure travis mask asked the man what he was doing inside his house and how he got in, while he got a big pistol from his pocket and said to late then this Big Bang goes off, the room full of smoke and travis mask on the floor laughing travis mask said to the hooded figure \"hahaha you should've seen your face you were scared\" the hooded figure pretended to laugh and looked at the ground and saw one of those prop guns where a flag pops out at says bang. After laughing for 2 minutes and wiping the tears of joy from his eyes, he then went from smiling to angry and said to the hooded figure \"ok what are you doing in my house?\" then the hooded figure says to travis mask \"now now is that the way you treat your guests and gift givers\" then travis mask points to his face and said \"you gave me this mask\" and the hooded figure said \"I sure did I need you in a plan that I'm doing and well the mask chose you\" while he sat down took his hood off and revealed his face and a tea cup appeared in his hand and travis mask goes \"wooooooooow how did you do that? you don't have the mask, where did that cup come from?\" the hooded figure gave him a smile and said magic. Travis mask sat down next to him and said \"why me?\" and the hooded figure said \"well my good man I need to take over the world and that mask you're wearing, gives the wearer their deepest desires they can dream of\" then travis mask had a big childish grin on him and said \"cooooool\" then went confused and asked why he didn't wear it in the first place, then it was explained to him that \"he couldn't wear it because he wasn't worthy but you my good man you are,so now what do you say you want to take over the world\" then travis mask put his hand on his chin and said \"hmmmmmmmmm any desires I want you say\" the hooded figure said \"yep anything\" and he held out his hand and said \"what do you say are you in?\". Travis mask agreed and said \"what do we do first?\" the hooded figure said \"well we have to take small steps we have to make our names known we start on the town\" and travis mask said let's go but the hooded figure said \"not yet don't you want to know who I am?\" and travis goes \"I already know who you are\" then the hooded figure said you do and travis mask said \"yep you're a creepy guy who likes to play dress up with his robe and get people to go along with his plans guy\" the hooded figure let off a little fake laugh and said \"no no the names jake sanders pleased to meet you\" and held out his hand and travis mask grabbed his hand and shakes him roughly up and down and said \"hi Jakey boy\" and jake said \"no just jake ok,no problem jakey boy\" said travis mask and jake let off a scoff and held his arm out and said \"ok let's go\" next travis mask said \"wow ok I don't roll that way I mean I might of experimented in college but that's it\" then jake goes \"no grab my arm so I can get us in town quicker\" then travis mask said ok and held on and jake said \"hold on tight\" and travis mask said whYYYYYYYYYYY as they went through a portal and landed in the middle of town. Travis mask on the ground saying \"we have to go back for my stomach\" and \"jake said yeah it feels like that the first couple of times\" and travis mask goes \"oh wait here it is\" he pulls his stomach out of his pocket and swallowed it whole jake was disgusted by the sight and a couple of on lookers saw as well wondering where they came from and travis mask looks at them and says \"hi folks what you haven't seen a guy swallow his own stomach before?\" and scoffs and jake said \"right,now for some havoc\" he creates a fireball in his hands and starts throwing them at buildings travis mask was amazed and said \"cool let's see what I can do?\" and pulls out a chainsaw and starts chasing people and saying \"I'm going to get you,I'm going to get you\" with an evil laugh. After a couple of minutes they go into a small shopping centre travis mask with a flamethrower in his hand burning the merchandise and laughing while jake was on the counter telling people \"you can run as far as you want but hear this we will be know and we will be your new leaders soon and laughs\"./span/p[Chapter 3] It was march 15th 1977 at the 's hospital in the maternity ward we hear a doctor in a delivery room saying to a woman \"push come on just one big push, and it'll be over\" the woman he was say push to was crying and and yelling saying \" I can't I just can't do it, JUST GET THIS THING OUT OF ME I DONT WANT IT IN ME ANYMORE\" while cry in anger then a couple seconds later you hear a cry the doctor gave the baby to the nurse and got the baby wrapped up. The nurse cut the umbilical cord and holds the crying baby to the mother then says to her \"congratulations it's a boy\" then the mother starts to cry and says \" get that THING away from me I don't want to see it, do what you have to do I'm not having that monster in my life\" the nurse was confused then the doctor pulled her aside and tells the nurse \"the woman she was raped what would you do if that was you in there, honestly I don't blame her for giving the baby away we'll have to find a way to get rid of him\" the nurse spoke up \"I'll take him I can't have any children and maybe this little guy is the only way to being close to having kids of my own\" the doctor agreed and they signed the paperwork then the doctor asked \"what are you going to him\" the nurse said \"jake, jake Thomas sanders\". March 15th 1987 12pm at the sanders place in the backyard there was a party for jake kids and parents sitting at the table singing happy birthday to him, jake was smiling and embarrassed at the same time his mum came out with the cake he was excited and saw it was a dinosaur cake and said \" wooooow a dinosaur thanks mom just what I wanted\" then his mum bent down and said \"you're welcome nothing better but his favourite then gave him a kiss on the cheek\" he blushed and wiped it off, but smiled at his mum then blew out his candles, everyone was cheering \"hip hip hooray hip hip hooray\" and clapped. His mum took the cake away and said \" ok while I cut the cake it's time for presents\" jake was happy he smiled and turned to his mum saying \"mum mum look what I got\" then he smile went away when he saw his mum collapsed to the ground everyone rushed to her jake was yelling \"MUMMY MUMMY\" one of the parents held him back and tried to distract him. March 15th 1987 4pm in the waiting room of the hospital with one of the parents at the party holds him while he cries on her lap a doctor came out looked over shaking his head then says \"she doesn't have long I'm sorry\" the parent and jake breaks down and asked if they can see her the doctor allowed it. They went into the room walked up to the bed jakes mom with her eyes barley opened and said \"hey baby boy I'm sorry for all of this I didn't want you to know\" while crying and holding his cheek, jake shakes his head then says \"no mummy no don't be please don't leave me\" she smiles and says to the parent who is also crying \"please look after him I beg of you please\" the parent agreed and handed jake a letter and tells him \"don't open this until your 15th birthday\" crying holding her hand on his cheek then her hand drops and a long beep comes from the heart monitor, jake is screaming \"NO MUMMY DONT LEAVE PLEASE DONT LEAVE ME\" while the parent was trying to drag him out of the room so he didn't have to see anymore. March 15th 1992 was a sad day for jake he didn't want to celebrate his birthday he sat on his bed holding the card his mum got for him he turned it over and opened it he reads the letter that reads \"dear jake I'm sorry that I'm not there for your 15th birthday I really do want to be there with you, I'm sorry I never told you what was wrong with me I thought I was going to be alright please don't hold this over your head please celebrate like I was there with you don't let my death bring you down on your day please. I wanted to tell you on your 18th birthday that's if I was still around is all and I am sorry to say this but you're adopted the woman who gave birth to you didn't want you so I took you in as my own since I couldn't have any kids of my own I'm sorry you had to find out this way, I loved you like you were my own please forgive me for not telling you in person, love from your mom who loves you very much xoxoxo.[Chapter 4] p style=\"margin: 0px; font-size: 17px; line-height: normal; font-family: '.SF UI Text'; color: #454545;\"span style=\"font-family: '.SFUIText-Italic'; font-style: italic; font-size: 17pt;\"March 15th 1995 jake was 18 he was living in a foster home for 3 years and now since he is 18 he has to leave he decided to look for a place to stay at and a job so he can save some money to find his real mom. He found a small cheap apartment in a old part of town it was sought of a miracle say to himself in his head but when he saw the building and where it was he was afraid he slowly walked up to the door and pushed a buzzer then a voice came out of it saying \"WHAT, WHAT DO YOU WANT\" jake replied nervously \" iiim jake sssanders here for the apartment\" the person on the intercom said \"yeah yeah what ever\" then buzzed him in. He met the person on the intercom it was a 50 year old woman mrs Grady, jake went up to her and said \"hi I'm jake sanders\" she huffed and said \"well come on then I don't have all day\" in a angry voice they went up 2 floors of stairs he was thinking \"oh god what is that smell and oh my god is that blood on the floor\" then the woman said \"watch your step someone had a accident\" jake was walking past and couldn't stop staring then the old lady opened his door then said \"rent is $250 a month the kitchen is through there the bathroom was on the left oh and don't drink the water\" jake smiled nervously then grabbed the keys and said \"thanks\". A couple days later he found a job at a McDonald's flipping burgers and serving he wasn't happy he had to sneak some food for his lunch because he didn't have much money after rent he was thinking on his lunch break with a phone book and a notepad in front of him hoping to find out the information he's been wanting for a couple of years now he rang the hospital and wanting some information about his biological mother he told the hospital his story and said they'd be happy to send him what he is looking for. A couple days past buggered from work he looks in his letter box and sees a letter he's been wanting for a while he rips it open and said only one name fit the description it was a sandy baker there was a number and address he was think \"I hope she still lives there\" he went to a pay phone and ring the number after a couple of rings he hears a woman speaking \" hello who may say is calling\" jake responded \" hello is this sandy baker by any chance\" she replied \"this is sandy who may I say is calling\" jake hung up the phone scared his thoughts were going a hundred miles an hour. The next day he went to sandys house he walked up to the front door he hesitated then walked away, then the door opens a woman at the door saying \"hello can I help you\" he shook his head then walked a couple of steps then stopped and turned around and asked \"are you sandy baker the woman who had a baby on march 15th 1977\" she stood there in shock she let a tear go down her check and said to jake \"please don't come here again, I beg of you I don't want to go through that again\" he nodded and said sorry then walked away. He got home angry and sad he punched a wall and yelling \"WHY ME WHY DO I HAVE TO BE ALONE WHAT DID I EVER DO\" he was crying then said something had to be done there were voices in his head saying \"you must do it you must do what she did to you, get rid of her\" he looked at a knife on his counter then went to sandys house he knocked on her door she answered then tried to slam the door in his face but he stopped it, he barged in yelling \"WHY DID YOU GIVE ME UP I DIDNT DO ANYTHING TO YOU, LETS SEE HOW YOU FEEL HUH\" jake picks up a crying sandy from her hair and stabs her in the stomach then he says \"that's what it feels like to be abandoned, you don't like it DO YOU\" he leaves the house with the blood covered knife in his pocket and sandys blood on his hands he goes down the walk way and stops he turns around and there is a crazy guy in a robe laughing, jake walks up to the guy and says \"what do you want\" then the guy says \"I can give you what you need, the power to show them all who you really are\" then handed him a charm. He put the charm on then he saw a vision of him ruling the world laughing and everyone bowing to him he let out an evil laugh and said with a evil smile \"is that really me\" the crazy guy nodded and said \"yes it is, now if you want that vision to come true you'll have to kneel\" jake did what he asked then the guy put his hand on his head there was thunder and lightning,every light in the street was going out but they could still see then jake felt it he felt the power rush to his body. The power transfer was complete he stood up and looked at the guy jake had black eyes then they changed back to green then he said \"what great power is surging through my body\" the guy smiled and said \"you can keep the power as long as you do whatever I say\"jake kneeled then the guy handed him the mask of Loki and said with this you'll need to find someone to wear it and control them, they'll help you fulfill what you want done./span/p[Chapter 5] It's the 6th of April and a week has passed since travis and the hooded figure went on a rampage, they have been named \"Big Head\", and death the city tried to stay normal but everyone there had to stay calm and kept on saying it will blow over soon. At Ohio State university, two guys were finished their classes for the day and headed back to their room. The first, Maxie, Travis's son, is 21, and loves the theatre. Dario, 22, also loves the theatre. As they were going to their theatre group maxie began talking to Dario saying he might not go back home because of the two maniacs who are terrorizing the streets, he wants to go back for his father but he's afraid that he'll get hurt, he has spoken to his father asking him if he's safe and travis keeps on telling him everything is fine. Dario then said \"hey man it's ok to be scared, how about I go with you for a couple of weeks\" maxie said \"are you sure I mean it's spring break you don't have to worry about me\" Dario insisted. The two were finished their theatre group and headed back to their dorm both laughing about the things that had happened during the group practice, Dario laughs and speaks to maxie \" hahaha man I can't believe you ripped one while stretching hahaha that was loud and stunk\" maxie blushing and laughing at the same times and says \"well yours don't smell like roses either I've seen fart under your bed covers and put your head under hahaha\" then Dario says \"everyone likes their own brand hahaha\" maxie stops Dario and says \" hey thanks for convincing me to go back home and thanks for coming with me\" Dario pats maxie on the back then says \" no problem that's what friends are for\" while giving him a pat on the back. The next morning they were on the treadmill, Dario was pacing and maxie looked like a zombie walking Dario tells maxie \"come on pick up the pace 3 more km to go\" maxie groaning like he was a zombie says to Dario \"why do you hate me so much what have I ever done to you\" Dario tells maxie \"well if you didn't have 8 slices of pizza and 3 pieces of cheese cake this wouldn't happen now would it\" maxie tells Dario \"they were talking to me they were saying eat us maxie eat us we'll make you happy\" Dario laughs at maxie and says \"well that's the price that you pay for eating so much\". They both finished on the treadmill Dario wanting to do some weights and Maxie just wants to lie on the floor and die Dario hovers over maxie and says \"come on don't make me tickle you to get up\" maxie looks at him with a evil look saying \"you wouldn't dare\"then Dario says \"oh yeah\" then starts tickling maxie then maxie laughing saying \"ok ok I give uncle uncle hahahaha\" the gym managers came over asking if everything was alright maxie says to the gym manager \"yeah we're fine\" and gives off a goofy smile, Dario helps maxie up and talks about if he has told his dad that they're both going over to see him maxie said \"yeah I spoke to him last night he's thrilled\" Dario said to maxie \"cool when do we pack\" maxie asks him \"when do you want to leave\" Dario said to maxie \"I don't know when do you want to go\" maxie asks Dario \"is tomorrow fine\" Dario agreed and they both lift some at their dorm, Dario and maxie are packing their things for the ride home then Dario asks \"hey where will your mum,brother and sister be\" maxie tells Dario \"they're visiting my grandparents, my mums parents\" Dario says to maxie \"oh so it's a guys only holiday then\" maxie nodded and said \"yep guys only, eat where we want sleep when we want walk around, not having showers for a couple of days, it's just like my fantasy\" Dario laughed and says to maxie \"well the eating and sleeping is fine with me but the smelling not so much hahaha\" Dario packs some extra deodorant just in case Maxie and Dario put their bags by the door for the next morning so they can just have a shower and go they both high fived each other and yelled \"ROAD TRIP\" then laughed and went to bed.8th of April both had a shower and their breakfast Dario asks maxie \"ok have we got everything you need to go to the bathroom again\" maxie gave Dario a look and said \"what are you my mother\" then Dario said \"well once this door is locked no turning back then maxie rushed to the bathroom to make sure, after he was finished maxie tells Dario \"ok let's go\" Dario closes and locks the door they head down stairs and pack the car Dario tells maxie ok we have to get some petrol and some snacks then we are off.[Chapter 6] p style=\"margin: 0px; font-size: 17px; line-height: normal; font-family: '.SF UI Text'; color: #454545;\"span style=\"font-family: '.SFUIText-Italic'; font-style: italic; font-size: 17pt;\"It's the 8th of April maxie and Dario were driving to maxies home and Dario asks maxie \"so am I staying in the guest room again because I love having my own shower\" maxie replied \"yeah you'll be in the guest room and dad is excited that you came he's so excited about us stay he's making us dinner tonight\" Dario responds \"oh cool what's on the menu\" then maxie replies to Dario with a worried look \"meatloaf or I should say meat brick believe me I hope you packed antacids and laxatives because that stuff will be in your system for days\" Dario's eyes wide open scared and asked maxie \"well would it be ok if I put it in a tissue or flush it\" they both laughed and got around the corner of the street then got to the house. Maxie and Dario looked at the bags then at each other then maxie said to Dario \"one bag trip who ever drops a bag first has to eat the others meatloaf\" Dario laughed and said \"your on\" they both loaded the bags in their arms and climbed the stairs of the front porch, pushing each other along the way they got up the stairs then maxie said \"oh no\" looking at Dario worried then Dario asks what's wrong and maxie replies \"the keys are in my pocket, get them out please\" Dario shock his head and laughed maxie scoffed trying to get the key then the door opens, it's travis maxie smiles then says \"hey dad I thought you'd be out or something\" travis replies \"I cleared my day for you two I barley see you boys, now put those bags down and give your old man a hug\" maxies eyes went wide and looks at Dario then Dario says to maxie \"well don't leave him hanging give your dad a big hug\" smiling at maxie, he then drops the bag and gives him a big hug and giving each other a pat on the back. Travis and maxie finished their hug then said to Dario we'll drop your bags it's your turn,Dario didn't hesitate and gave him a thank you hug Dario thanked travis for letting him stay for a couple of weeks then travis said to Dario \"thank you for being there for maxie you are a true friend\" Dario replied while putting his arm around maxies shoulder \"well we just aren't roommates or friends we're brothers\" travis was pleased and he grabbed a couple of bags and helped them to their rooms. Maxie and Dario got a couple things packed then Dario looked at maxie because he had a worried look on his face \"hey man what's up\" Dario asked maxie, he then said to Dario \"I don't know something is wrong with my dad I can't put my finger on it, it's like when he hugged me it didn't feel like it was well him hugging me\" Dario looked at him and said \"well you haven't seen him in a while maybe that's why it felt different and maybe it could be you being stressed about everything that's been going on\" maxie felling a bit better about it and says to Dario \"yeah maybe your right it's just in my head\". Travis yells from the kitchen \"boys dinners ready come get it while it's hot\" maxie looks at Dario and says \"hey did you find anything to smash so I can show you how hard it is\" they both laughed the way to the kitchen then got a surprise, there was a strange man at the table maxie says to the man \"ah hello can I help you\" the man said \"oh how rude of me the names jake sanders I'm a friend of your dads\" he held his hand out to maxie to shake, maxie shook his hand and felt strange around him then travis comes out and says \"oh so you all have met sorry I didn't tell you two it was a last minute thing hope you don't hate me\" maxie shook his head and sat down, the four began to talk about things and about the maniacs, travis changed the subject and talked about theatre. Dinner was over Dario whispered to maxie showing a napkin in his lap and they both laughed travis wanted to know what was funny then maxie replied \"its nothing it's just a private joke\" travis asked him to explain it maxie shook his head laughing and said \"hahaha no you wouldn't get it\" travis had a frown on his face then slammed his hand on the table and yelled \"TELL THE GOD DAMN JOKE NOW\" maxie and Dario were scared then maxie ran off with Dario following maxie whispered to Dario in maxies room \"that's not my dad he would never do something like that and that guy he gives me a weird felling\" Dario agree with maxie \"yeah I did feel like there was something strange with him\" Dario said, they heard footsteps going into travis's bedroom and closed the door so maxie and Dario went down stairs to the bedroom and put their ears against the door they heard a couple of things about spells and charms and the maniacs then maxie pulled a little compact mirrored out of his pocket and put it under the door, the boys could see what was going on in the bedroom and saw travis holding a mask talking to jake who is now in his hooded form he then put the mask on and there was a little tornado in the room then travis and the hooded figure left the house through teleportation, maxie removed the mirrors from the door then looks at Dario and says \"my dad is one of the maniacs./span/p[Chapter 7] CHAPTER 07 Maxie and Dario are in the room freaked about what they saw Dario is on the bed and maxie pacing back and forth shaking his head saying \"no no no no no no this can't be happening that's not my dad he wouldn't hurt anybody, that guy he has something to do with it he's controlling my dad some how I don't know what but I'm going to try and break out of what ever spell he's under\" Dario stands up and stops maxie from pacing he tells maxie \"ok so I wasn't dreaming you saw it to, when did he get that mask I don't know why but it feels like I've seen it somewhere but I don't know where\" maxie agrees and says \"yeah I've seen it somewhere to but not in the house I think my dad got it recently\" maxie thinks back and says \"maybe it was in the package\" Dario looking confused at maxie and says \"package,what package?\" Maxie then tells Dario \"my dad came home from work and he texted me if I sent him a package I didn't know what he was talking about and he told me he was going to open it when he's finished packing his things away but never got a reply until the next day saying it was just a joke someone played, but what if it was the mask in the package\" Dario agreed with maxie and said \"we have to find out more about that mask, do you think the library would still be open?\" Maxie replied \"yeah should be in an hour or two lets go and see what ps going on\". At the library maxie and Dario split up maxie was on the computer and Dario was looking at books about masks and ancient cultures they got a couple of of things from the books but don't match for what they were looking for they were about to give up until they heard a female voice \"hey there need a hand, we'd be happy to help you\" maxie and Dario look and there is a girl and a guy smiling at them they introduced themselves the girl says \"hey the names Sarah Jane and this is my shy boyfriend zack we volunteer sometimes here at the library and wanting to know if you need any help\" maxie took up her offer and told SARAH Jane and zack what they were looking for but didn't tell them the real reason,they told them it was for a project they're doing so the two sat down with them and helped them out. Maxie and SARAH Jane were on the computer so zack decided to help Dario out not Dario and zack came back to the table with five books each and started to get information. A couple pages into one of the books Dario gasped and said \"maxie I think I found out what we're looking for\" Dario shows him the page and maxie just gasped, \"Long ago 4th century AD there was a god of fire and mischief named Loki he played tricks on his family and the mortals he thought it was funny but they didn't so one day he made a mask and put some of his power into it and whoever wore it became a god themselves he threw the mask from the heavens and let the mortals wear it and cause havoc themselves he was laughing but when his father Odin found out he was not pleased so Odin had enough and sealed his son within the mask and buried it on earth hoping it would never be seen again\" maxie looks at the description of the mask and it was exactly what it looked like he looked up more about the mask on the internet and there were some theories that billy the kid,Attila the Hun and even Napoleon Bonaparte, maxie and Dario looked at each other and walked to a corner and started whispering then SARAH Jane tells zack \"ok they looked freaked out about a mask that doesn't exist and if they're freaked out why do a project on it, something isn't right come on and let's see what's really going on\" in the corner maxie is whispering \"ok if those crazy guys wore the mask I have to save my dad before he's dead like them\" Dario agreed and said \"yeah but how are we going to get the mask out of his reach he'll be holding onto it like it's glued to him\" then sarah Jane and zack go into the corner and zack asks \"what's going on you two act like that mask is real or something, it's just a myth\" Dario and maxie looked at each other worried then sarah Jane says \"oh my god it's not a myth is it it's real and does it have to do with the maniacs\" maxie explained to them what was going on and asked them not to tell anyone, sarah jane and zack agreed then Dario said \"we have to find a way to stop them before it's to late\".[Chapter 8] CHAPTER 08 The four were thinking and then zack had a thought \"there's some books in the library basement I think I saw a book down there that could probably help\" they went down to the basement and split up they all looked for books that could help them and zack was trying to find the book that he was talking about, around 10 minutes looking through books zack finally found the book that he was talking about he tells the others \"maybe we can find a spell to break him out of the trance or something\" he went through the books while the other three did some research of their own they all had a book of mythology and legends and they were looking to find out some more information about the mask and to see if there's anything about the hooded figure. After a while Dario told the others \"ah guys you might want to come look at this it's bad really bad\" maxie asks Dario \"what did you find\" Dario replies \"I found some information about the mask and there's some information about the hooded figure\" Dario pointed it out and maxie slid the book to him and read \"the cult of Loki they find people who are vulnerable in life people who have lost so much, they try their best to reek havoc onto others and use their dangerous weapon the mask on others it is said that they can't wear it but they can get a host to do their bidding so they can have the world under the law of Loki and over the time the cult and the host take over the world\" maxie let out a scared gasp and the others asked what was wrong while seeing a tear go down maxies cheek, maxie continued reading while holding back his tears \" it is then the host will slowly be no more for Loki would slowly take over the hosts body for all eternity\" he looks at Dario and Dario gives him a hug so maxie started crying them Dario tells maxie \"hey we are going to stop this I know your dad and he is a strong guy ok I know that he is still in there fighting and he will fight it as long as he has you and your family in his heart\" maxie let go and agreed with Dario then asked zack \"is there anything we can do are there any spells\" zack said yes there is one but we might need to order some ingredients in\" maxie nodded and said \"ok thank you for finding it\". maxie and Dario looked through the book they were just reading to find some more answers like how long they have while zack and sarah jane looked for what they need for the spell to work. Maxie looked at a couple more pages while Dario tried to find more information about the cult it was then maxie let out a gasp and was saying \"nonononononono\" Dario asked what was wrong then maxie turned the book to Dario and pointed he read what maxie just read and he let out a gasp and asked zack and sarah about the ingredients SARAH replied \"yeah we can get them within a week, will that be bad\" Dario replied \"we need to get them faster because with the time travis has he only has 3 weeks before Loki takes over and with the ingredients taking a week we only have a week left\" zack and SARAH looked at each other and zack said to the two \"actually it takes 3 days to make so we'll have 2days to spare. Maxie sat down hyperventilating then Dario sat next to him and said \"we're going to get your dad back ok we'll make it\" and gave maxie a smile and the other two were telling maxie that we'll do our best and bring your father back, maxie gave them a smile and thanked them for all they have done.[Chapter 9] CHAPTER 09 8th of May night time travis mask and the hooded figure decided to go down town to reek some more havoc, they teleport to the city and travis still not used to the teleportation to and from places travis mask asks the hooded figure \"hey when am I going to stop feeling like this after teleporting you said I'll get used to it after a while but I'm still not used to it\" the hooded figure scoffed at him and said fine take this medallion, you must wear it all the time so you won't get sick while we travel\" travis mask was peeved at the hooded figure and said \"you had this on you this whole time and never\" it is then then full moons light beams down and makes the medallion shine then travis masks eye went from normal to anime eyes then says \"ohhhh pretty\" it is then the hooded figure tried to touch it again, travis mask changed again and went full gollum then slouches down rubbing the medallion saying in a gollum voice \"my precious you no touch precious\" the hooded figure then looks at him and says \"ok you finished with your act\" travis mask went back to normal then said \"yep\" then the hooded figure tells travis mask \"good now let's get to some mayhem\". Travis mask and the hooded figure were running amok terrorising everything they could find the hooded figure was making fires,shooting thunder,flooding stores just with his hands and travis mask was in a tornado with a giant mallet going past cars smashing them to bits, it is then some people came out screaming travis mask then says to himself \"ok now this is going to be fun\" he transforms in the mini twister he made and came out dressed like a little girl with blond pigtails with a giant net he was holding with both hands and says \"yay butterfly catching my favourite\" he skipped singing to himself \"lalalalalalalalalala\" he caught a couple people in the net it is then the hooded figure says to him \"ok that's enough put them down we have more important things to do\" it is then travis mask has a hissy fit and says to him \"but muuuuuuum I want to play with them\" it is then the hooded figure was peeved then his eyes went all black then says to him in a deep demonic voice \"PUT THEM DOWN NOW\" travis mask rolled his eyes and turned back to normal then said \"fine you're no fun\". They were in front of a bank and travis mask transformed into a cowboy then turns to the hooded figure and says \"oh boy oh boy oh boy I've always wanted to rob a bank can we please rob it please please pleasssssssssse\" the hooded figure then said \"sure why not I've always wanted to do it myself\" then he went Wild West as well with two pistols in his hand walked to the door then he knocked it down then said \"ok fill up all the bags with money now\" travis mask then said \"yeah this is a robbery we don't wasn't any funny business\" the hooded figure then looks at travis mask with a serious look then said \"I think they know it's a robbery\" travis mask just looked at him with a hillbilly look and looking at the hooded figure with a dumb look on his face that is when a fly went in one ear and out the other then the hooded figure says to him \"you have issues\" travis mask then gives him a goofy grin. Back at sarah Janes and zacks apartment the four were watching the news seeing what they are doing maxie then says to himself \"that's not him I know it's not him\" he was crying while holding onto an old fob watch, \"hey maxie why don't you tell sarah Jane and zack where you got the watch from \" Dario said to try and keep his mind off things, maxie then shook his head and went all silent it is then zack asks maxie \"we'd like to hear about the watch it looks ancient is it an heirloom\" maxie nods then says \"it was my great grandfathers watch he gave it to his son my grandfather and he gave it to his son my father and when I turned 15 he gave it to me\" maxie laughed then says \"My parents had a surprise party for me and got my friends to come, there was games, funny stories about me and how we all met and haha dad also got a clown for a laugh haha\" maxie wiping his tears away from his face then continued the story \"there was a whole table full of presents some I liked and some I pretended to like so I would offend anyone it was until the last gift my dad he gave me a box with a ribbon around it, I opened the box and I didn't have any words I let out a big smile with a tear running down my face I got up and gave my dad one of the biggest hugs I have ever given him, he wouldn't admit to crying but I felt some wet spots dropping on my head, he then said to me this was your great grandfathers then he gave that watch to your grandfather he gave it to me and now I'm passing it on to you I gave him another hug and said thank you for the gift\" SARAH Jane and zack and even Dario had tears coming out their eyes then Dario puts his hand on maxies shoulder and says to him \"we'll get him back.[Chapter 10] CHAPTER 10 May 11th the ingredients arrived at sarah janes and zacks apartment the four of them got everything together and read what had to be done carefully because they knew they only had one chance to do it and if they didn't do it right then the travis that once was will never be travis anymore but Loki the god of mischief. Sarah Jane read out loud then said \"ok maxie I need you to ground up the belladonna until it's a fine powder\" maxie looks confused then asked \"belladonna isn't that deadly nightshade I don't want to kill my dad I want to save him\" sarah told maxie \"it's safe as long and you have the right amount only two petals\" maxie nods then starts to ground the belladonna, Sarah then asks Dario \"ok Dario I need you to boil the toadstools,eye of newt and sandalwood ok it says it needs to be a purple colour\" Dario looked disgusted then says \"ok so what are we doing boiling these are we making soup or something\" sarah replied \"no they need to open up and let all the insides come out\" Dario agreed and started getting things into the pot. \"So what do I do\" asks zack \"we are going to be chopping blood root,comfrey root and henbane\" all four of them did all they had to do they had to open a couple windows because of the smell from all the ingredients, Dario then asked sarah \"ok so what do we do now\" Sarah replies \"ok we have to carefully mix the ingredients carefully then place the pot in a warm area for three days\", maxie and the others lifted the heavy smelly pot then he says \"oh I hope this works\" Dario then says \"it will work just put some faith into it ok\" then smiles. May 13th came and they were nervous to see the potion if it worked they bought it out then opened the lid and Sarah gave it a stir and it was a bit hard because it became really thick \"oh no did we screw up\" asked zack \"no it says it's supposed to be like this it will loosen up when we add the last ingredient in the lavender\" she got the lavender and crumpled it up in her hand then drops it into the pot then a flash appeared in front of their eyes and saw the smelly purple thick mixture turn a dark blue and smelt like lavender \"wow that was awesome\" said zack. The four were putting the potion into the vials then maxie says \"thank you all for doing this I know you're all scared because I am to haha\" Dario put his hand on his back then says \"we're Bros of course I'm going to be here\" then sarah tells maxie \"we're glad to help you and your dad out\" then smiled and the four gave a big group hug then maxie says \"ok now let's save my dad\". Down town the hooded figure and travis mask were causing havoc across the town with the hooded figure spreading his darkness everywhere and travis mask standing next to him laughing it is then he stops laughing when he here's \"Dad you have to stop this it's not you to cause havoc it's not\" they both turn around and see the four lined up then the hooded figure laughs then says \"well well well what do we have here the brat patrol\" the hooded figure and travis mask let out a laugh then maxie says \"let my dad go or else\" the hooded figure then replies \"or else what huh what are you going to do you can't stop me no one can I will make the world perfect for my master\" travis mask then says \"we will make it better for when he comes and takes over hahahaha\" maxie then says \"do you know how he's coming back\" travis mask replies \"yeah I am his vessel I am willing to use my body for him I will be one with him\" maxie looking scared then says \"no this isn't you but if you won't listen to me then fine we'll stop you\" he looked at the others then said \"now throw the potions\" the four threw the potions that let out a loud band and flash when they landed. The four look over to see the hooded figure and travis mask on the ground they walk over slowly maxie rolls his dad over maxie was still shocked that he still had the mask on he asks \"dad dad can you hear me it's me maxie\" his eyes slowly open then he says \"mmmmaxie is that really you\" maxie nodded then hugs his dad then he hears and evil laugh he pulls away then sees his dad smiling then travis mask then says \"you really fell for it hahahaha\" travis mask and the hooded figure got up then then maxie and the others ran away to see what else they could do.[Chapter 11] CHAPTER 11 Maxie and the others went to a nearby alleyway maxie was crying in Dario's arms saying \"no he's gone I thought it would work I want my dad back\" Dario holding maxie in his arm crying saying to him \"I know but it's not over ok we have to try some thing else, like what about the charms we got we have to try them and give them a shot we can probably distract them so someone can knock them out from behind we have to try ok\" maxie then said to him \"no I already lost my dad I'm not losing anyone else I love ok I can't let you three do this I'll do it myself\" Sarah then said in a angry but loving tone \"maxie we have to do it ok even if you don't want us to we are helping, we have come all this way to help and like what you said we don't want to lose someone we love so either you help us get your dad back or stay behind it's your choice ok\" zack stepped in and said \"we have to do this maxie you never give up ok even if it looks impossible you always have to find another way\" maxie agreed then asked the others \"ok but who going to distract them and who's going to knock them out\" Dario stepped up to be a distraction same with zack then Sarah said \"ok so maxie and I will knock them out I still have a bit of potion left but if we put some on the charms and some to throw both ways I think it should knock them out and maybe be enough time to get that mask off your dad\". So Dario and zack went one way through the alleyway then maxie and sarah had to climb up to see where to go first sarah and maxie had to lead travis mask and the hooded figure to where Dario and zack are the four kept in touch by Walkie talkies so they'd know where the manics are close, so maxie and sarah used binoculars to see where they'd be it was until sarah said \"maxie look over by the mall there they are but they're to far away\" it is then maxie tells the other two \"ok they're to far away they're by the mall on elm street, sarah and I will go the back way so we might be around 10 min so don't go right in until we get there ok\" Dario then replied \"ok we'll message you when we have them in our sight we won't do anything until then ok\". Zack and Dario have travis mask in their range then zack talks to the others \"ok we're here how far are you two\" sarah replied puffing into the walkie \"were a couple minutes away we won't be long\" so Dario and zack start to prepare for the distractions they bought along flare guns and fire works and also smoke bombs so they'd be blinded Dario asks zack \"so where did you get this stuff from and are you sure they'd work\" zack replied \"I'm not sure but we have to give them a try\" he pours some potion onto some charms they can wear so they we can destroy them with a fire work or flare gun so the potion can go over them\" they hear noise from the walkies \"ok were in range and we can see you we're on 10th street\" so Dario and zack slowly walk up to the maniacs then Dario asks them \"so you want to bring Loki back but why he'll just treat you like us when he comes here he'll treat you like trash he is a trickster and he'll do anything to come back and that means using you two like pawns\" travis mask then steps up and says \"he won't get rid of us he will become me and I will become him and with the power of jake we'll be unstoppable hahahahahaha\" it is then the hooded figure takes off his hood then says \"now now travis settle down don't get to excited they don't know what they're talking about they don't know what true power is and they can find out and help us we'll be by Loki side sure we won't have much power but we'll still be by his side ruling the world\" zack then said \"not on my watch\" he then loads a flare gun throws one of the charms then shoots it then Dario throws his potion while maxie and sarah throw theirs as well behind them with their charms along with smoke bombs, sarah and maxie put on night vision goggles so they can through the smoke they run up behind the maniac to try and get a one up on them but it was to late jake got rid of the smoke then said \"ha child's play\" and with one swoop of his hand he sent maxie and sarah flying to dario and zack landing right on them. The four groaned maxie then asked if they're all ok they were a bit bruised but they were fine it is then maxie got up and limped right over to travis mask \"dad please I know your still in there please stop this, this isn't you this isn't what you want\" travis mask then grabs maxie by the arm tightly maxie is screaming then travis mask says to his son in an angry voice \"you don't know what I want you are weak so don't tell me what to do\" he then throws maxie back to the others Dario and zack catch him Dario then looks at his arm then asks maxie if he can move it maxie then starts crying and shakes his hand then Dario says to the others \"we have to go I think it's broken\" travis mask then walks over then says \"what did I tell you you're WEAK SO YOU ARE NOT MY SON\" maxie then says crying \"please I want you back please\" maxie then reaches into his pocket and what he brings out of his pocket made a tear go down travis masks cheek.[Chapter 12] CHAPTER 12 As the tear ran down travis masks cheek he put his hand up to his face to catch the he says in an angry sad voice \"wwwwhats going on, NO YOU WILL NOT TRICK ME NO YOUR FATHER IS GONE\" travis mask tries to look away but then maxie tells his dad in a sad voice \"do you remember this, it's the watch you gave me it has been passed down through our family remember your father gave it to you and his father gave it to him, when you gave this to me on my 15th birthday I cried so hard when I saw it, i gave you the biggest hug I had ever given you and that made it the best birthday I ever had and I want the same father back the father who gave me the xola heirloom, the same father who loves his family and the same father who would do anything to protect his loved ones, so if you want to kill me that's fine just take the watch back\" maxie then grabs his fathers hand and places the watch in it, he then hugs his friends while the close their eyes tightly shut waiting to be killed, it is then jake yells at travis mask \"KILL THEM NOW, KILL THEM IN THE NAME OF LOKI\" travis mask didn't budge then jake tells him \"fine you won't do it then I will\" travis mask clenched the watch in his hand turns around then yelled \"DON'T YOU DARE LAY A FINGER ON THEM\" maxie eyes went wide open he then said \"dddad is that you\" travis mask then turns his head and nods maxie was so happy he gave his friends a big hug then travis mask said to the four \"go find somewhere safe I'm going to kick some ass\" the four ran for cover in an alleyway to watch them fight. Jake was mad he yells at travis \"HOW DARE YOU BETRAY ME I AM YOUR MASTER YOU WILL OBEY ME\" travis then says \"no I am nobody's master I am travis xola and I will not let you get away with this I will stop you even if I have to die trying\" jake then let out a laughing scoff then says \"so be it\" the two run at each other travis with dressed like captain America but green with the shield and jake with thunder coming out of his hands they were screaming battle cries, they began fighting maxie in the alley way watching his father giving him all the hope he can give to his father and praying \"please please please let him win and come out safe please\" Dario then said \"like what I said your dad is strong he pulled out of it because of you, you don't need to give him hope you are his hope you're the reason he's fighting\" maxie let out a laugh then thanked Dario. Sarah then speaks up \"ok we have to help him somehow do we have anything that we can use \"zack then looks in his bag then said \"one flare capsule,a smoke bomb and some firecrackers\" maxie then told the others \"ok I need the gun powder from the fire crackers then put them into the flare capsule\" they did that then maxie gave the plan ok so I'll give my dad a pair of glasses then Dario you throw the smoke bomb that'll give us enough time to shot him with the flare gun fire work, ok so let's get into position\" they ran to four corners of travis mask and jake, maxie then yells \"DAD CATCH\" then threw the glasses then the five put them on then maxie said \"DARIO NOW\" dario threw the smoke bomb then the second the smoke bomb when off sarah shot the flare, the five heard a yell and the smoke started to clear, jake was on fire he yells \"YOU WILL NOT STOP ME\" it is then maxie said \"dad hold him we need to get this charm on him\" travis acted fast he grabbed jake in a bear hug maxie then placed a charm on jake, he then lets out a big yell then bright lights were coming from his body travis mask let him go then the five ran and saw jake floating he was yelling \"NO NO NO PLEASE GIVE ME ONE MORE CHANCE THIS WASNT MY FAULT IT WASNT NOOOOOOOOOOOOO\" then a brighter flash came the five covered their eyes because it was so bright and then when the flash went they saw nothing then travis takes off the mask then falls to his knees crying and saying \"it's over it's finally over\" maxie then bends over confronting his dad then travis says \"I'm sorry I'm so so so sorry for what I've done I never wanted this\" maxie reached in for a hug crying then says \"I know you didn't It was the mask fault it changes a person you would never do the things you did\" Dario,zack and Sarah have tears in their eyes then Dario asked \"what now what do we do with the mask, I mean it's powerful and can't be destroyed and it's dangerous to put it on\" maxie then says \"we throw it into the ocean where it will sink to the bottom and hopefully never to be seen again\". It was about sunrise The five went to the oceans highest peak of rocks watching the sun rise travis looks at the mask then passed it onto maxie and said \"here you do it I know how much you hate the thing\" maxie let out a smile hold the mask in his hands and says \"this mask did all that destruction to the city just one mask what other things are out there that can do damage\" Dario shrugs his shoulders then said \"don't know but hopefully we would never know\" maxie then threw the mask into the ocean with his good arm then says \"now let's hope it stays there\" they all go back to the xola house then travis goes \"ok who hungry for bacon and eggs I'm cooking\" maxie then said \"yeah but can we stop at the hospital first to get my arm checked out\" they got into the car and left. Later that day the five were sleeping in the xola lounge room there was a knock at the door maxie got up in pain with his broken arm now in a cast got to the door opened it the greeted the person at the door \"hi can I help you\" the stranger then pulled out a badge then says \"I think you might Lieutenant kellaway, just wondering if you know anything about this green faced maniac\" lieutenant kellaway pulled out a picture of travis mask, maxie looked at the picture then trying not to look suspicious told lieutenant kellaway \"not much sorry all I know is that he wanted to rule the world or something and I heard a rumour that he wore a mask that's all sorry\" lieutenant kellaway then said \"ok thank you for your time\" he then leaves then maxie closed the door walked into the lounge room and Dario scared maxie because maxie thought he was sleeping Dario said \"sorry didn't mean to scare you just wanted to know who was at the door\" maxie gave him a smile then said \"this lieutenant came by the ask if we knew anything about the green faced maniac and I told him that he wanted to rule the world and heard a rumour he wore a mask that's it\" Dario said while yawning \"ok then night night\" then went back to sleep.[Chapter 13] AFTERSTORY A couple weeks went by the five were having a BBQ for a welcome home for travis's wife Scarlett and two other kids Seth and jeri back from Scarlett's parents the fie were talking then they hear \"DADDY\" travis turns around and it's jeri, travis picks her up and says \"hey peanut how was your grandparents\" jeri replied \"it smelt like old people but they gave us gifts\" maxie laughed then said \"hey squirt\" then pat her head then she saw Dario she yelled \"DARIO DARIO, daddy put me down I want to see Dario\" they laughed because they knew she had a crush on him and jeri ran to Dario then they hear \"hey we're back we had to unload the car because someone didn't help\" then looked at jeri while letting out a smile then she said \"oh hello I'm maxies mum don't think we've met\" sarah held out her hand and said \"my names sarah jane and this is my boyfriend zack we met maxie and Dario at the library while helping them with a project\" then came Seth who said \"ok um are we in a different universe because I've never heard those two study for anything\" maxie then put Seth in a head lock and give him a noogy \"right your in trouble haha\" they all laughed then Scarlett asked maxie \"so how's the arm when I heard you fell down the stairs I was devastated\" maxie put her at ease and told her \"it was scary but hopefully it won't happen again\". ","Summary":" Prologue Long ago 4th century AD there was a god of fire and mischief named Loki he played tricks o"},{"Movie":"Flushed Away","Title":"Flushed Away: Charm School","Author":"RubySlippersGoof","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10077955","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Full Summary: Ratstropolis crowned a new Queen of the sewers who is very strict and proper, and who found out about the Toad catastrophe with Roddy, Rita, Le Frog and the Henchrats. Since the sewers are in fear of another flood and cult happening again, she orders everyone involved (including Roddy and Rita) to go to Charm School, with Liam and Sid tagging along. While there, crushes start taking over everyone's minds including Roddy & Rita's new friends, and the Henchrats brew up plans to break everyone up. Meanwhile, Roddy starts having strange dreams that make him question his life. Fights will begin, there will be tears, and may be too much for some rats (& frogs) to bare. Could everyone learn to get along and realize the real reason why they're at Charm School? Or is it just like a regular school full of drama that causes mayhem? ~Insipired by the reality show \"Charm School.\" ~I made a soundtrack for this fanfic as well! It will be in the last chapter (: There will also be song references in which will tell you what songs are on the soundtrack (some of them are a little too obvious). But see if you can find all the songs before the last chapter if you read this story all the way through (; Hint to song game: The song references are only in the dialogue, (except the ones that are obviously pointed out) Chapter 1, A New Queen Roddy tightened his grip. He inhaled deeply, squinted and leaped. The rope scraping his calaysts on his hands. He swung around off the edge of the Jammy Dodger II above the green water and swung back above the boat. When he landed, he had a big grin on his face and tied it to the mast. \"That is always fun.\" Roddy said out loud. \"But I do have to admit, I don't have the softest hands in the world by doing that.\" Roddy walked away to do some other chores on the boat. The giant ipod was blasting music towards the front of the boat. The slugs also sang with the lyrics to the song. Roddy, Rita and Liam shared the human-sized ipod that had fallen from up top. They each had their own playlist of their favorite songs. Naturally, Roddy being the easy-going type, loved every genre of music. It wasn't as good as having the big boom box his owner Tabitha used to have though. Roddy and the slugs were singing and dancing to the song \"For a Pessimist, I am Pretty Optimistic,\" by Paramore. That was Rita's favorite band. Rita loved the alternative and rock music the best. \" I put my faith in you so much faith and then you, just threw it away.\" Roddy and the slugs sang as Roddy was mopping the deck. The boat was parked, waiting for Rita. As Roddy and the slugs sang a little while longer, Liam rode up on his skateboard. The skateboard was originally a minature toy from up top. Liam and Roddy were pretty close. Although, most of the time, Liam and Rita would always be bickering. Typical brother and sister mode. Liam greeted Roddy with a smile, which exposed his new electric blue braces he had gotten a month ago. \"Hi Roddy!\" Liam said picking up his skateboard and laying it on the little couch on the boat. Roddy returned the hello, wiping sweat off his forehead. \"Is Rita still at the post office?\" Liam asked. Roddy nodded. \"I can't believe you all couldn't check your mail with the henchrats chasing you guys down,\" Roddy added. \"Ugh, I know.\" Liam replied. \"They've been chasing us for months. It kind of ruined my sophmore year. I was too afriad to skateboard by myself after school for a while. But, I eventually got used to it. They wanted Rita more than the rest of us.\" Rita eventually walked onto her boat with a pile of letters and a newspaper in hand. \"A-hoy Captain!\" Roddy saluted. Rita rolled her eyes playfully. Strans of her red hair dangled on the sides of her face escaping her messy bun. It was even tied with a navy blue bandana. \"So what mail have we been missing out on?\" Liam asked. \"Mostly junk,\" Rita replied. \"Also a few bills, and... hey, what's this?\" she asked finding a flyer for a a ceremony in town square for a new Queen. \"There's a woman elected as Queen for the sewers?!\" Liam asked in disbelief. \"I guess so,\" Rita replied. She then looked at the date. \"Wow, and it's today!\" \"We should check that out.\" Roddy replied. They both then walked to Town Square. As the trio was walking, two shadows lurked behind a crate in a market adjacent to the Jammy Dodger II. They belonged to Spike and Whitey. Spike had hand-made binoculars up to his beady blue eyes, glaring at the rats that cost him his job. \"I hate them so much.\" Spike murmured. \"And I am not homeless! I live with me mum!\" Spike continued spying on them. \"I know but Spike, they've walked somewhere.\" Whitey said, making it a little too obvious. Spike shot him a look. \"Well don't just stand there staring at me with your freak-ish pink eyes!\" Spike said. \"Let's follow them!\" They then started following them stealthy hiding behind several objects until they found a spot behind a minature market booth where they had a good view of Roddy, Rita and Liam. There was a minature stage set up out of cardboard boxes in Town Square, and an old woman was standing on it with a middle-aged man in a tuxcedo. There was also an audience, and they were clapping making the old woman smile brightly and cheery. She was about 75 years old. A silver tiara with fake amethyst jewels that once belonged to a doll was on her head. \"I present to you, your new Queen; Queen Genevieve!\" the middle-aged rat said as the audience clapped. Roddy, Rita and Liam admired the new Queen. \"Now, as your Queen, I have some simple changes to our sewers.\" she started. \"But first, as you may know, a brave young rat has saved us all from the great floods. If he is here today with us, I would love for Roddy St. James to come up on the stage!\" the audience clapped and Roddy blushed a little. Several heads turned to look at him. Rita nudged him with his elbow to go up on stage. He climbed up the cardboard stage and was very shy. \"Don't be shy dear.\" she said. \"In fact, why don't you bring your friends up?\" Rita and Liam then came up on stage next to him. Roddy put an arm around both Rita and Liam. \"Now, I admire how brave and heroic it was for you to save us from the horrible flood!\" Queen Genevive started. She then looked at Rita and Liam. \"And you must be Rita, and perhaps one of her relatives?\" Liam nodded to the Queen. \"I heard everything about how your family was in that whole situation with the Toad, and I feel that it is an outrage. Because of that, I feel that these henchrats or whatever they are called, need to be taught a very important lesson.\" \"Yeah!\" Rita and Liam shouted and high-fived each other. Spike growled at this through his paper binoculars. \"But,\" The Queen continued on to make Liam and Rita focus more on her speech. \"I feel that since you were all involved in this flood/Toad catastrophe, all of you rats, including that rude french frog, need to learn more class and charm on how to get along. \" Roddy, Rita and Liam's smiles started disappearing. \"I don't want anyone fighting and being hunted down anymore! So I am sending all of you to Edison's Charm School.\" By then, everyone's mouths had dropped, including Spike and Whitey's. This meant that Spike and Whitey had to go as well, as well as all the other henchrats and Le Frog. \"Wait, why do we have to go to Charm School?!\" Rita asked angrily pointing to her and Roddy. \"Especially Roddy! What did he do to make him go to Charm School? I mean, he's the one rat here that is very posh and intelligent!\" The Queen wasn't very happy with Rita's tone of voice, but stayed calm about the whole situation. \"Well, maybe you will all learn a lesson, and anything to stop fighting and aggressiveness.\" The Queen replied. With Roddy being so close to Rita as friends, he can predict her every move and know what she was thinking. He knew she wanted to pounce on her. Roddy grabbed her hand before Rita made a single move. However, Rita would never hurt an old lady, even though she was really upset with her and was imagining it. There was nothing Roddy and Rita could say, so they just walked off the cardboard stage and walked home in silence. Spike and Whitey weren't very happy either. \"I can't believe she did that!\" Spike said a little too loudly. Several heads turned to the direction of the booth and both Spike and Whitey ducked back down. Roddy, Rita and Liam saw them, but Spike and Whitey were the least of their worries right now.[Chapter 2] In the middle of Picadilly, an announcer came to talk about the news of Charm School in full detail once everyone had left. Roddy, Rita, Liam and all the others who were involved with the flood crisis could care less. They didn't even bother to listen to the announcer. They were at the Malone house sitting at the dining room doll's table thinking all of this over. Since Roddy gave Rita the genuine ruby and emerald, they got a bigger house. It was a white doll's mansion with a spiral staircase that made it easier for Rita and her family to get to all their rooms. The table they were sitting at was also pretty fancy, with yellow flower petals spread out across the surface of the table. Rita tapped her fingers against the top in a rhythmic way. \"I guess it's wise for us to go to learn to not cause something like that ever again,\" Roddy started. \"But why Charm School? I came from a posh family up top for crying out loud!\" \"I wouldn't mind going,\" Rita answered. \"But I totally agree with you Roddy. You don't need Charm School! You're the one who tells me to stop cussing all the time!\" \"Yeah, because you cuss like a sailor!\" Roddy replied. \"Rod, I am a sailor!\" Rita answered. Roddy thought for barely a second. \"Oh, yeah, that's right.\" He replied a little embarrassed. \"Sorry, my mind is just wiped out by this whole thing. Does she really think it's a good idea that we all go to school together? Even the frogs?\" \"I guess she does.\" Rita replied. \"Hopefully the Toad is too tied up to go.\" \"If it makes you two feel better, I'll come too.\" Liam added in. \"Oh Liam, you don't have to.\" Rita said. \"You weren't involved and this could be torture for you.\" \"I love hanging out with you guys.\" Liam replied. \"Also, if you both have to torture, I'll torture with you.\" \"You're sure you want to go through with it?\" Rita asked. Liam nodded. \"Ok then. You better get packing.\" \"Right!\" Liam answered and ran up the giant spiral staircase. \"I guess we better get packing too.\" Roddy replied sadly. Him and Rita were not looking forward to this at all. Later that night, Roddy just laid on top of his bed on his side and thought. His pet slug Lenny was at the edge of the bed curled up in a little ball. He watched the lava bubbles form in the giant purple lava lamp used as Roddy's light source in his room. It was really quiet except for the splashing of water from boats outside his window. \"I don't get it.\" Roddy said to Lenny. \"I don't get how this is going to help us getting along. It wasn't like we were in High School fighting or anything, we were just being hunted down! I like the thought of just being picked on in high school better however.\" \"Have you ever been to a high school?\" Lenny asked. \"Why no,\" Roddy answered as he sat up. \"I've been up top all my life until now. I never knew what going to school was like.\" \"You should look it up on your iPod Touch.\" Lenny suggested. \"Might as well,\" Roddy said as he got up and walked over to the giant iPod Touch against the wall. That was their only internet access; by humans' iPod's and cell phones. Roddy touched all the links he found with his finger. He pulled up a particular high school from up top in Kensington. \"Sounds like fun.\" Roddy said amazed. \"They have so many different classes and activities!\" Lenny laughed a little. \"Yeah if the people you learn with aren't total jerks to you.\" he said. \"Huh?\" Roddy answered. \"It's like you said. People and rats fight in high school all the time! And it is usually another person's fault.\" \"Well, I wouldn't say that.\" Roddy answered. \"We could be mean and not know it. Take Rita for example. There were a couple of times I thought she really crossed the line when she got frustrated with me. But that's just her personality. She probably doesn't realize it and there are a lot of nice times we have together.\" \"School's social trauma is way more complicated than that.\" Lenny replied. \"How so?\" Roddy asked. \"Nevermind,\" Lenny answered yawning a squeaky little slug yawn. \"You'll find out soon enough tomorrow at Charm School.\" Roddy turned off his lava lamp from the giant wire sticking through the wall and played a few songs on the iPod touch before going to sleep. All the songs described Roddy's anxiety. He put on one song in particular. \"Faster,\" by Sofi de la Torre. While the song was in the middle of the chorus, Roddy stared solumnly at the ceiling of the Malone house. I can't believe I am actually going to a real school tomorrow. Roddy thought to himself laying on his side and gripping part of the sheet. I wonder if I will be picked on for the first time in my life. That song was set on repeat and Roddy eventually drifted off to sleep forgetting to turn the song off. It was around 3 a.m. when Roddy started having a horrific dream. He heard a baby's cry. But it was pitch black. He couldn't even see anything. He yelled for help, unaware that this was just a dream. The only thing that came out of his mouth were more baby cries. He then heard a woman's voice. \"Don't cry honey,\" the voice said. It sounded so elegant and enchanting. Roddy then saw something. He saw a blurry vision of the woman. He couldn't quite make out her face, but he saw that she had long dark brown curly hair, same shade as his. Roddy stuck his arms out, which looked like baby arms. Every noise out of his mouth was a baby's cry. \"Here Roddy, this will help you sleep.\" The woman said. Suddenly, a plastic rose charm was placed above Roddy's head. Even though it was plastic and remarkably small for a mouse, it had rubies engraved on the petals and emeralds engraved on the very few leaves. Roddy's voice was then a little slient gurgle. He touched the rose charm. It made a jingling noise. Suddenly, everything swirled into nothingness very quickly. Roddy's eyes flashed open. A little hue of white light was barely shining through Roddy's window. It was from a little moonlight shining from the hole in the sewer plate that wasn't too far from the house. The song on repeat was still playing with it's rhythmic tune. Roddy felt very dizzy as he barely moved his legs to turn off the iPod touch. However, his dizzy feeling wasn't an ordinary tired feeling, it was much worse. What was that? Roddy thought to himself. That dream felt so weird, almost like it really happened. Roddy was too tired to figure it out though. He just climbed back in bed and fell back asleep. He was too tired to even have another dream. Roddy was then awoken to something licking his cheek. Lenny. The slugs were a lot like dogs in the world of Ratopolis. \"Rise and shine!\" Lenny said bouncing off the bed. It was silent in Roddy's room except for all of the boats passing by. Light was now streaming through his window. \"Ugh my first day at my first school.\" Roddy said rubbing his eyes. \"Wonderful.\"[Chapter 3] Roddy took off his striped pajamas and put on a blue gingham button up shirt and white pants. He also freshened up and combed his dark brown hair with a doll's hair comb. He grabbed his rat-sized suit-case and his glasses. Roddy was perscribed to wear glasses only when reading when he first started living in the sewers. Even though they were black hipster glasses from a hipster doll up top, they still helped Roddy see...and also made him look cool. Roddy put the glasses on despite the fact he wasn't reading anything yet and met up with Rita and Liam outside on the Jammy Dodger II. \"Welp, it's time to begin.\" Roddy said feeling a little awkward. Rita half smiled at him. Rita's parents were on the boat as well to drive it back to the house. Rita, Liam and Roddy weren't allowed to leave the campus by boat while they stayed. The whole boat ride was silent. It was mostly because of being so tired though. I haven't been to a school in years, Rita thought to herself. She began having horror flashbacks from high school. She flinched, trying not to get mad all over again of things that happened almost 7 years ago. Rita was wearing her hair in a messy bun again but with a rubber band pulling it back, a white long-sleeved shirt with a beige under shirt, a long red scottish plaid skirt, and big, high white laced up boots with spikes that almost reached the hem of the skirt. Liam was just wearing his usual black clothes however. He was holding his skateboard, but was worried that he couldn't use it at a strict school like Edison. They finally arrived and everyone started getting anxious. \"Bye you guys!\" Rita and Liam's parents said. \"Try to make the best of it. We will see you whenever you get out!\" Rita, Roddy and Liam stepped off the boat and the Jammy Dodger II started driving away. \"Oh my gosh that's right!\" Roddy said. \"We don't even know when we can leave!\" They all groaned and stared at the white building. It was a castle, which made it even more mysterious. Everyone there was already in school uniform having breakfast. Some rats were outside on a few tables and the rest were all inside. The only new rats there were the ones Queen Genivive called to go. There was also a green creature standing there with a suitcase...Le Frog. \"Oh no,\" Roddy, Rita and Liam all groaned at once they all saw him. Le Frog hopped over towards them. \"Well bonjour wretched vermin!\" Le Frog greeted saracastically sounding polite. \"Hello Le Frog...\" They all replied at once sounding annoyed. \"Awe what's ze matter?\" Le Frog asked. \"You rats don't like coming to ze Charm School? Well it can't be all zat bad!\" \"You are part of ze reason we are all here!\" Rita replied mocking Le Frog's french accent. Le Frog just ignored Rita and turned to look at Roddy. \"Huh huh huh! I see zat your new boyfriend is quite on ze nerdy side!\" he said laughing at Roddy wearing his glasses. Roddy fondled his fingers and blushed bright red. Rita did too, and was angry. \"He is not my boyfriend!\" Rita quickly grumbled. Le Frog then walked away with his giant webbed feet. \"Au revior mon petite chou!\" He replied walking away. Rita still glared at him. He had just called her \"My little cabbage\" in french. \"At least the Toad isn't here.\" Liam replied. \"Le Frog is harmless compared to him.\" Suddenly, Roddy saw a sight that made him want to jump in the sewer water and swim back to the Malone house. Sid was there. He dropped his two suitcases and ran towards Roddy. \"RODDY!\" Sid screamed. \"Oh no..\" Roddy said. \"No no no no NO NO NO!\" Sid then grabbed Roddy and gave him a tight hug. He even picked Roddy up off his feet! Roddy made a little unpleasent squeal. Sid then put Roddy down. \"What are you doing here Sid?\" Rita asked not annoyed by Sid as much as Roddy was. \"I was going to surprise you when I came down here yesterday!\" Sid replied. \"Tabitha and her family were on vacation again, so I thought I'd visit you two! But then I heard about the Queen's orders for you all to come to Charm School. I thought I had a little bit to do with the Toad's situation, so I came.\" \"Sid, nothing the Toad did was your fault.\" Rita replied. \"Yes, but I was with you before Roddy came.\" he replied. \"Also, I felt that I could be company to all of you in Charm School. I'll see you around!\" Sid then walked away. \"I'd take Le Frog ANY DAY over Sid.\" Roddy whispered to Rita. All the henchrats arrived then too. Spike was complaining the whole time. \"Spike, will you please shut up?\" Lady Killer finally told Spike. \"We all have to be here, you might as well get over it!\" Soon, a woman came to the front of the school to greet them all. A lot of the henchrats started smiling big and Rita and Liam were getting a little jittery. Roddy didn't understand why. Rita couldn't take it anymore and she and Liam were jumping up and down like little six year old girls squealing. \"Who is that?\" Roddy asked Rita. \"That's Ariana Wienberg!\" Rita whispered to Roddy. \"She's awesome! Her husband was in a rock and roll band! She's like the rat version of the human Sharon Osborne from up top!\" Roddy knew who Sharon was and his eyes lit up. \"Wow she is awesome!\" Roddy replied. She then started speaking without any speakers or microphones to help her. 'Welcome new students!\" she started. She had a stack of papers in hand. The rats haven't invented clip boards yet so she was holding them the best she could. \"As some of you may know, I am Ariana Wienberg. I am the headmistress of Edison's Charm School and I know you were all involved in the flood catastrophe with that bloody Toad. The Queen ordered you all here to learn a lesson to not treat people the way you have been treating them. Although some of you such as you, Roderick St. James, don't need to be here, I still advise you to follow all the rules and still try to better yourselves. Also, who is this I may ask?\" Ariana pointed to Liam. \"Oh that's my little brother Liam Malone.\" Rita replied. \"He is the closest to us, and felt he should be here. Same with our friend Sidney over there.\" Rita then pointed to Sid. \"Alright then.\" Ariana replied. \"That is perfectly fine. Before I send you off into the wild blue yonder with your checklist and class schedule, I will read out loud the main rules of Charm School: 1. No Fighting (Physical and verbal) 2. No taunting/teasing 3. Try your best not to make a mess in the Cafeteria 4. Please follow the Dress Code accordingly 5. No leaving Campus by vehicle (but you can walk to certain places no more than 3 blocks away). 6. (Please, I am begging you), no boy/girl relationship\" Everyone started giggling a little at that. So did Ariana. \"I know it's funny to hear that, but seriously, I do not want to have to hear all that from your bedrooms and having to tell you to stop! Ok continuing on: 7. No weapons allowed 8. You must wear your school uniforms at all times when in class and at breakfast. 9. You must come to class everyday and be on time You will learn more in the Charm School handbook but those are the main rules. I will now hand you a checklist and schedule and you must go to the library to pick up your books and find your rooms. After you do all that, you can join everyone else at breakfast. You don't need any money for the food here. Breakfast started 10 minutes ago so there is no need to rush. Tah-tah!\" Ariana then started handing out the checklists and schedules. Everyone was still unhappy about wearing school uniforms. The books which were just scraps of papers stapled together were all on manners and ediquette. Only two specific teachers were qualified to teach everyone in the flood incident. Roddy looked at his schedule and tried to fully understand it: Wake up at 6 a.m Breakfast 7:00-8:00 Class 8:00-9:30 Study Break 9:30-10:30 Class Exercise 10:30-11:50 Lunch Break 11:50- 12:30 Free Time 12:30 to 18:00 Supper 18:00-19:00 Free Time 19:00-21:00 Curfew 21:00 That's a lot to remember, Roddy thought to himself. All the doors in the school had their names imprinted on a sign. The boys and the girls had seperate floors. Le Frog also had his own room away from all of the rats. Roddy's roomates ended up being Thimblenose Ted and another male rat named Connor. Roddy felt odd for staying with a henchrat who tried to kill him last month. When Roddy walked into the room and saw Thimblenose Ted there, they both avoided each other. Neither one of them was happy. The other rat Connor wasn't in the room at the moment however. Roddy just walked into his side of the room. The bed spread on his bed matched his blue gingham shirt, and there were a lot of empty shelves for Roddy to fill. There was also a white wardrobe that once belonged to a Snow Princess's doll house. Roddy set his suitcase on the bed and opened it up. \"HI RODDY!\" Lenny suddenly popped out without warning. Roddy squealed and fell backwards. Thimblenose Ted gave him a weird look hearing Roddy's squeal. \"Lenny?! What are you doing here?!\" Roddy asked putting his hand on his heart. It was pounding rapidly from being scared for a second. \"I snuck into your suitcase so I could be in Charm School with you!\" Lenny said. \"I'd miss you too much, and I could keep you company!\" Roddy half smiled, but he was still worried that he wasn't allowed to have pets. \"I don't know if Ariana will let us have slugs here,\" Roddy said. \"But, I guess you can stay. No need for Rita's parents to come back here again and take you home.\" Lenny squealed a little \"Yay!\" and did a back flip. The bed to the left of Roddy's belonged to Thimblenose Ted. He walked in the room with the usual annoyed look on his face. \"Ugh you're rooming with that freak?\" Lenny said. Roddy gave him a shocked look. \"Lenny!\" Roddy cried. \"No need.\" Thimblenose Ted said. He just stared slowly at Roddy and Lenny as he sat his suitcase on the bed and walked out of the room. Roddy felt creeped out. \"He's like a vampire!\" Roddy exclaimed. \"Nah, he's just mad and creepily sarcastic.\" Lenny replied. \"Lenny, do you think I should watch my back around him?\" Roddy asked. \"I really wouldn't, but just in case, try to avoid him at all costs.\" Lenny replied. Roddy and Lenny's eyes widened thinking of how and if Thimblenose Ted would do anything to them, especially for leaving him jobless.[Chapter 4] Sid, Whitey and Fat Barry all shared a room. Whitey and Fat Barry already started talking to one another but Sid seemed really annoyed. Liam, Spike and Ladykiller shared another room. Spike was still complaining while Liam and Ladykiller shook their heads at each other. \"Why should I be here anyways?\" Spike ranted on. \"It's all that wretched posh wimp's fault we are here anyways!\" \"Spike will you please shut up?!\" Ladykiller shouted hitting his breaking point. He chewed slowly on a match stick, used for a cigarette. \"I'm just saying!\" Spike continued. He formed fists and put them on his hips. \"Don't you have a journal or something you can write all this down in? Because we really don't want to hear it.\" Liam said. Spike was about to make a comback, he even pointed his finger, but couldn't figure out what to say back. \"Oh fine!\" He said as he walked away from them. Liam and Ladykiller laughed a little shaking their heads. To their surprise, Liam and Ladykiller were already getting along. On the girls' floor, Rita was trying to find her room. She seemed really nervous for the fact that she is the only girl out of the bunch, and she will have a room with complete strangers. Rita's heart began pounding out of anxiety. Girls... more girls to make fun of her, to talk bad about her, to annoy her. She finally found a door with her name on the sign. It read: Rita Malone Kandi Collingsworth Tiffany Ringshire Here goes nothing, Rita thought to herself. She slowly turned the door knob and stepped in. She turned around to close the door behind her. \"AHHHHHHHHH!\" a girl squealed. Soon, a girl with bleach blonde hair came running towards Rita smiling. Rita turned around frightened \"What the?!\" She started. But before she could finish, the blonde girl grabbed onto her giving her a tight hug. \"YAY! ANOTHER ROOMATE!\" she squealed. While still clinging onto Rita, she started jumping in place. She even made a bunch of weird giggles. \"Ok! Ok!\" Rita shouted. The girl still jumped up and down. \"OK!\" Rita screetched as loud as she could. The girl let go. Rita stared at her oddly. \"Sorry,\" the girl apologized softly with her bubbly smile disappearing. \"I enjoy company.\" \"But, you knew there was going to be two other girls here because of the sign right?\" Rita asked. The girl thought for a minute. \"Oh yeah huh?\" she said. Rita stared at her blankly. \"Well anyways my name is Kandi,\" the girl said putting her hand out for Rita to shake. Rita was reluctant at first. \"I'm Rita.\" she finally said shaking Kandi's hand. \"Nice to meet you.\" Why me oh why me?! Rita thought to herself after she pretended to enjoy Kandi's company. \"Hey Tiff!\" Kandi turned her head towards the door where the beds were and called. \"The other girl Rita is here! The one who saved us with that cutie Millicent Byrander?\" \"Uhh, don't you mean Milicent Bystander?\" Rita asked Kandi. \"Oh my gosh he was just a bystander?!\" Kandi cried. \"I thought he saved us and was here because he was involved with that flood situation!\" Rita gave her a weird look shaking her head in disbelief. \"Awesome!\" A brunette girl said as she came out of the bedrooms. \"Gold\" By Victoria Justice was screaming from an iPod inside the room with the beds as she opened the door. She walked over to Rita and put her hand out. \"I'm Tiffany Ringshire.\" she said politely. Rita smiled and shook her hand. \"Hi,\" she replied. Rita knew that she and Tiffany were the kind of girls who would get along. \"I am part of the school's athletic program.\" Tiffany said. \"I do any sport you can skate on. Rollar blades, ice skates, and skateboards.\" \"Just like my little sister,\" Kandi added. \"Her name is Natasha a.k.a Bubbles. She goes to this school as well.\" \"No kidding,\" Rita answered interested. \"My little brother Liam is going here as well. He insisted to come with us.\" \"So, are you and Millicent like...together?\" Kandi asked excited changing the subject. Rita stared at her oddly for a second again. \"Well um, not exactly...\" Rita started. \"WOO-HOO!\" Kandi jumped up and down and started charging for the door to go find Roddy. \"WAIT A MINUTE!\" Rita called running after her and quickly threw her bags onto the floor. \"OK FIRST OFF, HIS NAME IS RODDY, AND SECOND OF ALL, HE DOESN'T KNOW YOU AND THIRD,...JUST COME BACK!\" Rita screamed as she chased Kandi down the hall. Tiffany stared at the doorway listening to Kandi giggling and screaming and Rita shouting after her. Tiffany just shrugged and started singing the lyrics to Victoria Justice's song as she walked back into the bedroom. All of Edison's new students got into their school uniforms and started getting breakfast in the Cafeteria. The boys' uniforms were a white oxford shirt, a dark blue jacket and green and blue plaid pants. The girls' were the same with the exception of a green and blue plaid skirt with sky blue tall socks and boots of their choice. The boys were also allowed to wear any shoes they wanted to everyone's surprise. Kandi looked around the Cafeteria, still looking for Roddy. Rita gave up on chasing her and just put her uniform on to find Roddy herself. The thing was, Rita had some feelings for Roddy, but since they have grown to be close friends, she felt it would be better if they just stayed that way. However, Kandi running off to find Roddy made Rita a little jealous, she just didn't realize it. Rita found Roddy getting a slice of an apple and putting it on the tray. \"Hey Rod!\" Rita called. Roddy turned to look at Rita and smiled brightly. \"Hi!\" He said happy to see her. Rita walked up to him with her tray already full of food. \"I feel ridiculous.\" Roddy whispered to Rita pointing to his leg to show her his pants. Rita half smiled. \"I hear you.\" she told him. \"I hate wearing ruffly skirts like this.\" They found a cream-colored round table bench in the middle of the crowded, loud room full of book smart rats. They both sat down and layed their trays on the table. \"So, who are your roomates?\" Rita asked shaking her cream-colored napkin out to set it on her lap. \"Thimblenose Ted and someone named Connor Jenkins.\" Roddy replied. \"Ew you're with Ted?!\" Rita exclaimed. \"He has always been really awkward and saracastic. I remember seeing him around in high school.\" \"He gives me the creeps!\" Roddy shuddered. \"He keeps giving me these death glares, like he's going to suddenly pounce on me or something.\" \"I know the feeling,\" Rita replied rubbing her shoulder remembering Kandi's surprise attack. \"I'm rooming with an athletic skater named Tiffany.\" Rita said. \"Appearently, this school has a bunch of clubs and sports to join to help make rats happier and outgoing.\" \"That seems cool.\" Roddy replied. \"It's totally cool!\" Liam said to them as he sat down with his tray next to Roddy. \"I am going to try to get into the skateboarding program. I am already pretty good at it!\" \"There is also this really annoying girl I am rooming with,\" Rita continued on. \"Her name is Kandi Collingsworth. She seems to have a bit of a crush on you Roddy.\" Liam elbowed Roddy in the arm playfully and Roddy started blushing. \"Really?\" Roddy asked. \"Yeah but I should warn you,\" Rita started. \"She's...\" \"AHHHHHHHHH!\" Kandi came running and screaming before Rita could finish her sentence. \"MILLICENT!\" she shouted and hugged Roddy from behind. Roddy giggled a little in shock at how hyper Kandi was. \"Hi umm...very happy girl.\" he replied. Roddy thought she was funny but felt slightly uncomfortable. \"My name is Kandi!\" she shouted with a big smile on her face jumping up and down. Roddy started blushing again and his eyes widened. Even though Kandi was cute, she seemed to be a little creepy towards him. \"Hi Kandi,\" he managed to say. \"My name is actually Roddy, and not Millicent.\" \"Oh!\" Kandi replied folding her hands together and stretching her arms out in front of her. \"My mistake.\" \"Kandi, I told you on the way here his real name is Roddy.\" Rita reminded her. \"Oh yeah huh?\" Kandi replied. Rita rolled her eyes. Why me oh why me?! Rita thought to herself again. \"My name is Liam,\" Liam said to her smiling, showing off his dark blue braces. \"Oh, you must be Rita's little brother!\" Kandi replied. He smiled and nodded. \"Nice to meet you! I have a little sister that is your age, she's over there.\" Kandi pointed to another round cream-colored table diagonally from the table they were at. It was also further away from them. At the side of the table was a blonde girl eating a miniture form of an omlette. She licked her plastic black fork even though nothing was on it and looked in a different direction. She had sea-green eyes while her sister had blue eyes that looked more turquoise. Liam's smile went away when he saw her. His eyes widened and his heart seemed to skip some beats, making a fluttery warm feeling in his chest. In Liam's mind, all the rats surrounding her in the room disappeared and silver stars took their place, circling Kandi's sister. \"My,\" Liam whispered staring at her direction still. \"What is her name?\" \"Her name is Natasha, but she prefers to be called Bubbles.\" Kandi replied. \"We are both bubbly and outgoing girls but she is a little bit more sporty than I am. She does a lot of skateboarding with my roomate Tiffany. Bubbles has won three gold medals in the skateboard competitions.\" Liam seemed even more amazed after that statement. \"Really?!\" he cried seeing how him and this girl had the same interests. \"Yeah, but aside from her sporty/tomboy side, she is still pretty girly and me and her are always happy to be around other rats, so her friends gave her the nickname Bubbles when she was 6 years old. I would be called Bubbles too if my sister wasn't already called that.\" Kandi replied. Liam slowly started getting a smile again watching Bubbles tap her foot to the rhythm of a song she was mumbling to herself. No one could hear what it was though. \"Liam?\" Roddy called looking at him. He waved his hand in front of his face. Liam never responded. \"Uh oh, looks like Liam has a first-day-of-school-crush!\" Rita said. She and Roddy shook their heads laughing. Kandi stood there smiling at all of them. Spike, Whitey and the other henchrats were at another table further away from Roddy, Rita and Liam and closer to the table with Bubbles and her friends. \"And Liam and Sid don't even need to be here if...\" Spike started ranting again. \"Spike, put a sock in it!\" Ladykiller quickly shouted fed up with Spike's complaining. \"Make me!\" Spike fought back. Thimblenose Ted was sitting to the right of Spike and started giving him a death glare, moving his head closer to his. Spike squealed a little girl scream \"OK!\" Spike cried scared Thimblenose Ted would do something to hurt him. Spike started looking around feeling unwanted. His eyes landed on Bubbles. Just like Liam, Spike was having the same fluttery feeling in his chest as he stared in her direction. For the first time in a really long time, Spike actually smiled, and not a devilish smile. \"Blimey is he actually smiling?!\" Whitey asked shocked. All the other henchrats stared shockingly at Spike. Ladykiller looked in the direction to where he was staring. Lady Killer chuckled a little. \"Ho-ho! Spike is checking out the skater chick!\" he said. Fat Barry and Whitey started giggling to each other. \"Ugh, Spike is getting all mushy now?!\" Thimblenose Ted said with his arms folded shaking his head at Spike. \"Hey Spike?\" Ladykiller called. Spike didn't answer. \"Dude?\" he called again. Ladykiller then slapped Spike upside the head. \"Ow!\" Spike shouted as he put a hand to feel where Ladykiller just hit him. Spike's eyes landed on Bubbles again. \"You're falling for the Bubbles chick?\" Ladykiller asked. \"But, she's a rat, not a chick.\" Whitey said. Fat Barry smiled big, agreeing with Whitey. Thimblenose Ted and Ladykiller looked at them strangely. \"I...I guess I am.\" Spike replied to Ladykiller. \"Then go make a move on her.\" Ladykiller told him. \"Tell her that her eyes light up the whole city of London. Girls go all out for that crap.\" \"I...I can't.\" Spike said. \"Why not?\" Thimblenose Ted asked in his sarcastic deep voice. \"Well, I have...I have never really felt like this before. I am even kind of scared. When I saw her I just felt...all of the evil fly out of me. I feel on top of the world with her love. On top of that, I don't want to find out what a broken heart feels like.\" \"Oh puke!\" Thimblenose Ted commented. \"Look Spike, just talk to the girl.\" Ladykiller replied. \"If she doesn't like you back then it's her loss. There will always be another girl you'll like.\" \"Not while I'm eating!\" Thimblenose Ted commented again trying to scoop sunnyside up eggs on a spoon. \"Shouldn't you be using a fork?\" Fat Barry asked. \"NO!\" Thimblenose Ted shouted quickly. \"Alright!\" Fat Barry replied immediately afterwards. \"Look Spike, I feel in love once,\" Thimblenose Ted started up. \"Of course at your age, there is no such thing as love. Anyways, I liked a woman once, I liked her for a year and then she rejected me. Led me on feeling like she actually had a crush on me and then when I actually asked her, she shot me down. It was all a game. Let's face it Spike, you'll get your heartbroken either way. You might as well stay away.\" Spike looked a little disappointed and just turned around to finish his breakfast. He hoped that he would get over this crush so he'd feel better again.[Chapter 5] Chapter 5, Crushes After breakfast, the bell rang and everyone scrambled to their lockers to get their books and have quick chats before class. Roddy was wearing his glasses and was clutching his book on Dining Ediquette. That was their first class on the first day of Charm School. He walked down the hall seeing a romantic but disturbing sight, everyone around him were couples...making out. Roddy felt surrounded by rats kissing, making him feel left out. \"I wonder what that feels like,\" Roddy whispered to himself sadly. Ever since he was fourteen years old, he wanted to know what a kiss from a girl felt like. He walked into the classroom curious and sadly. Bubbles was stuffing books into her backpack from her locker. Liam soon came up to her, clutching a book to his chest. He started blushing. \"Hi,\" he greeted her. \"Hey!\" Bubbles greeted back with a smile on her face. \"I'm Liam,\" \"I'm Bubbles!\" They both introduced. Liam started feeling a little awkward and his eyes started wandering around. He then saw Bubbles's skateboard in her locker. \"I see you skateboard!\" Liam said even though he already knew she did. \"I do a lot of skateboarding myself.\" \"Oh really?\" Bubbles smiled. \"Yeah, I skateboard a lot but stopped a little when the Toad was chasing my family.\" Liam replied. \"Oh my gosh, are you one of the rats that Queen Genivieve forced to come here?\" Bubbles said paying more attention to him and closing her locker. \"Well, not exactly.\" Liam replied. \"My sister Rita and her friend Roddy were forced here, but I came just to be with them.\" \"That's sweet of you!\" Bubbles said. Her smile made Liam even more jittery inside. \"Listen, I have to practice a lot of skateboarding behind the school where all of the other sports' equipment are. Want to come skate with me?\" Bubbles asked to break the silence. Liam was stunned. \"Well yes, I would love...\" Liam started. However, he was interrupted by someone pushing him away from Bubbles, Spike. \"Hey,\" he said as he stepped in front of Liam. Liam glared at Spike in shock. Bubbles was surprised too. \"I once owned a real ruby,\" Spike said lying.\"Umm, sure ok.\" Bubbles responded. The bell then rang. Spike then felt awkward. \"Ok bye,\" he said running away. Bubbles stared in his direction oddly. She began to walk away and Liam was too. \"Hey,\" Bubbles said to Liam making him turn around. \"See you tomorrow night. I'll come find you.\" She smiled at him. Liam smiled too and walked in the other direction to go to his first class of Charm School. Everyone that the Queen forced to be there were the only ones in the classroom. One of Ariana's Charm School deans was the teacher named Jessica. She had long, light brown hair. She started teaching them about having manners when eating at a table. They even learned about table settings. This was their first class because you eat meals everyday especially at Charm School, and it is the basic lesson to not being rude. Their class exercise was to set a table in under 30 seconds. Most of them didn't do so well. Even though that seemed difficult, no one seemed to mind. However, they were in shock that they all had to write a three-paged essay on the arts of napkin folding which was due the next day and they even had a test the next day. Rita and Spike have yet to stop complaining. Roddy knew all of the dining etiquette information though, including all of the different ways to fold a napkin. That night, Roddy sat on his bed writing the essay. It was a breeze for him. Just then, Rita walked in. \"Roddy, I seriously need help!\" she said showing him her notebook which had only two sentences on it. \"It says all the different ways to fold the napkins on page 44,\" Roddy told her. He then moved his dining etiquette book from the bed in her direction showing her the page it was written on. \"I know but how do they expect us to write three full pages on it?!\" Rita asked. \"Just do what I did, write each paragraph on a different napkin fold and how to fold it.\" Roddy replied. \"There are at least 27 different napkin folds.\" \"I know but...\" Rita started again. \"Ugh I just hate being here!\" She finally said sitting on the bed next to Roddy throwing her notebook on the ground. \"Why did you have to be a hero and get us all into Charm School?\" Roddy knew she wasn't be serious, but still found it surprising that she said that. \"If it wasn't for me, you all wouldn't be living here anymore. In fact, you wouldn't be living at all anymore!\" Roddy answered. \"And don't blame me, it's the Queen's reason we are here. She insisted we all be here and since we were in that huge catastrophe, they are going strict on us.\" Roddy sat up to sit closer to Rita. \"Here, how about I help you. What do you have written so far?\" Rita picked up her notebook from her feet and read aloud her two sentences; \"In the arts of Dining Etiquette and experience, there are several ways to fold a napkin for a dinner party. The severals ways to fold are...\" Rita then stopped, showing Roddy that was all she had written down. Roddy adjusted his glasses and looked a little closer at her sentences. \"All you have to do is write down 'Diamond, French, Arrow, Pyramid, Rosebud etc'.\" He told her. \"And then explain them all on three pages?!\" Rita exclaimed. \"I didn't assign it,\" Roddy told her making it obvious. Rita groaned a little. \"Ok fine. I guess I'll just go back to my room and try to study...with Tiffany's music...and Kandi talking about her favorite type of dog...\" Roddy laughed a little. \"Doesn't sound like a very quiet environment.\" he commented. \"No it is not.\" Rita said agreeing with him making a big facial expression. She did not want to go back in her room. \"You must really hate your roomates then,\" Roddy said. \"Well, I mean, I don't necessarily hate them, I mean Tiffany is really cool, but not very talkative. Now Kandi? She's too talkative. It's just like High School all over again I can't help it.\" \"I could help you study tonight.\" Roddy offered. \"Really? You'd do that?\" Rita asked lighting up. \"Thanks Roddy!\" Her smile made Roddy fluttery inside, yet he didn't know why. Rita was his best friend, what was so special about her? \"Ok, after you finish writing that, we'll go through the table setting chapter for tomorrow's test.\" Roddy said. Rita nodded. For about two hours, the room was completely silent with Roddy and Rita working on their essays and studying from the book. \"So, the salad fork goes on the right of the plate right?\" Rita asked as they were studying on the floor with the book open. \"Wrong,\" Roddy said. \"It's actually on the left next to the napkin and dinner fork.\" \"I can't do this,\" Rita said sighing. \"Rita, you can't give up or they'll never let you leave!\" Roddy replied. \"You can do it, trust me.\" Soon, a male rat with black hair and a brown t-shirt came into the room with the beds. He had long hair like Liam's. \"Oh, sorry, I didn't expect anyone to be in here,\" the rat said. \"I'm Connor Jenkins, and you must be one of the other roommates I was told I was getting. Are you Roderick or Ted?\" \"I'm Roderick,\" Roddy replied. \"But you can just call me Roddy.\" \"And Ted is the awkward gothic one,\" Rita commented. \"Rita!\" Roddy quickly said. Connor laughed a little. \"And who are you I may ask?\" Connor asked looking at Rita still laughing. \"I'm Rita. I'm rooming with Tiffany and that annoying girl Kandi.\" Rita replied. \"She's my best friend.\" Roddy added. Connor's eyes lit up. \"You...your roommate is Tiffany?!\" he asked in shocked. Rita nodded. \"Wow, that must be really cool!\" \"Uh, yeah I guess.\" Rita replied looking awkwardly around the room. Was Tiffany really that popular, or was something else going on? \"Well, I should get going,\" Rita said getting up. \"We should study a little more at breakfast.\" Roddy nodded. \"Sure thing Ri!\" he replied. \"Nice meeting you Connor,\" Rita said to Connor shaking his hand. She then turned her head to look towards Roddy again. \"Goodnight!\" she said. \"Goodnight!\" Roddy replied. \"Goodnight!\" Connor also said. \"Goodnight!\" Roddy repeated. \"Don't even start!\" Rita said sternly even though it was a joke. Roddy started laughing as she walked out of the room. He always remembered how annoyed she was on how many times Roddy had told her goodnight when he first fell into the sewers. \"What's so funny?\" Connor asked smiling a little. \"Oh it's just an inside joke me and her have,\" Roddy replied getting off the floor and onto his bed. \"You two seem to be really close,\" Connor said. Roddy smiled and blushed a little. \"Yeah...\" he replied staring dreamily at the ceiling. Thimblenose Ted soon walked in. \"Are you that other dude Connor?\" He asked. \"Um, yeah.\" Connor replied. \"Fun.\" Thimblenose Ted said sarcastically. All of the boys started taking the covers off their beds. Lenny was fast asleep in the little bed Roddy made for him on the floor. \"So, um, what was that all about?\" Roddy asked Connor. \"What do you mean?\" Connor asked. \"Well, you seemed to think it was a blessing for Rita to be rooming with Tiffany, why is that?\" Roddy explained. Connor's smile soon went away and he stared at the ground for a minute. \"Oh, it's nothing.\" he said. \"No it isn't,\" Roddy pried playfully. \"Something's going on about her.\" Connor really didn't want to talk about it, but seeing the expression on Roddy's face, he knew that he wouldn't quit. \"I've liked her since we were nine.\" Connor finally gave in. \"We used to be best friends like you and Rita, but then she signed up for sports. First was soccer, then she just started doing things you can skate on. Her favorite was ice skating when she was eleven. I wonder if it still is...\" \"You could ask her and find out,\" Roddy suggested. \"She probably doesn't even remember me,\" Connor said. \"Anyways, what really made her distant from me was when this jock started going out with her in high school. She never paid anymore attention to me, let alone remember that I existed.\" Connor sighed in sadness. \"Oh brother!\" Thimblenose Ted commented. Roddy and Connor just ignored him. \"So, what about you and Rita?\" Connor asked. Roddy started blushing. \"Um, what about her?\" he asked even though he knew what Connor was going to ask. \"Come on, she can't just be your best friend,\" Connor said. \"I saw the way you looked at her.\" There was no way around this, so Roddy just gave in. He started getting a goofy smile on his face with his cheeks bright and rosy. He stared dreamily at the ceiling again. \"You like her don't you?\" Connor said. \"I...I guess maybe I do.\" Roddy said. He had never entirely noticed it until now. \"You weren't sure?\" Connor asked. \"Well, I mean, I had a bit of a crush on her when we first met and when the Toad was chasing us, but then we became really close friends, so I thought it went away. Maybe...maybe I was wrong. I remember how tingly I felt when she hugged me for the first time.\" \"Barf!\" Thimblenose Ted commented again. \"Well, if you guys are so close, why don't you ask her out?\" Connor asked. \"I don't know,\" Roddy replied. \"I've never had a girlfriend before, so I wouldn't know what to say or do. Also, she might think it's just a friend date. We go out all the time as friends.\" Connor was about to say something but then started cracking up laughing. Roddy gave him a look. \"What's so funny?!\" Roddy asked. \"You've never had a girlfriend before?! That's hilarious!\" he continued laughing with his weird squeaky laugh. Surprisingly, Thimblenose Ted started cracking up too. \"It's true Connor!\" he said. \"He has never EVER had a girlfriend before! Isn't that sad!\" Both rats started laughing with Connor's laugh being the loudest. Roddy stood there with his arms folded. \"Heh heh heh very amusing!\" Roddy mocked. They were both still laughing. Soon, there was a pounding on the door. \"WILL YOU RATS PLEASE SHUT UP?!\" the voice said. It had a french accent, which told them it was Le Frog. There was soon silence and Le Frog went back into his room. Everyone soon got into their pajamas, except for Thimblenose Ted who was wearing boxers...a disturbing sight. \"Shouldn't you be wearing pajamas?\" Roddy asked as everyone got into their beds. \"NO!\" Thimblenose Ted quickly answered. \"OK!\" Roddy replied quickly. \"Anyways, about Rita, I really think you should ask her out.\" Connor said. \"Or at least confess your feelings towards her. It may be easier since you two are close.\" \"I guess,\" Roddy answered. \"But only if you ask Tiffany out.\" \"I...I can't.\" Connor replied. \"We have too great of a past for me to have confedience.\" \"Well, could you at least try to get close to her?\" Roddy asked. Connor nodded thinking about it. \"Alright.\" he said. \"It's a deal.\" \"The faster you two stop talking about this lovey dovey nonsense, the faster I will get some sleep!\" Thimblenose Ted said turned on his side trying to sleep. \"And you all don't want to see me in the morning when I've had lack of sleep...\" Connor wasn't scared. \"Good point!\" Roddy said quickly with his eyes widened. He turned off the giant lightbulb in the room by twisting the wire hooked into the wall. \"But what will he...\" Connor started asking Roddy about Thimblenose Ted. \"You don't want to know.\" Roddy answered quickly before Connor could finish. The boys soon drifted off to sleep. In the girls' room, they were all in their pajamas as well sitting on their beds. Kandi was doodling in a journal. Tiffany had the song \"Stereo Love\" playing on the giant iPod. It was playing softly though, so other rats wouldn't complain and so they could talk. Kandi was giggling little girl giggles as she doodled Roddy's name around a bunch of hearts for the hundreth time. She was getting on Rita's last nerve. \"Will you please stop giggling?!\" She quickly asked annoyed. \"Sorry,\" Kandi said. \"I'm in love.\" she then hugged her journal. \"Yeah, with my best friend.\" Rita replied. \"You aren't in love Kandi,\" Tiffany said. \"You're just having a fan spazz-attack. Which, you might've given poor Roddy one when you ran up to him in the cafeteria.\" \"Sorry, I can't help it.\" Kandi said with her smile going away. She set her journal on the floor and layed down. \"It's just, I've always wanted a guy like Roddy. All the guys I've dated were jerks.\" \"Ditto.\" Tiffany and Rita replied at the same time. \"I guess boys are just jerks in general.\" Tiffany added. \"I remember this jock I dated in high school, I found out a week later he was only dating me to get a good grade in soccer. He asked me for a lot of tips, so I willingly gave them to him since I used to play soccer. Then he tried to make me help him cheat! He wanted me to sneak into the soccer team during a game and get all of the goals without anyone noticing I wasn't a player. I couldn't believe that!\" \"I can top that,\" Kandi said. \"I once dated this really cute guy named Jerry, but then I found out he was cheating on me with a blonde cheerleader! I caught them making out behind the giant plant in the school hallway. It broke my heart. Never again I dated popular boys. What about you Rita? What's your story?\" She and Tiffany turned to look at Rita. \"This one guy dumped me for beating him at ping-pong once.\" Rita said. Both girls stared at her surprised. \"Are you serious?!\" Tiffany asked. \"That's stupid.\" \"I know right?\" Rita replied. \"But you know, a lot of it may had to do with the fact they were all in high school. We are all grown up now. Maybe boys aren't that stupid now.\" \"Yeah, you're probably right.\" Tiffany answered. \"I bet Roddy isn't that stupid to you...\" her voice started getting a playful singing voice and she winked at Rita. Rita blushed and also got a little angry. \"What do you mean?\" she asked. \"Oh come on!\" Kandi replied. \"Haven't you've seen the way he's looked at you?! Roddy is in looooooooove.\" She then giggled with her annoying but funny girly laugh. \"You're a lucky girl.\" she added. Rita threw her pillow at Kandi making her giggle more. \"He is not!\" Rita replied. \"He's just my best friend, and he gave me jewels for my family and came back down to Ratstropolis to help me defeat the Toad.\" Rita's eyes widened at what she had just said. Was it true? \"Looooooooove!\" Tiffany and Kandi chanted together. They both threw pillows at Rita and laughed. Rita half-smiled annoyed. Her cheeks were as red as tomatoes. Although, she did get that usual fluttery/jittery feeling when Kandi and Tiffany said Roddy was in love with her. Rita felt that it was a great feeling. \"Wooooooooo!\" Kandi and Tiffany cheered like a sitcom audience watching a kissing scene. They kept throwing pillows at her. \"Will you stop with the freakin' pillows!?\" Rita shouted playfully to Kandi and Tiffany as she dodged each pillow. All three girls laughed and continued throwing pillows at one another. Rita found herself happier than usual. Not only did she have new friends (despite how annoying Kandi was to her), but Rita was certain she was falling in love with Roddy. She might actually have a nice guy in her life for once.[Chapter 6] The next morning, Spike and Ladykiller were getting their uniforms on while Liam sat on his bed already dressed, daydreaming. He looked out the window with a funny dreamy look on his face. \"Oh god you too?!\" Ladykiller said looking at the expression on Liam's face. \"What?\" Liam asked confused. \"You like a girl too don't you?\" Ladykiller said. \"What gives you that idea?\" Liam asked. \"Liam, you're staring out the window which barely shows anything with the edge of a brick wall to the right of it!\" Ladykiller replied. Liam didn't even realize it since he was so deep in thought. \"What is it with you teenagers?!\" Ladykiller said. \"You and Spike both are so 'in looooove' with a girl and can't get your mind off of her! Was is this place? Love Spell School?\" Ladykiller thought for a minute. \"Hey, try saying that ten times fast, Love Spell School...\" he said. \"Yeah, and we both like the same girl if that makes it any better!\" Spike added. Ladykiller's eyes widened even though they couldn't see from his sunglasses. \"Wait, you?\" he pointed at Liam. \"And you?\" he pointed a Spike. \"Like...Bubbles?!\" They both nodded. Ladykiller started cracking up. \"Oh ho! This is going to be a fun show to watch!\" he said wiping his eye underneath his glasses as he walked away. \"Yes, and I have a date with her.\" Liam said proudly to Spike. He stood up from the bed. \"It's not a date!\" Spike said. \"You're going to practice skateboarding together, how the heck is that a date?!\" he stood close to Liam looking up trying to look tougher. It obviously wasn't working. \"You should put some cream on, or she'll think you're a pepperoni pizza, dirty zit face!\" Spike said referring to Liam's acne. \"Yeah? Well you should wear some stilts or she'll think you're a 10 year old, Mr. Shorty Mc. Short-Short!\" Liam insulted back. \"Alright alright you two!\" Ladykiller said breaking Spike and Liam apart. \"See what girls do to us?\" Soon, Whitey, Sid, Fat Barry and Thimblenose Ted walked in. \"Hi Spike!\" Whitey greeted happily. Thimblenose Ted and Fat Barry walked towards Ladykiller. Sid walked towards Liam. \"Hey Liam!\" He greeted. \"Hi!\" Liam replied. \"I had to get away from those annoying fat rats!\" Sid whispered a little too loud. \"Look who's talking!\" Fat Barry said angrily. \"So Sid, what's up?\" Liam asked ignoring Fat Barry. \"Well, as a matter of fact, I like this girl and I wanted some advice.\" \"Oh no, here we go again!\" Ladykiller said and Thimblenose Ted put their hands on their faces shaking their heads. Sid ignored them. \"It's the girl who likes Roddy, the one with the blonde hair.\" \"Kandi?!\" Liam asked shocked. \"Bubbles's sister?!\" Sid nodded. Whitey turned around hearing them. \"That's weird!\" he said. \"I also like a girl named Kandi who has a sister named Bubbles and likes Roddy!\" Everyone stood there giving Whitey a weird look. \"Yes, Whitey, that's the same person!\" Ladykiller said. \"Ohhh.\" Whitey said realizing it. \"Oh boy, Henchrat Conference!\" Ladykiller announced annoyed. \"Can the rest of you leave?\" Spike, Whitey, Liam and Sid left the room closing the door behind them. \"Ok, this is ridiculous!\" Ladykiller said. \"Kandi likes Roddy, Sid likes Kandi, Whitey also likes Kandi, while Spike likes Bubbles while Liam also likes Bubbles, while Bubbles may like Liam. That is a mouthful!\" \"I know,\" Thimblenose Ted said. \"I have gotten this close to puking just in one day! Not only that but Roddy likes Rita and my roomate Connor likes Rita's roommate Tiffany!\" \"Are we the ONLY rats in this school that hasn't fallen under this spell?!\" Ladykiller asked loudly. \"I actually kind of like Tiffany,\" Fat Barry said. \"NOOO!\" Ladykiller and Thimblenose Ted shouted quickly. \"Alright!\" Fat Barry said in defense. \"I just thought she was pretty.\" \"Ok that's it!\" Ladykiller said. \"We have to do something about this! I mean, everyone is lovestruck and are making out in the hallways! I don't even want to know who's doing what in the bedrooms!\" \"Oh they'd be sleeping!\" Fat Barry said with a weird smile. The other two rats shot him a look. \"Yes, Barry, they'd be sleeping!\" Ladykiller said annoyed. \"Well, what's wrong with that?\" Fat Barry asked. \"Well, you see...nevermind. ANYWAYS,\" Ladykiller continued. \"This is really stupid to have crushes like this on only the second day of school! We should split everyone up!\" \"I agree!\" Thimblenose Ted said. \"But, isn't that kind of mean?\" Fat Barry asked. \"Well, yes, it can be,\" Ladykiller replied. \"But think of it as a favor to them. Someone's bound to get their heart broken, and there will be fights everywhere. We'll be helping them.\" \"But, what about Spike?\" Fat Barry asked. \"He hasn't been happy since what? Since his mum packed him Mac n' Cheese for lunch that one day we tried chasing Rita with a sledge hammer?\" \"He's got a point,\" Thimblenose Ted said. \"Yeah, Spike REALLY needs a girlfriend,\" Ladykiller said remembering how odd Spike always was. \"Ok how about this, we get Spike and Bubbles together!\" \"That's not going to happen...\" Thimblenose Ted said. \"Did you hear that pick up line he tried on her yesterday? Pathetic.\" \"I'll teach him how to pick up a girl.\" Ladykiller said. \"But we need to act fast, Liam has a date with her tonight...and I know just how to spoil it.\" He started rubbing his hands together devilishly. He even did an evil cackle. Meanwhile, Roddy, Rita, Connor and Liam were at the Cafeteria in their uniforms eating breakfast. Rita was still studying her dining ediquette by putting the table settings and napkins in the right spots. \"Ok and the water glass goes here!\" Rita said placing the doll-sized goblet to the top right of the plate. \"Good!\" Roddy said checking the sketch he drew of the table settings. \"You are going to pass this test!\" \"Yes, woo-hoo blah blah blah. Can I have my juice back now?\" Liam said jokingly. Rita laughed a little. \"Oh right, sorry.\" she said handing Liam back the goblet. \"Thanks for helping me study Roddy,\" Rita said turning her head towards his. \"Oh anytime Ri!\" Roddy replied. \"Ahem, nerd.\" Liam said pretending to cough as he swerved his fork through his food. Connor laughed. \"I'm not a nerd!\" Roddy said laughing a little. \"I just already know about this stuff from being up top for so long.\" \"You were from up top?!\" Connor asked interested. \"Yes,\" Roddy replied. \"He lived the sad and lonely life for 24 years,\" Rita said. \"Rita!\" Roddy said laughing a little. Tiffany soon walked by and sat with Kandi in the table next to them. Connor froze up when he saw her. Roddy elbowed him. \"Go talk to her.\" he said. \"Only if you ask Rita out on a date.\" Connor whispered to Roddy making sure Rita didn't hear. \"And you have to tell her it's a real date. Not any of that friend-date stuff.\" Roddy nodded. \"Deal.\" he whispered back. Connor got up to go talk to Tiffany and Roddy scooted closer to Rita in his place. He was nervous to ask though, especially with Liam at the table. Bubbles soon waved to Liam from across the room. Liam waved back. \"Um, I'm going to sit with Bubbles,\" he said. \"Bye!\" he then took his tray and left. Darnit, Roddy thought to himself. Now I really have to ask her now. Rita turned to look at Roddy. She had a dreamy look on her face. \"Well, I guess it's just you and me,\" she said blushing with a big smile. Roddy's hands started sweating and he started blushing as well. \"Yeah, um, I guess it is.\" Roddy said getting that fluttery feeling again. He looked towards the table where Connor was talking to Tiffany and Kandi. Connor was doing his part of the deal, now Roddy had to do his. \"So um Rita,\" Roddy started. \"Do you want to hang out somewhere tonight?\" Rita's eyes lit up. \"Sure!\" she replied. \"As friends...right?\" Roddy got even more nervous. Did she know he liked her? \"However you look at.\" Roddy said. \"As an actual date then?\" Rita asked getting jittery. Roddy smiled. He too, then got jittery. \"Yes, an actual date.\" he said. They were so close and looking into each others' eyes. They both noticed each other being so nervous. Their trance was soon interrupted by Kandi. \"Hi!\" she greeted them loudly making Roddy and Rita jump. \"Oh sorry, did I scare you guys?\" she asked. \"Oh no Kandi,\" Rita replied. \"I always jump when rats say hi to me...\" Kandi laughed loudly. \"Oh you!\" she said. \"You are so funny!\" Rita rolled her eyes. \"What are you doing here?\" Rita asked. \"Connor wanted to talk to Tiffany in private so I came over here.\" Kandi replied. \"I'm guessing he likes her.\" \"Everyone seems to like everyone around here,\" Roddy said finding it kind of odd. \"Just like High School,\" Rita said, having numerous unwanted flashbacks again. She shuddered trying to focus her mind on something else. \"Are any of you going to the Charmed Bash?\" Kandi asked breaking the silence. \"What's that?\" Roddy asked. \"It's a dance called 'The Charmed Bash'. It's at the end of the semester in December (usually a Christmas theme). It's always super fun! They have a chocolate fountain!\" Kandi explained. \"Sounds intriging!\" Roddy said interested. \"But wait, that's not that best part!\" Kandi replied quickly. \"The chocolate foundtain, is not like the ordinary one on a table you dip strawberries in, it's literally a fountain! Just instead of water sprouting out of it, it's chocolate!\" \"What exactly is the point of chocolate being a fountain?\" Rita asked thinking it was really weird. \"Being chocolatey of course!\" Kandi said excited while jumping up and down like a little kid. \"But, you can't dip food into it?\" Rita asked again. \"Why would you want to dip food in a fountain full of chocolate?\" Kandi asked as if she had never heard of that before. Roddy and Rita stared at her. \"Because, Kandi, sometimes you could dip strawberries or something in it such as you said before!\" Rita replied getting irritated. Kandi thought for a minute. \"Oh yeah huh?\" she said as usual. \"Is that your catch phrase or something?\" Rita asked. \"Rita!\" Roddy whispered to her trying to make her show less frustration towards Kandi. Rita smoothed out her hair even though it was in the usual messy bun. She pretended to smile and exhaled deeply. \"It's a lovely catch phrase,\" she said to Kandi softly with her pretend smile. Kandi wasn't entirely convinced so she stared at her for a minute. \"Well thank you!\" she finally said with a big smile beaming on her face. She acted as if nothing had just happened. She left the table while skipping merrily towards the minature omlette bar. \"Sorry about that,\" Rita said to Roddy once Kandi was far away from the table. \"It's quite alright,\" Roddy replied. \"I just don't want you to end up tackling her and get kicked out of Charm School.\" \"Oh please, that was the biggest rule in high school and nearly EVERYONE did that. No one ever got caught.\" Rita replied. \"Yeah well, I still don't think it's a healthy habit to strangle rats who get on your nerves,\" Roddy said. \"I know.\" Rita replied. \"That is why I am in Charm School.\" Meanwhile, Spike, Whitey and the other henchrats were at the same table from the day before. Ladykiller was whispering something to Fat Barry and Thimblenose Ted. Both rats nodded their heads when Ladykiller finished his sentence. \"So, um, Spike,\" Ladykiller started. \"I overheard Kandi talking about a dance next month. You should ask Bubbles.\" \"I thought you all wanted me to forget about her!\" Spike replied. \"Well, we changed our minds.\" Ladykiller said. \"Besides we really hate Liam,\" Thimblenose Ted said. \"But I thought you and Liam were friends,\" Spike said to Ladykiller. \"Well, we may get along but we're not friends,\" Ladykiller replied. \"Besides, you and Bubbles are a better couple.\" Although, that was indeed a lie, everyone still thought Spike should have a girlfriend. \"Sorry but no.\" Spike said. \"She likes Liam, and I am pretty positive he could kick my butt, me being scrawny and all.\" All three henchrats stared at him shocked. \"Wow he really is in love!\" Fat Barry said after a few seconds of silence. \"He won't even bother to fight someone!\" \"I know and it makes me sick!\" Thimblenose Ted said. \"Spike, I'll teach you how to pick up a girl,\" Ladykiller said. \"I know some tricks even a girl already in love with someone else won't be able to resist!\" \"And, what would they be?\" Spike asked. \"Can you help me with Kandi?\" Whitey asked before Ladykiller could respond. \"I don't know Whitey,\" Ladykiller said. \"Please! Please please please please please please please please!\" Whitey begged. \"Alright alright!\" Ladykiller said. \"Fine, I'll help you with Kandi!\" \"What are you doing?!\" Thimblenose Ted whispered to Ladykiller. \"I thought we were just getting Spike a girlfriend.\" \"Don't worry, I'll handle this!\" Ladykiller whispered back. \"You just focus on splitting up Roddy and Rita!\" \"What am I doing?\" Fat Barry asked nervous. \"You, my fat friend, are going to ruin Liam's date with Bubbles!\" \"But, that isn't even a date he's going on,\" Fat Barry said. \"Try telling him that!\" Ladykiller replied. \"What exactly do you want me to do?\" Fat Barry asked nervous again. \"Ok, you are going to...\" Ladykiller began whispering the plan. Later that night, after classes, Ladykiller was teaching Spike and Whitey some ways to pick up girls. \"Ok, start with a good conversation starter,\" he said to Spike. \"Hey Bubbles,\" Spike said to Ladykiller practicing. \"Did you see the fight that happened outside the Cafeteria?\" \"Good,\" Ladykiller said. \"Now, Whitey, you try.\" \"Hey Kandi,\" Whitey started. \"Have you seen the weather lately?\" Ladykiller put a hand on his forehead. \"Whitey, we're in a sewer, we don't have any weather conditions!\" \"Oh yeah huh?\" Whitey said sounding like Kandi's usual expression. \"You know, him and Kandi may actually pass as a good couple,\" Thimblenose Ted pointed out. There was soon a knock at their door and Liam raced to get it before Spike could. \"Ha!\" Liam said as he grabbed the door handle before Spike. Liam opened the door ready to walk out with Bubbles. \"It is so not a date!\" Spike said. \"Says you!\" Liam said. Liam and Spike muttered insults at the same time very fast until Liam finally closed the door. Spike turned around annoyed. \"What does she see in him?!\" Spike said walking back towards Ladykiller. \"They probably just have a little more in common.\" Ladykiller said. \"Which is our next step.\" \"Wait, you want me to pretend to like skateboarding?\" Spike asked. \"You want Bubbles don't you?\" Ladykiller asked. \"And what's wrong with skateboarding?\" \"Nothing, I just can't do it!\" Spike replied. \"I haven't ridden one since I was 12 and I fell off and my mum had to get me up and kiss the scratch on my knee and we are forgetting I said that right now!\" Spike said loudly at the end of his sentence. All the henchrats laughed. \"Blimey, I do need a girlfriend!\" Spike said. \"Yeah, mostly because of the time when your mum packed you pepperjack cheese in the shape of hearts in bite-size the first time you went to work for the Toad!\" Ladykiller said laughing. \"Or the time he was sleepwalking and thought the Toad was a pretty girl!\" Whitey added laughing. Spike stood their annoyed. \"What about the time he was obsessed with the show \"I Love Lucy\" and baked a giant heart-shaped cake to bring to the convention?!\" Thimblenose Ted added laughing. \"Pathetic!\" The whole room was filled with laughter. \"Yeah? Well what about you Ted?!\" Spike started. \"WHAT ABOUT ME?!\" Thimblenose Ted stood up angrily. \"...Nothing, nevermind.\" Spike said feeling chills down his spine and walking away. \"How's Barry doing with Liam and Bubbles?\" Thimblenose Ted calmed down and asked Ladykiller. \"I don't know, but I just hope he is doing everything according to plan.\" Ladykiller replied. \"I'll go down and help him out.\" \"Aren't Roddy and Rita on a date too?\" Thimblenose Ted asked. \"Oh crap, are you serious?!\" Ladykiller asked. Thimblenose Ted nodded. Ladykiller groaned. \"Ted, will you do your best to ruin their date?\" he asked. \"My pleasure!\" Thimblenose Ted said and he and Ladykiller walked out of the room.[Chapter 7] The henchrats then started the plan to ruin dates. Ladykiller and Fat Barry started with Liam and Bubbles. In the school's athletic area, Liam and Bubbles were laughing and showing each other tricks on the skateboards. The henchrats watched them the whole time behind a little wall. Soon, Bubbles accidently fell and landed on top of Liam on the ground. Both staring into each other's eyes,...wanting to lean in for a kiss... \"Oh barf!\" Thimblenose Ted said. \"Go find Roddy and Rita!\" Ladykiller whispered. Thimblenose Ted left and Ladykiller grabbed the nearest item to throw at them, a slug. The slug squealed as Ladykiller grabbed it and threw it at Liam and Bubbles' direction. It screamed the whole way. Bubbles soon got off Liam to help it. \"Oh my gosh!\" she cried. \"This slug must've fallen!\" Liam got up to help her with it as well. Ladykiller and Fat Barry high-fived each other. \"Ok Barry, go!\" he said giving him a little push on his back. There was a balcony from his and Whitey's room above Liam and Bubbles. Fat Barry ran back in the school and raced into the room. Sid was in there. \"Woah slow down there!\" he said as Fat Barry raced across the room to the balcony. There was a giant human-sized cup full of slime waiting for him along with some rope tied to it and a pulley. Fat Barry pulled on the rope somehow lifting the cup full of slime perfectly straight, and once it got to the top of the pulley, the cup banged the top of the castle's roof, causing the big plastic red cup to tip over and all of the slime falling out. The slime landed on Bubbles mostly, but it also splattered on Liam. Bubbles squealed a little. Fat Barry ran off the balcony fast so Liam and Bubbles wouldn't see him when they looked up. They noticed the cup tilted over on the pulley however. It was still dripping goopy green slime. \"Who did that?!\" Liam shouted looking at the balcony. \"I want to find out who's room that is!\" Bubbles said. \"We'll worry about that later,\" Liam said. \"I'll get you a towel.\" Liam then ran into the school to look for the bath cupboards. They were in between the boy's and girl's floor. Towels for rats were human washcloths, somehow they were professionally cleaned. Spike was waiting for Liam there. \"Did you have a little accident on your so-called 'date?'\" Spike asked with a devilish smile. \"You did this, didn't you?\" Liam asked. \"Now that, I promise I didn't do.\" Spike said. \"Oh come on,\" Liam said. \"You expect me to believe that?!\" He began wiping the side of his face with one of the washcloths. \"Liam, I swear I didn't do it!\" Spike said. \"But, it shows that you easily leave your 'date' alone!\" Liam ran out of the hall and outside to find Bubbles. I really need to learn to keep my mouth closed, Spike thought to himself. He knew he probably got himself in another situation. After Ladykiller had his share of laughs when Bubbles was covered in slime, he ran into the school to find Thimblenose Ted. He was in his own room, searching Roddy's side of the bedrooms and in the main room to see if anything on the coffee table had evidence on where Roddy and Rita went. \"Who takes a someone on a date and doesn't mention where they go?!\" Thimblenose Ted said frustrated as Ladykiller walked into the room. However, Lenny was behind the doll-sized sofa that belonged in a Barbie Dream House listening to them. \"I guess it was a situation where the love just, takes them wherever,\" Ladykiller said. \"Ew please don't start!\" Thimblenose Ted said. \"I got enough of that love stuff and it's only the second day of Charm School! I never kid around when I say I will puke! So please, cut it out!\" \"Alright take it easy!\" Ladykiller said. \"I know you're a henchrat and everything but damn, you don't have to get mad about everything!\" Thimblenose Ted gave him a death glare. \"Let's just keep looking.\" Ladykiller said ignoring Thimblenose Ted's look. Lenny tried his best to hide the pizza menu Roddy had on the floor. Lenny slowly tried shoving it underneath the couch. However, the minature scrap of paper made a big rustling sound. \"Hey, what is that?\" Ladykiller asked. He looked behind the couch, finding Lenny failing at stuffing the menu under the couch. He made a little slug squeal when Ladykiller found him. \"Aha!\" he said. Ladykiller picked up the menu. \" Bill and Mary's Pizzaeria, 'always served with extra fromaggio!'\" Ladykiller read aloud, making an italian accent at the slogan. Him and Thimblenose Ted then did an evil cackle. \"Thanks slug!\" Ladykiller said. \"No!\" Lenny squealed. The henchrats left the room cackling. \"Oh no! I have to warn Roddy and Rita!\" Lenny said and he hopped out of the window squealing. Meanwhile, at the Pizzaeria just a block from the school, Roddy and Rita were sitting at a table talking. \"It's nice to get out of the school for once,\" Rita said. \"I feel like I am trapped there since we don't know when we can leave.\" \"Yeah, hopefully we can leave Charm School soon.\" Roddy replied. \"But Roddy, it hasn't been Thanksgiving yet and Kandi told us we may be here until the Christmas Dance next month!\" Rita said. \"Maybe they're going to keep us until the end of the semester two months from now,\" Roddy replied. \"I guess we will be there for a long time after all.\" There was a silence for a moment. \"Do you ever miss being Up Top?\" Rita finally asked. Roddy thought for a minute. \"Well, I lived up there for nearly 24 years, so it's hard to get used to not being up there.\" Roddy replied. \"But I was very very lonely. I didn't even notice how lonely I was until I met you...well, mostly when Sid came into my home but of course I don't count him.\" Rita giggled a little. \"How did you ever get Up Top anyways?\" Rita asked. Roddy thought again, but it seemed to be a little longer than a minute. Flashbacks started rushing through his head of when he was an infant, just like that dream he had. Oh my gosh, was that dream I had a flashback of my mother? Roddy thought to himself. \"You know, it's funny you should ask that,\" Roddy replied. \"Why's that?\" Rita asked. \"Well you see, I had this, sort of dream the night before we left for Charm School. I am not for sure but, in the dream I was a baby crying and this woman gave me this toy to play with to make me stop crying. Oddly enough, the woman's voice sounded enchanting, like she was an important rat, I can't really explain that though. And what was even more odd, was that the toy she gave me had jewels engraved in it! I don't even know how she found such a small version of it either.\" Rita sat up in her chair intrigued. \"That's interesting!\" Rita replied. \"If that really was a memory of someone from your family (your mum or older sister or aunt) maybe you can look her up in a book if she was someone famous. Or, you could talk to Ariana about it.\" \"Yeah, I guess maybe I could.\" Roddy said sighing. \"With me being alone for so many years it may be a good idea to really talk to a professional. Although, I'll be honest, it kind of scares me to think I actually had a family before and they all of a sudden just... vanished.\" \"It's better than no family at all.\" Rita replied. Roddy half-smiled. \"Yeah, I guess that's true.\" he said. \"I just feel like I missed out so much on life though. I remember when I was fourteen I started wanting a girlfriend, and I didn't know what to do. I left the apartment once and met some rats in the other apartments on the same floor as my home, and I was really close to having this one girl rat as my girlfriend, but then her family moved away. So, I never saw her again and I forgot all about having a girlfriend. I guess I wasn't entirely lonely, but, a little too much than I was supposed to be.\" \"At least you're not stupid like Kandi,\" Rita added. \"Awe, come on, she's not that stupid.\" Roddy said. \"Ok I love that pizza with a side of a baked potato!\" A voice said at the counter next to the giant plates of human-sized pizza all in a line. Rats are served pizza by little slices of human-sized pizza. \"Sorry my little stella,\" The italian employee behind the counter started. \"We don't serve baked potatoes, this is a pizzaeria.\" Kandi thought for a minute. \"Oh yeah huh?\" she said as her usual reply. Rita and Roddy noticed her there. \"Do I jinx her into coming to where we are or something?!\" Rita said to Roddy. Suddenly, they heard a male voice all their names. \"Roddy! Rita!\" it was Lenny. He bounced on the table, out of breath. \"Lenny?! What are you doing here?\" Roddy asked. \"Ladykiller, Ted, they know where you guys are and are going to try to ruin your date!\" \"Oh really?\" Rita said thinking and scratching her chin. \"Wait here, I've got a plan.\" Rita then got up from the table to talk to Kandi. Meanwhile, Ladykiller and Thimblenose Ted arrived at the Pizzeria. \"Alright! Where is that nerdy wimp rat?!\" Thimblenose Ted said to Ladykiller as they knocked someone over to barge through the door. Kandi soon stood in front of them with her bubbly smile and her starry turquoise eyes. \"Hi!\" she said in a soft, cute voice. \"Kandi, have you seen Roddy and Rita?\" Ladykiller asked. \"No, but I wanted to tell you what happened this one time!\" Kandi replied. Ladykiller and Thimblenose Ted looked at her strangely. They then tried walking past her. Kandi stepped in front of them again though. \"This one time, I was by Kensington Palace Up Top for a vacation with my sister, and we started picking roses in the garden of the palace which had dewdrops pearled on the petals from that day! (it was in the middle of March, what a lovely spring shower) So anyways...\" Kandi kept talking as LadyKiller and Thimblenose Ted tried looking over her shoulder trying to get away from her. They never saw Roddy or Rita though. \"We were carrying the giant roses down the street, but then it began raining again! We used the roses as umbrellas, but the rain was a little too hard on them. The raindrops also slid off the the petals and splashed us, but by the time we got them back to the sewer, they were as shimmery as ever!\" Kandi continued. Thimblenose Ted and Ladykiller could not get away from Kandi. While Kandi was distracting them, Roddy, Rita and Lenny snuck out of the restaurant, leaving an emerald at the table to pay for their meal. Ladykiller and Thimblenose Ted eventually pushed Kandi out of the way gently and ran to the table where Roddy and Rita were once at. Roddy accidently left his glasses there next to the emerald. \"Those are Roddy's glasses!\" Thimblenose Ted said at the table. \"You know, that emerald looks odd,\" he said again. \"Why? It's just a jewel!\" Kandi added. Ladykiller was hitting his breaking point. \"Yes, Kandi! It's a blooming jewel!\" Ladykiller shouted. Kandi started getting really sad. She even started tearing a little. Thimblenose Ted didn't care but Ladykiller felt bad a little. \"Alright, alright calm down.\" he said putting his hands on both sides of her cheeks. \"She really is a perfect match for Whitey...\" Ladykiller whispered softly to Thimblenose Ted slightly annoyed. Thimblenose Ted picked up the emerald. He examined it a little bit until he gasped. Ladykiller and Kandi turned around to look at him. \"What is it?\" Ladykiller asked. \"This emerald is special cut, and I read about this in a magazine!\" \"Why were you reading a magazine Ted?\" Ladykiller interrupted. \"Look, do you want to tell you or not?!\" Thimblenose Ted replied. \"Ok fine!\" Ladykiller said putting his hands up in defense. \"Anyways, there is only one emerald like this throughout the whole sewers of London! After it had fallen into the sewers, Queen Rosalind the rat had it handcrafted so it would be part of their royal jewels in the heir to the throne!\" Kandi and Ladykiller's eyes widened. \"Ted, what are you saying?!\" Ladykiller asked getting intrigued. \"It means Roddy might be Queen Rosalind's son!\" \"Wait, Roddy is a prince?!\" Kandi exclaimed. \"I'm not sure, but he made a big mistake of leaving this jewel here.\" Thimblenose Ted said. \"He also left his glasses,\" Kandi pointed out. \"Yes, which means he's going to come back for them...\" Ladykiller said with a smile curving at the side of his mouth. \"Are you thinking of bribing him for something?\" Thimblenose Ted asked. \"Well, not yet, but I want to try to.\" Ladykiller responded. \"I...I honestly don't think we should.\" Thimblenose Ted responded. Ladykiller was surprised. \"This jewel is too precious to be messed with. We can't risk it.\" \"So what are we going to do?\" Ladykiller said. \"You keep finding ways to break everyone up, I think Roddy needs to know the truth about his past.\" Thimblenose Ted said. Ladykiller and Kandi were honestly shocked. He actually felt sorry for Roddy! Has Thimblenose Ted actually found a way to change? \"Wait, what have you all been doing?!\" Kandi shouted when she finally realized the Henchrats' real plans.[Chapter 8] Roddy and Rita walked back into the school. They were in the foyer, which exposed the several staircases. They stopped in the middle of the room and turned to each other. They both smiled and stared into each other's eyes. But then, it hit Rita. \"Roddy, are you missing something?\" she finally asked. \"Huh?\" Roddy asked confused. \"I mean, is it just me, or did you have glasses on when you went to the restaurant?\" Roddy's eyes then widened. \"Oh my gosh, I forgot them at the restaurant!\" Roddy cried. The door then flew open again. It was Thimblenose Ted. \"Roddy, you left these,\" he said handing Roddy his glasses. Roddy and Rita stared at him for a little while, surprised. \"Really?\" Roddy asked softly. \"You're...actually giving me these back?\" Thimblenose Ted nodded. \"Well, you are my roommate,\" Thimblenose Ted replied. Roddy and Rita smiled at him. \"Wow, that was nice of you.\" Rita said. \"Yeah, thanks!\" Roddy replied. \"Umm, Roddy, I hate to interrupt you but, I really have to talk to you.\" Thimblenose Ted added with a bit of sympathy in his eyes. Roddy and Rita glanced at each other for a minute. \"Do you mind?\" Roddy asked Rita. \"No, go ahead.\" Rita said with a half smile. They both could tell that something was up. Thimblenose Ted has never been nice to them. \"I'll wait here,\" Rita said going to sit on the little couch that belonged in a doll's house. Thimblenose Ted led Roddy into the empty cafeteria. The lights were dimmed and all that was heard was the buzzing of a hot-wired minature stove. \"What's wrong?\" Roddy asked sensing the aura of distress. Thimblenose Ted seemed hesitated to speak. \"Roddy, I noticed you left this emerald at the table...\" Thimblenose Ted said holding it up. \"You took that?!\" Roddy asked. \"Don't worry, I made Ladykiller pay for your dinner in pounds.\" Thimblenose Ted replied. Roddy relaxed and Thimblenose Ted continued. \"Anyways, you really shouldn't give this jewel away.\" \"Why not?\" Roddy asked. This is where Thimblenose Ted began to hesitate again. \"Because it was the handcrafted jewel for Queen Rosalind.\" he answered. Roddy's eyes widened. \"You mean, there is no other emerald like this in the sewers of London?\" Roddy asked. Thimblenose Ted nodded. \"I know it's not any of my business, but where did you get that jewel?\" he asked. Roddy stared at the jewel for a minute. \"I'm...I'm honestly not sure.\" Roddy replied. \"I've had it with me Up Top ever since I was a little boy. When Rita's family said they would take me into their home, I went back Up Top to gather my things, and I found this emerald hidden deep of my owner's doll house. I appearantly stashed it in there when I was a little boy, I might've been seven. I have no idea where it came from though.\" Thimblenose Ted sighed a little. \"Roddy,\" he started. \"I could be wrong, and again it is none of my business, but I think you should know that Queen Rosalind was a powerful Queen back in the late 1980's. In fact, her and King George had a new prince, when a massacre arrived at the palace and attacked everyone, killing Queen Rosalind. No one to this day knows what happened to the King and the newborn Prince.\" Roddy listened carefully to what Thimblenose Ted was saying, but didn't fully understand his theory until after he stopped talking for a second. Roddy's eyes flew open. \"Wait a minute,\" he started, trembling. \"Are you saying...that I...I AM THE MISSING PRINCE?!\" \"It's just a thought.\" Thimblenose Ted said. Roddy couldn't stop shaking. He was so deep in thought, even though he didn't want to believe Thimblenose Ted, he was too stunned for words. Rita ran into the cafeteria after hearing Roddy shout. \"What's going on?!\" she asked. \"Ted, what did you do to him? Is he having a seizure?\" Thimblenose Ted shrugged. \"I just told him what could possibly be his past. I honestly am not sure if he is having a seizure, he's not answering though.\" Roddy started tearing, and even though his hand was fully shaking, he formed a fist and put it against his mouth, as if...keeping something from coming out. \"Roddy?!\" Rita started. \"Roddy? Roddy? RODDY?!\" \"DUDE!\" Thimblenose Ted and Rita both called. Roddy started getting more shaky. \"Oh god he's about to vomit!\" Rita shouted. \"Really?! I thought he was about to go jogging!\" Thimblenose Ted said saracastically. Rita grabbed Roddy's arm and led him to the trashbin that was once a plastic cup. Rita stroked Roddy's hair to try to calm him down. \"You're okay honey, you're ok.\" Rita kept saying to Roddy. When Roddy lifted up and was done, he put his hands on his tear-filled eyes. He could barely breathe. \"Roddy, what did he tell you?\" Rita said kneeling next to him stroking his face with both of her hands. But before Roddy could answer, Ariana came into the cafeteria. \"What is going on here?!\" she called. She saw Roddy kneeled down and she knew he had just been puking. \"Were you kids drinking?!\" \"No, Ariana,\" Rita replied. \"Ted kind of...told him something that scared him to death.\" \"How do I even know you're telling the truth?!\" Roddy shouted all of a sudden to Thimblenose Ted. \"You tried to kill us last month!\" \"Roddy, I would never joke around about something this big!\" Thimblenose Ted shouted. \"Yes, you bother me... A LOT sometimes, but that doesn't mean I don't care about you if the problem is big enough! I mean come on, you are my roommate! And besides, the whole world is looking for you!\" \"Will someone please tell me what's going on?\" Ariana asked again. \"He says that,...I might be the missing Prince, and that my mother is Queen Rosalind.\" Ariana's eyes lit up. She then helped Roddy up by grabbing his arm. \"Come here sweetheart, I'll talk to you about it.\" She led Roddy to her main office while Rita and Thimblenose Ted go back to their rooms. Roddy sat down in a chair in front of Ariana's desk. He wasn't tearing up anymore, but his face was tear-stained. \"Now tell me,\" Ariana started. \"Is there anything you can remember about your past?\" Roddy sighed. \"Well, the other night I had this dream, but it seemed so powerful to be a dream. And this woman, she gave me this toy to play with, and it had jewels engraved on it!\" Ariana's eyes widened a little. \"Can you remember anything else?\" she asked. \"Well, also, in my dream, the background seemed to be the color of gold. And the woman, she was wearing a flowing dress and something that seemed to stand up on her head...wait a minute...a crown...\" Roddy stopped to think. His heart started racing again. \"Blimey, what if she was really the Queen?! What if Ted was right?!\" Roddy started hyperventilating again. \"Honey calm down,\" Ariana pleaded by putting her hand on his. \"Breathe in...\" Roddy did so. \"And out.\" Roddy exhaled. \"Now listen, there is no need to freak out if your mother was the Queen Rosalind. It's supposed to be a wonderful thing! There is no doubt in the world that she loved you. But I want to ask again, and this doesn't have to be in the dream, but do you remember anything else? Perhaps anything that had nothing to do with your family being royalty?\" Roddy thought for a minute. \"Well, I think I remember my father.\" Roddy replied. \"I've been Up Top since I was at least 7 years old. I can't quite remember anything, but I do remember a man giving me a jewel. This emerald.\" Roddy pulled it out of his pocket. It glistened in the light. \"Why, that's the special handcrafted emerald that Queen Rosalind had made!\" she exclaimed. Roddy nodded. \"That's what Ted had told me.\" Roddy replied. \"But, when I was Up Top, it was in a different building, a store perhaps. I remember being in a small cage that looked like one of those cat carriers. I also remember two other girls and a boy with us. And then, this human lady came and took me to a home, where I've stayed there all my life up until a week ago.\" \"Sounds like you had quite a life,\" Ariana said. \"Do you remember what the shop was?\" Roddy thought again. \"Wait, it must've been a pet shop!\" Roddy exclaimed. \"But, if I was the Queen's son, how did I end up there?\" Ariana got up and grabbed a paper book off her doll bookshelf. \"Maybe this could refresh your memory.\" she said. Roddy opened the book and began reading the history of Queen Rosalind and King George. As Roddy read on, his eyes grew wider and wider, and soon, tears started forming again. \"Are you okay?\" Ariana asked. Roddy shrugged. \"According to this book, there really was a massacre at my mum's palace when I was nearly three weeks old. They murdered my mother and my father took me outside the palace, and no one knows what happened to us. They even named their son Prince Roderick St. James...my name.\" \"I'm so sorry.\" Ariana said. Roddy turned to the last page to see the picture of the Queen and King. Roddy smiled. \"My mother and father!\" Roddy exclaimed. But his smile went away. A confused look was on his face. \"What is it Roddy?\" Ariana asked. \"I...I don't recgonize them...\" Roddy said. \"Well it was a long time ago.\" Ariana answered. \"No not that,\" Roddy replied. \"I remember being with two people who were considered my parents until I was seven when a human bought me Up Top in the pet shop. So wait, they weren't my real parents?!\" Roddy asked even though he pretty much figured it out already. \"Appearantly not.\" Ariana answered. Roddy lowered his head in sadness. \"They probably knew that you weren't ready to know the real truth, and then you never came back after a human adopted you.\" Roddy knew that was probably the truth. Roddy spent an hour in Ariana's office talking about his past and looking through the book. After he left, he didn't want to tell anyone...not even Rita. He was even worried that Thimblenosed Ted told other rats, especially the henchrats. It was about midnight when Roddy walked back up to his room. Roddy had mixed emotions. He was sad, but yet glad he knew about his past. He was even a little scared somehow. He had no idea how he was going to sleep that night.[Chapter 9] \"Ok everyone! Gather around!\" a voice said. It was an woman's voice, but she seemed to be a little old, about age 64 at the most. But her voice had energy and happiness in it. Roddy and some other kid rats came and sat in a circle around her. Children adored her. Her and the kids laughed and then the children quieted down a little. \"Once upon a time, there was a boy. He was prince that lived in a cottage in a meadow. His father was a very good lumberjack, and even though he was a small rat, he built their cottage from twigs. There was a big flowing river that splashed about in front of the cottage. It wasn't as enchanting as one in an enchanted forest, but it was it was beautiful in it's own way, just like all of you!\" all the children and Roddy looked at each other smiling. \"The small prince wanted to cross the river to see the other side, but he was worried that he would drown in the process, or never find a way back. But, however, he was tired of his routine life. Being trapped on one side of the river with nothing else but a few trees, and then a big, soaring mountian behind him. There was no where else to go. There were lily pads in the river however, and the small boy would watch pretty green frogs hop along them to the other side. The young prince dreamed of doing that, and one day, he wanted to try. He held his breath, and jumped on the lily pad. It worked! He hopped along more of them happliy and eventually made it to the other side! He was worried about getting back, but there was one thing he knew. This appeals to you all as well my dear children; sometimes in life, you want to cross the borderline, make a change in life, you have to make a jump and try. Sometimes you may not succeed, but one of the best feelings in the world, is knowing that you tried. Effort is one of the most important lessons we learn. Live like there's no tomorrow, and take a chance at life and see how different it becomes.\" All the kids gasped and whispered to each other amazed. The old woman smiled proudly. \"Grandma Jenny, please tell us another story!\" Roddy said. But then, things spiraled real fast again. Roddy shot up from his bed and he was back in the room at Edison Charm School. He wasn't a little boy anymore. He started panting a little again. Lenny jumped on his bed worried. \"Another flashback-dream Roddy?\" he asked concerned. Roddy put his hand on his forehead. \"Yeah.\" he said taking a few more breaths. \"What is wrong with me? I had a dream about my grandma! She told us this enchanting story that she believed is one of the most important lessons in life. I was in a cage-cat-carrier-thing with a bunch of other kid rats!\" \"Well, at least it's not a far back memory,\" Lenny said. \"Yeah, that's true.\" Roddy replied. He sat up a little straighter. \"You know, I actually really remember that! My brother and two sisters...if they were my real brother and sisters, always asked our grandma to tell us stories. She'd invite all the other kid rats from the other cages in the shop and we'd all sit on the floor in a circle around her. She told the stories so beautifully. But something that doesn't make sense is, she looked very very very familier...\" Lenny stared at him weird. \"Well no duh,\" he replied. \"She was your grandma!\" Roddy giggled a little. \"No, that's not what I meant!\" he said giggling a little more. \"I meant, I felt like I've seen her around recently. Like I just saw her a few days ago, but I could've...could I?\" \"That really couldn't be possible, unless you saw someone that looked like her.\" Lenny replied. \"And her name, Jenny...that sounds so familier. I know I've heard someone with a similar name to that recently in the sewers! But where?\" \"Well, do you know someone named Jenny?\" Lenny asked. \"I don't know,\" Roddy said really confused. Maybe it's only because it rhymes with Lenny, and I'm probably thinking of your name.\" Lenny got a hint about what Roddy was talking about, but he didn't know where he heard that name either. \"Maybe,\" he said. \"Well, you might as well get dressed, you have to learn about respecting other's feelings today in class!\" Lenny said changing the subject and smiling brighter again. \"Oh my gosh that's right!\" Roddy said jumping out of bed. \"I'm going to be late for breakfast!\" he scurried out of bed and through on his uniform. At breakfast Roddy sat the usual table by himself. He had too much stuff on his mind and really didn't feel like talking. He wasn't even sure who he was anymore. He had four different families. One where he was the Prince, one in a pet shop, one with humans and now with Rita. Who am I? Roddy thought to himself sadly. The lost Prince? The poor caged boy? The posh lad from up top? Or the heroic sewer rat? Let's face it old chum, you have completely lost yourself. No wonder everyone thinks you are such a loser. Roddy's thoughts were interrupted by Rita running happily towards him. \"Roddy! Look!\" she said sitting next to him holding a minature piece of paper. \"I got a hundred percent on my table settings exam! I ran into Jessica on the way down here and she just gave me mine back since she finished grading them! Thank you so much for helping me study!\" Roddy smiled even though he was still a little sad. \"You're welcome Ri,\" he said. Rita's smile went away. She knew something was wrong. \"What did Ted tell you last night?\" she asked knowing it was relating to that. \"What he told me was something very true and scary.\" Roddy replied. \"I found out that I am the lost prince of Queen Rosalind and King George. A massacre murdered my mum, and my father took me to a pet shop, where he then vanished. I lived with this other family in a cage until I was seven, and then a woman bought me, which happened to me Tabitha's mum. That's the real reason I ended up as a pet.\" \"Wow, that's...really deep.\" Rita replied concerned. \"I don't know who I am anymore.\" Roddy continued on. \"I lived in four different homes, it's a wonder that I am still sane! Or...what if I'm not?\" \"Roddy, you're perfectly fine, I'm telling you!\" Rita replied. \"You are just...you.\" \"Well, who am I?\" Roddy asked. Rita stumbled a little. Even though she knew who Roddy was, she didn't think that anything she could say would make him believe her. \"Well, you are...\" \"I can't believe that little runt!\" Liam complained angrily slamming his tray down. The sound of utinsels clashing slamming on the table scared Roddy and Rita. \"Ooh, man! Who ruffled your feathers Liam?!\" Rita asked concerned. \"Spike! He messed up my date with Bubbles!\" \"For the last time, 1. It wasn't a date and 2, I DID NOT DO IT!\" Spike shouted running up behind him. \"And how the heck was it ruined?! All you had to do was clean her up what made it soooo horrible?!\" \"How about the fact that she was freezing all night and we had to go to the laundermat and she get to borrow loner's clothes?!\" Liam fought back. \"And you did too do it! Who does that to their roommate?! You better sleep with one eye open munchkin!\" \"Oooooh I'm so scared!\" Spike said in a squealy voice.\" \"You should be!\" Liam said again. Spike walked away and surprisingly, very brave. Liam sat back down and took his fork and started voilently stabbing into his omelette. Roddy and Rita staring at him with big eyes. \"Dude, don't waste your energy on something that wasn't even that bad.\" Rita said. \"Sure your date didn't go so well, but that doesn't mean Bubbles doesn't like you anymore! She knows it wasn't your fault, and she will appreciate the fact that you helped her. That's all that really matters.\" Roddy and Liam smiled at Rita. \"That's true.\" Liam said half smiling. \"Thanks Rita. I'll go find Bubbles.\" He then took his tray and left. \"Wow, that was...very smart and nice of you Rita!\" Roddy said to her. \"Well, that's what sisters are for!\" she said. They both giggled together. Roddy forgot about his unhappiness for a while. Kandi came and took Liam's space. \"Hi guys!\" she said. She looked beautiful that day, she put in extensions and her beautiful blonde hair draped over her shoulders and even though she wore her uniform, she still wore a little hat like Bubbles and Tiffany usually wear (A round sewn skater hat). \"You know, I have never seen that little guy Spike be so...so brave before! For once he didn't scream like a girl!\" Kandi said as she giggled like a fairy. Rita and Roddy didn't notice it. \"Wow, the third day of Charm School and everyone is already starting to make a change! How is that even possible?\" Roddy said. \"What if...what if they brought us here to not really teach us these lessons, but to...to find out for ourselves living with our enemies and trying to over power them?!\" Rita suggested. Roddy looked at her amazed. He kept noticing Rita's amazing words of wisdom that day. \"Wow Rita, you're...really smart!\" he said. Then he realized what he just said. \"I mean, you're always smart and all because you wouldn't have passed your test, and well, I mean I still helped you but you can do it on your own and you make really clever ideas espcially when the toad was chasing us and...\" Roddy began chatting away with his cheeks bright red. Rita noticed and also blushed. She knew he meant no harm. Kandi could see the love in both of them. She finally got over her crush on Roddy. Meanwhile, at the table where the Henchrats sat, Whitey kept staring at Kandi talking to Roddy and Rita. It was very noticeable. \"Whitey, you're an animal! What are you waiting for?!\" LadyKiller finally said. \"Nothing I guess,\" Whitey replied. \"Then go talk to her.\" LadyKiller said. \"Ok,\" Whitey replied a little scared but happy at the same time. Whitey walked over to her. \"Hi um, are you Kandi?\" he asked, even though he knew her name. She looked up and oddly enough, got lost in his pink eyes. \"Yeah, I'm...I'm Kandi.\" She said. \"I'm Whitey.\" He said. \"Oh my gosh! Are names rhyme!\" Kandi exclaimed excited. \"Oh yeah huh?!\" Whitey exclaimed which was Kandi's usual catch phrase. They both began laughing loudly and squealing. Roddy noticed them talking and Rita was still smiling at him. Roddy pointed to them and mouthed the word \"look\" to Rita. She turned her head and saw Kandi and Whitey laughing together loudly. \"I love your name Kandi!\" Whitey said. \"It makes me think of Candyland! Oh how I love Candyland...\" \"I know right!\" Kandi squealed. \"Candyland is beautiful! It's all about candy and it's so yummy!\" they both giggled again. Rita's jaw dropped but with a bit of a smile. She turned her head back to Roddy's. They both smiled big at that. \"Awww!\" Rita whispered to Roddy. \"For a guy who tried to kill us a few months ago, he is a perfect match for Kandi!\" Roddy whispered back. \"True love,\" Rita whispered again. \"Do you believe in true love?\" Roddy thought a minute. \"Yeah, I actually do.\" he replied. \"You do?\" Rita asked. \"Well, I mean, I believe in soulmates but, sometimes I believe that not everyone will meet them in their life.\" Rita's smile kind of went away. Was he saying she wasn't his soulmate? Roddy thought about what he said. He didn't want Rita to think that she wasn't his soulmate, but he honestly didn't know. They didn't exactly hit it off too well. Him trespassing on her boat and her hating him for quite some time. \"Well, maybe, someone in front of you is your soulmate and you don't know it?\" Roddy said trying to make Rita smile again, and it worked. \"I'll take that theory,\" Rita said agreeing with him. They both watched Kandi and Whitey talk some more. At the other table, the hench rats and Spike were watching Whitey talk to Kandi. \"Wow, she...she actually seems to really like him!\" Fat Barry asked shocked. \"Who knew Whitey would be the lucky one?!\" Ladykiller said with his glasses pulled down exposing his widened eyes. \"Yeah, he gets his girl, why am I not getting mine?!\" Spike asked remembering Liam. \"Liam is super pissed off at me because he thinks I messed up his date! I bet Bubbles does too!\" Ladykiller felt a little bad. \"Well, that didn't go as planned,\" he said. \"No kidding!\" Spike replied. \"Look, I'll talk to her when we have time.\" Ladykiller replied. \"I'll tell her I did it.\" \"I hope so!\" Spike said. He was so annoyed that he couldn't eat. He got up and prepared to leave. \"By the way Spike,\" LadyKiller called making Spike turn around to face him. \"The way you stood up to Liam, that was...you didn't get scared at all. That was very brave of you.\" LadyKiller said. Spike gave a weird look but just nodded in thanks. Sid was at another table alone watching Whitey enjoy Kandi's company. He got a little sad. \"I will always be too fat for anyone to like.\" he said. \"I should try to talk to her.\" Just then, the bell rang and everyone got up to go to class.[Chapter 10] While walking to class, Connor was walking with Tiffany. They were obviously going to another class than all the rats from the flood situation. \"I can't believe we're starting to get close again!\" Tiffany said. \"I haven't talked to you in so long! I actually started to miss you a little.\" Connor blushed bright red. \"Really?\" he asked. \"You missed me?\" \"Well you were my best friend when we were kids.\" Connor's smile then went away. \"Oh, right.\" he said. \"I must ask, is your favorite sport still ice skating?\" Tiffany smiled brightly. \"Why, you remembered!\" she said. \"Yes, it will always be my favorite sport since it reminds me of my childhood. Oh and don't tell anyone this, but..\" she then leaned in closer to his shoulder to whisper something in his ear. \"I actually really like wearing pretty, glittery dresses.\" Connor giggled a little and she did too. \"No kidding!\" he replied. \"Are you trying to maintain an image or something?\" he asked playfully. \"Of course!\" she said. \"It keeps rats like Rita to like me!\" Connor stopped smiling for a minute. \"You don't have to make anyone like you,\" he said as they stopped walking. \"Everyone will like you if you be yourself, trust me.\" Tiffany was stunned by his words. \"Wow, thanks Connor!\" she said. They then continued walking and walked passed Roddy at his locker. Sid came up to him. \"Roddy, can I talk to you?\" he asked. Roddy knew something was up, even though he hated Sid...for the most part. \"Sure what's wrong?\" he asked. \"It's Kandi...\" he replied. \"...Oh no...\" Roddy said getting the hint that he liked her. \"No, no, no, Sid, I...I can't help you.\" he said beginning to walk away. \"Why not?!\" Sid asked following him. \"I've gotten so lonely and fat from not having a girlfriend! It would mean so much to me if you helped me or at least give me some advice!\" Roddy clenched his teeth. He really didn't want to help Sid because he saw the beauty of Kandi's bond with Whitey. He knew Whitey was a better match for her, no matter the little pieces of evil inside of him. \"Sid, I...I just can't.\" Roddy said. \"Well why not?!\" Sid asked. \"Well...because...because I just don't like meddling with peoples' lives that's all.\" he lied. All of a sudden, Connor came and gave him a really awkward tight hug. \"Thank you man! Thank you so much! I am going ice skating with Tiffany! Thanks for giving me courage to talk to her!\" Roddy's eyes widened knowing Sid found out he lied. \"Good for you,\" Roddy said barely smiling. Connor then left smiling brightly. \"Oh you don't like helping people with their crushes huh?\" Sid said a little bit sassy. Roddy turned to face him with a worried look. \"Sid, I'm sorry.\" \"Forget it. I finally get the picture that you hate me. How 'bout I go back Up Top?! Would that make you happy?! Oh wait, you gave that to me. I guess you want me to stay down here and not touch your stuff don't you?!\" Sid said angrily and hurt. \"No! Sid, come on you're being ridiculous! I just care about other peoples' happiness!\" Roddy said shouting at him as Sid was walking away. \"Really?! Because you don't seem to care about mine!\" Sid shouted back. Roddy felt really bad. He hated Sid, but felt really sorry for him. Roddy knew what it was like to not get a girl. He couldn't get one for 24 years, and it hurt to feel unwanted. \"The classroom is this way.\" Sid said walking past Roddy again but going the opposite direction from which he had left him from. \"Blimey what did I do?!\" Roddy said putting his hand on his head. \"I hate seeing rats so miserable! Especially if it's my fault! Maybe you really are stupid Roddy,...\" he told himself. Ariana watched the whole thing from the camera she had in her office. She heard what Roddy said to himself. She noticed his confedience in himself was sorely lacking, and starting to go. Jessica was in her office watching the screen with her. The camera was from the big human ones (the ones shaped like a tube) and hung from the ceiling all wired up. \"Jessica, you might want to change today's lesson,\" Ariana said to her. \"You should teach them about self confedience. I'm sure more rats other that Roddy need it.\" Jessica nodded and left the office and walked into the classroom. She explained to the class the change of lesson plans and got out some books from the doll-sized bookshelf. There were scripts that were written especially for self confedience. \"I am going to ask some of you to read these out loud in the front of the room.\" she said. \"Roddy and Xavior, you can come up first.\" All the henchrats laughed at Spike. LadyKiller even pointed at him. Spike gave him a dirty look. Xavior was his real name. \"Oh I found another script! So how about...Dexter, you can come up.\" Spike pointed and the other henchrats then laughed at LadyKiller. Dexter was appearntly his real name. \"Heh heh heh very funny!\" LadyKiller shot back glaring at everyone laughing, especially at Spike. Roddy, Spike and LadyKiller then went up and grabbed a script. They all stood in front of the room in a straight line. Roddy was on the left, LadyKiller in the middle, and Spike on the right. \"Ok, you boys are going to read aloud you're script.\" Jessica said. \"This script tells a story and teaches an important lesson. Roddy, you read aloud the lines under the name labeled 'Tim.' Dexter, you're 'Alan,' & Xavior, you're 'Jimmy.' Roddy, you may begin.\" They then started reading aloud: \"Hi there Alan! Today is a mighty great day to be alive isn't it?\" Roddy read. Everyone laughed at the statement and Roddy, LadyKiller and Spike were shaking their heads at how cheesy this story started out. \"It sure is Tim!\" LadyKiller read with a little confused hesitant voice. \"It's the perfect day to go out and look for some dames!\" Everyone giggled again, even Jessica. \"Wow really?\" LadyKiller said after he read and everyone giggled once more. \"I'll say it is Alan!\" Spike then read. \"Can I come with you fellas?\" \"Of course!\" Roddy replied. \"Three's better than two!\" \" But Tim, isn't three considered to be a crowd?\" LadyKiller said. \"Jimmy shouldn't join us. Besides, he has no muscles. Girls aren't interested in that. He'd just be a distraction at how ugly he is.\" The room filled with all the students shouting \"Oooh burn!\" Liam was laughing the most because he hated Spike with a passion. \"Even his character in the script is ugly!\" Liam shouted. Everyone laughed again. \"Liam!\" Jessica shouted after the insult. Roddy and the others then continued on reading: \"I guess you're right.\" Spike read. \"No girl will ever love me.\" Sid related to this story and got a little sad. \" Alan, that was very rude to say to Jimmy!... oh god.\" Roddy exclaimed after he read. \"Everyone is beautiful in their own way. If no girl can see that then it's their loss. Someone will eventually love Jimmy no matter what he looks like.\" \"Gee thanks...\" Spike replied even though it wasn't in the script. \"Spike, it's the script, I'm not controlling what it says.\" Roddy replied. They were starting to get off topic. \"At least your character is doing a better job at advice than you are Roddy!\" Sid shouted. \"Sidney!\" Jessica said to him to make him stop. \"Sid, I told you, I didn't want to mess with people's relationships!\" Roddy argued back. Everyone was listening to all of this. \"She's not even in a relationship!\" Sid shouted back. \"Yeah but she's getting close to one!\" Roddy shouted. \"I don't want to mess with their happiness!\" \"Yeah, like what Spike did?!\" Liam shouted. Spike groaned feeling very irritated. He had enough of Liam saying he ruined his date with Bubbles. \"For the last, time, Liam, I DID NOT RUIN YOUR DATE!\" Spike shouted very angrily. Liam actually got a little scared. \"I ruined your date Liam, OK?!\" LadyKiller shouted. \"Now get over it and SHUT UP!\" \"Well Roddy, you are messing with MY happiness!\" Sid shouted again. \"Sid! I can't do anything about it if Kandi likes someone el...oh crap.\" Roddy interrupted himself. Everyone gasped and giggled. Roddy accidently shouted to the whole class who Sid liked. Everyone began laughing. \"Class! Please!\" Jessica shouted trying to get everyone to stop. Sid was getting really embarrassed and heat rose to his cheeks making them turn red. \"Sid likes the dumb girl because he's also dumb!\" Fat Barry shouted. Everyone laughed some more. Le Frog and the henchrats laughed the most. \"Zat is too precious!\" Le Frog said laughing so hard tears were dripping from his eyes. Roddy felt so bad and his face also turned red. He kept looking at embarrassed, heart broken Sid. He almost had tears from his eyes. \"SHUT UP!\" Sid shouted loudly. \"SHUT UP!\" The class's laughter faded. Sid stood up and stared at a guilty Roddy. \"Sid, I...\" Roddy started. But, before he could finish, Sid ran out of the room as fast as he could and slammed the door of the room behind him. The whole room was silent. \"Class, that was very immature and hurtful.\" Jessica said to everyone lecturing them. \"This is why you are all in Charm School. You can't get along and just try to provoke each other for your own benefits! Now look what happened! Stay here. I'm going to go find Sidney.\" She then walked out of the room. The room filled with murmurs towards each other and everyone was staring at Roddy, who was still standing in front of the room with LadyKiller and Spike, script in hand. \"You rats and your dumb love.\" Le Frog said out loud over everyone's voices. Roddy glanced at Rita. She just shrugged and shook her head a little. It was a complete accident but Roddy felt that she was mad at him. Rita has always gotten frustrated at him when he made mistakes because of his clumbsiness. I can't do anything right. Roddy thought. Roddy old chum, you messed things up again. Why do you have to be so stupid? Roddy then left the room as well with everyone staring at him. \"Jessica said not to leave,\" LadyKiller shouted making Roddy stand still in the middle of the archway. \"You're gonna get in trouble!\" Fat Barry then teased. Roddy was so angry and sad at the same time. Tears formed in his eyes and he walked out, also slamming the classroom door. He took a little stroll in the deserted quiet hallway, tears still dripping down his eyes. He felt stupid and worthless. His confedience was indeed getting lower.[Chapter 11] Everyone was still sitting in the classroom murmuring to each other, especially more since Roddy dissed LadyKiller by slamming the door at his comment. \"Rita, why are you dating zat loser?!\" Le Frog asked. \"He's not a loser!\" Rita argued. \"He was just overwhelmed by everyone arguing and shouting at him. He didn't know what to do! You guys keep forgetting he's never been around very many people in his life. He has never been a school nor in such a big argument! He just didn't want to hurt Whitey or Kandi.\" \"He hurt Sid though!\" Whitey said. \"Whitey, why are you defending him?\" LadyKiller asked surprised. \"He likes your potential girlfriend! He wanted Roddy to break you two up!\" \"...Oh yeah huh?\" Whitey said. Everyone was getting really annoyed with that catch phrase by now. \"You know, if Kandi dates Sid, Whitey will stop saying that.\" Thimblenose Ted pointed out. \"Yeah, she's already got Whitey saying that 24/7 now!\" LadyKiller said with his eyes widened underneath his glasses. \"Wait, doesn't Kandi like Roddy though?!\" Liam asked out loud. \"No, not anymore she doesn't.\" Rita replied to her little brother. \"I'm pretty sure she still does.\" Liam said again. \"Roddy is still technically her 'celebrity' crush.\" Liam quoted using his fingers as quotation marks. \"No matter what, girls never get over their celebrity crushes. Even if they're married. Yes, a girl could be happily in love with her husband but on the inside, she still daydreams of Leonardo Di Caprio or Hugh Jackman or someone.\" \"Girls are in love with human actors?\" Whitey asked which was honestly a good point. Liam paused for a minute. \"Well...you know what I mean it...it doesn't matter. ANYWAYS...\" Liam began lecturing again. \"Girls never get over their celebrity crush, especially since Roddy actually goes to the same school as her.\" \"Do you think Roddy likes Kandi back?\" Fat Barry asked. \"I wouldn't be surprised...\" Spike replied. \"She's very pretty and bubbly. Most carefree guys would love to have her, and Roddy is pretty carefree.\" \"Oh my gosh, I think he does like her back!\" LadyKiller shouted. Rita was getting angry. \"He does not!\" Rita shouted back. \"Besides, Kandi really likes Whitey!\" Whitey started blushing. \"Woah, really?\" he asked with a smile growing on his face. \"No wait, what if, Kandi likes both Whitey AND Roddy?!\" LadyKiller said. \"Kandi would probably cheat on Whitey with Roddy!\" Whitey felt hurt at that statement. \"LadyKiller, you're being an idiot.\" Rita shouted. \"Don't start rumors.\" Starting a rumor was actually LadyKiller's plan for getting rid of Sid so Whitey could be with Kandi. \"AND, I'm sure Roddy wants to cheat on you with Kandi!\" he pointed at Rita. Rita was getting very very angry at this. Her face was turning bright red. Le Frog was enjoying this the most though. He couldn't wait to gossip to the whole school about this rumor LadyKiller was started. \"Shut...Up...Dexter!\" Rita shouted standing from her doll-sized desk. Everyone \"oooohed\" when she threatened him with his real name. \"I've kicked your butt once, and I can do it again!\" LadyKiller got a little scared but before anything could happen, the door swung open with a click. Jessica walked in along with Roddy and Sid, both tear-stained. \"Alright, we are going to get back to our script reading.\" Jessica announced. \"Well Loverboy, don't you feel bad?\" LadyKiller said to Roddy. Roddy just glared at him. \"Why are you calling me Loverboy?\" \"Because you are a player.\" LadyKiller replied. \"What?! No I'm not!\" Roddy shouted back. \"Class! Please!\" Jessica said. \"We're going to stop this and continue!\" Class continued for about an hour longer before the bell finally rang. When everyone walked out of class and into the halls, LadyKiller and Le Frog started to tell people about Roddy and Kandi. Everywhere Roddy walked, people would shout \"Loverboy!\" & \"Cheater!\" Le Frog was taunting him the most. \"Bonjour loverboy!\" he greeted with a nasty evil french laugh. \"Muah!\" he then playfully blew a kiss before hopping down the hall. Roddy was so embarrassed and ran to the boy's sanctuary as quickly as he could. When he finally made it, he slammed his books and bag down and sat on the bed with his face buried in his hands. Lenny had been sleeping on the bed and woke up alarmed when Roddy sat down so quickly. His eyes were widened. \"Woah dude!\" Lenny cried. \"Can you give me some warning or something before you started bouncing all crazy?\" Roddy didn't answer. He just sighed in his palms. \"Roddy?\" Lenny asked hopping closer to him. \"Roddy, what's the matter?\" he asked. Roddy lifted his face from his hands. \"LadyKiller! Him and Le Frog spread a rumor about me that I was cheating on Rita with Kandi and that Kandi was cheating on Whitey with me!\" \"Oh my gosh!\" Lenny exclaimed. \"That's horrible! Wait, Kandi and Whitey are dating now?!\" \"Well, not yet.\" Roddy replied. \"But it will definetly work out. Anyways what do I do? If I talk to Rita, people are going to get the wrong impression. I may not even be able to go to the dance around Christmas time!\" \"That's two months away though,\" Lenny replied. \"It hasn't even been Halloween yet.\" \"I know but...\" there was then a knocking on the door which interrupted Roddy. \"Roddy! It's Rita! Can I come in?\" Roddy hesitated a little bit before he spoke. \"Yes, Ri, you can come in.\" he replied. The door opened and Rita walked in, turning around to close the door behind her. She came and sat on the bed next to Roddy. \"You're not going to let them get to you are you?\" she asked. Roddy thought for a minute. His self esteem was already pretty low from his whole experience at this school, so he wasn't sure. Rita noticed the look in his face and how he didn't respond right away. \"Roddy please, who cares what others think? All that matters is that we know that it's not true. Especially Kandi and Whitey. I mean come on, imagine Whitey trying to lie about something this big!...and quite confusing I might add. 'Roddy cheating on Rita with Kandi while Kandi cheats on Whitey.' Who could remember all those names?\" she chuckled a little after her sentence. Roddy half smiled. \"I won't Rita.\" he replied softly. \"But, it's just that, so much has already happened here in Charm School. Finding out I had 4 different families including yours, being bullied, having a rumor spread about me, being confused on what love is. I'm not sure how much I can take anymore. I mean, this is really the first time I've ever been to a school. I don't think I'm sane enough for this type of pressure.\" \"You're not thinking of leaving are you?!\" Rita asked worried. Roddy honestly didn't know. He wanted to runaway badly. Away from his fears. But no one can run away from their fears. So he just looked up at her and replied \"No.\" Rita sighed with relief. \"But, I do fear that things will get out of hand here.\" Roddy continued. \"LadyKiller is trying so hard to break up everyone and get revenge on us. Who knows what they're going to do next.\" \"Roddy, they're complete idiots.\" Rita replied. \"You seriously have to ignore them. They are harmless, trust me.\" Roddy sat up a little. \"Ok.\" he replied. \"Thanks.\" Rita then kissed his cheek and left the room. \"See you later!\" she said walking out the door. Roddy was a little surprised by her kiss, but his mind seemed to be more focused on everything that has happened. \"She kissed you, and you didn't do anything.\" Lenny said. \"Your very first crush kissed you for the first time, and you didn't react. I'm really worried about you now!\" \"Well, technically, Rita wasn't my first crush.\" Roddy replied. Lenny's slug eyes widened. \"Woah really?!\" he asked shocked. He bounced onto the bed beside him where Rita once was. \"But...but how?\" he asked. \"You were alone nearly all of your life!\" \"Well, I lived alone yes,\" Roddy replied. \"But when I was 12 years old, the family in the next apartment had pet rats as well. They were three blonde girls. I don't remember their names at all, but the oldest was my first crush. She was older than me though, about maybe three years difference. We actually hung out a few times but, then their family moved. So obviously, they took their pet rats with them. So, I never saw her again.\" \"Wow, I wonder who she was.\" \"I don't remember either. But, they do seem familier. It feels like I'm getting pieces and pieces of my memory back everyday.\" \"So, first Grandma Jenny seemed familier, and now these three blondes?\" Lenny asked. Roddy nodded, as ridiculous as it sounded. \"Yeah, like I've seen all of them recently.\" Roddy answered. \"I don't know Roddy,\" Lenny replied. \"Maybe you're just feeling so close to your memories that they feel like you've had them recently, or maybe saw them in a dream.\" Roddy sighed a little. \"Yeah, I guess you're right.\" He then got up to do the homework for that day. Meanwhile, at the girls' sanctuary, Rita was a little sad. Tiffany and Kandi were trying to confort her. \"I don't know why I'm so upset about this,\" Rita said. \"I thought Roddy really liked me, he didn't seem to care that I kissed his cheek.\" \"Well, he has a lot of things on his mind,\" Tiffany replied. \"You caught him at a bad moment.\" \"Well, it's not only that,\" Rita said. \"Earlier, we were talking about soulmates and I think, maybe he thought I wasn't his. He said I was but, I am not so sure.\" \"Give him some time.\" Tiffany replied. \"Yeah, after all, love seems to grow doesn't it?\" Kandi said lighting up trying to make Rita smile. \"Yeah but, doesn't true love not make you wait?\" \"Are you kidding?!\" Kandi replied a little shocked. \"True love is what we wait for the most in our lives! We're always waiting!\" \"Yeah, but, I thought Roddy was my true love.\" Rita replied. \"I thought true love was instant, where it's not a crush that grows.\" \"But didn't you tell us that you really didn't like him at first?\" Tiffany asked. \"Obviously that had to grow!\" Rita started getting a little more sad. Tears started to form, but she held them back as tightly as she could. \"I really hope he is my true love though,\" she replied. \"I want him to be! Like what we had talked about the other night, all my exes were jerks. I want a nice guy like Roddy. But, I really am aggressive and I have a bit of a temper. What if I don't deserve him and he really isn't my true love? Honestly, I think he may deserve someone like Kandi.\" Kandi's eyes widened. She liked the thought a little bit since she really liked Roddy before, but she saw how much Rita loved him. \"Yeah but, you can't help who you love,\" Kandi replied. Rita sat on her bed with her arms crossed and Kandi and Tiffany followed her. They sat next to her as Kandi continued. \"After all, you know the saying, opposites attract!\" she said with a giggle. \"I'd never thought I'd say this, but Kandi's right.\" Tiffany said. \"Oh well gee thanks.\" Kandi replied a little sarcastic. \"I have never heard you be so sarcastic before Kandi! Have you been around Rita too long?\" Tiffany asked. \"No, maybe I'm actually smarter than you think I am!\" Kandi fought back. \"I didn't say you were dumb! I just...\" \"YOU GUYS!\" Rita interrupted them. Both girls stopped. \"Right, sorry.\" Tiffany replied. \"Anyways, what I was saying was, if Roddy really does love you back, you both will always find your way back to each other. No matter how difficult it is and who gets in your way. Something that could destroy those Henchrats' plans. Whomever they are trying to break up or bring together, it wouldn't matter. Because, people who are truly in love will be together no matter what.\" Rita felt her heart warming up a little after that statement, but was still sad. \"Sometimes I worry since this is technically a high school, that there is no such thing as true love.\" she said. \"I feel stupid now. I am starting to live in some kind of fairy tale. I am supposed to be aggressive and strong, be a tough girl. Don't get your heart broken again!\" her last word got a little loud and anger in it. She then punched the pillow on her bed. Tiffany and Kandi were a little shocked at her temper rising. Kandi ran up to hug her. \"Why are you hugging me?!\" Rita asked a little annoyed. \"I don't care what you think of me, everyone needs a hug.\" Kandi replied. Rita's tears then formed for real and strolled down her cheek as she embraced Kandi back. Tiffany then joined them and formed a group hug. \"Don't be so hard on yourself,\" Tiffany said. \"Yeah, you were just listening to your heart.\" Kandi added. \"There's nothing wrong with that. Everyone has feelings, you can't be strong every minute.\" \"You both are so right.\" Rita replied as she sniffled. \"What has this school done to us? It makes me wonder if we are really changing for the better.\"[Chapter 12] It's been a couple of weeks now and the rumor was still going around about Roddy cheating on Rita with Kandi. Roddy tried not to listen to it, and for the most part he really didn't, but he was still annoyed by it. People still called him Loverboy and a player. Roddy couldn't worry about that though. He was still at lost with his argument with Sid and his past. Him and Sid hadn't spoke to each other since. Sid still has his crush on Kandi, but tried to forget it. He always sat at a table outside of the school castle instead of inside. He was all by himself, and a little sad. Rita was still a little upset. She still felt like she was too aggressive for someone as innocent as Roddy. She still worried and almost tried to tell herself that Roddy needed somebody sweeter. Those kinds of thoughts made her cringe. But she wasn't sure if she was cringing because of her heart breaking, or because it's the truth and she couldn't handle it. As for Kandi, she was more confused than ever. She really liked Whitey, but she still had a little bit of feelings for Roddy. Like Liam had said, Kandi wasn't entirely over Roddy, and probably never will since she liked him first. Some her feelings started to grow back a little since Rita said that Roddy needed someone like her. She was also aware that Sid liked her. She really didn't know what to do and it affected her concentration in classes. Spike, Whitey and the henchrats were still trying to get Spike and Bubbles together. However, while in LadyKiller, Liam and Spike's room, they all started to argue again. \"Stop trying to get Bubbles to hook up with Spike!\" Liam ordered as LadyKiller and Spike stood there, arms folded. \"It's obvious she likes me, so get over it already!\" \"That's only because you know how to talk to girls and Spike's an idiot!\" LadyKiller shouted. \"HEY!\" Spike shouted. \"I still have feelings you know!\" Liam and LadyKiller ignored Spike's remark. \"Just you wait skater boy, she will come crawling to Spike in no time.\" LadyKiller said. \"I can punch your face in harder than you think Dexter,\" Liam said forming a fist and calling him by his real name. LadyKiller grabbed his wrist before Liam's fist could hit his face. \"Nice try Liam.\" he replied. \"I'm still bigger than you.\" He then grabbed Liam's arm and flipped in forwards as he hit the ground with a thud and a shriek. \"Oh my god that hurt!\" Liam shouted moaning a little. Spike laughed with a really weird laugh. \"HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA! That's what you get emo boy!\" he shouted. That just made Liam even more angry. \"I am not emo!\" he shouted pushing Spike onto the ground next to him. \"Alright alright stop!\" LadyKiller said as Thimblenose Ted and Fat Barry walked in the room surprised. \"Will you all knock it off?!\" Thimblenose Ted shouted. The whole room went silent. \"Can you all just gain control of your maturity for just a minute?! This is why I told you to never 'love' someone. It just makes you crazy!\" \"Oh please Ted, you know nothing about love.\" Liam said standing up and brushing himself off. \"What makes you think you do?\" Thimblenose Ted asked. \"You're just a teenager. Teenagers can't fall in love.\" Liam thought about it. He really didn't want to believe him, but it got to him a little. \"Whatever.\" he said silently and stormed out of the room closing the door. \"What is going on with this school?!\" Fat Barry asked worried. \"I mean, you said we were trying to stop fights by breaking everyone up! But EVERYONE is fighting!\" \"That is true Dexter,\" Thimblenose Ted added. \"What is this?! Torture LadyKiller with his real name month?!\" LadyKiller reacted. \"And yes, I know things have gotten out of hand, but that's only because we are trying to set up Whitey and Spike with other girls who have other feelings!\" Whitey then walked into the room with a dreamy look on his face. \"Oh God what happened?!\" Thimblenose Ted asked. \"I'm in love...\" Whitey said softly. \"Oh no.\" Thimblenose Ted responded annoyed. \"We're in Charm School for pete's sake! Can we stop with all this love drama?!\" \"I can't help it,\" Whitey replied. \"I really think Kandi likes me back. I'm going to ask if I can hang out with her on Halloween tomorrow night.\" \"Oh come on Whitey!\" Thimblenose Ted responded. \"Well now hang on a minute,\" LadyKiller said putting a finger on his chin thinking. A smile was starting to curve. \"I have another plan!\" \"Oh Lord.\" Thimblenose Ted replied. \"Damn will you stop complaining for one second Ted?!\" LadyKiller replied. Thimblenose Ted just ignored him. \"Anyways, I think Whitey should hang out with Kandi. After all, we were trying to set them up you know. But, I also have a way to destroy Liam and Bubble's relationship once and for all!\" \"I don't know LadyKiller,\" Spike replied. \"I still really like her but Liam was right. She has feelings for him. I can't force her to like me.\" All the guys stared at him in shock. \"Are you sick or something?!\" LadyKiller asked. \"I'll feel his forehead!\" Fat Barry said doing so. \"He's warm! Call an ambulance!\" \"No! I'm perfectly fine!\" Spike said. \"I'm just saying.\" \"But Spike, it's not like you to give up this easy.\" LadyKiller replied. \"Yeah I know, I guess I lost hope I guess.\" Spike said. \"Well don't! I am going to make Bubbles realize that Liam is no good for her!\" LadyKiller said. \"He's gothic and pretty aggressive, just like his dumb sister Rita. They both don't deserve someone sweet and innocent. We just have to make Liam's temper show when he's around Bubbles!\" \"But wouldn't that hurt her?!\" Fat Barry asked. \"Well, it might a little,\" LadyKiller said. \"But she has to know the truth.\" \"But I am evil,\" Spike said. \"What if I don't deserve her either?\" \"I think you deserve her more than Liam.\" LadyKiller responded. \"Same with Roddy and Rita actually. Rita is too aggressive for Roddy. I mean look at what happened to him! He is so depressed and gloomy lately!\" \"Yeah but, that might be because of his past with his parents and all.\" Thimblenose Ted replied. \"I mean, the guy just found out he was a prince and lived with four different families. It's a wonder how he's still functioning. Are you sure we should hurt him even more?\" LadyKiller thought for a minute. \"He costed us our jobs, so yes.\" he replied. \"I already have a plan for Spike and Bubbles, but what are we going to do with Roddy and Rita?\" he started to think hard again, making a focused face. Even the other Henchrats couldn't think of anything. \"We have to get Kandi to kiss Roddy...\" LadyKiller finally said. \"WHAT?! NO!\" Whitey shrieked. \"Alright alright we won't!\" LadyKiller replied calming Whitey down. \"I'll think of something though. Honestly, I don't think we need to do anything. Roddy is on the brink of breaking, maybe their relationship will fall on it's own.\" He then began explaining his plan about Liam and Bubbles to everyone in the room. Meanwhile, in the girls' room, Kandi was laying some clothes on her bed when Tiffany walked in. \"Hey Tif!\" she greeted. \"Hi,\" Tiffany said. \"Did you just come back from another date with Connor?\" Kandi asked. Tiffany smiled. \"Yes,\" she replied. \"It's been our forth date, and nearly all of them have been ice skating!\" she then began giggling and flopped on her bed. \"I missed ice skating so much, and I missed him too. I wish I spent more time with him when I was younger. It's weird how friendships can drift away that easily.\" \"Yeah I know, it's weird.\" Kandi replied folding up a long sleeved pink shirt on her bed. \"What are you doing if I may ask?\" Tiffany asked sitting up watching Kandi folding her clothes. \"Cleaning out my dresser,\" Kandi replied. \"I have to get rid of last season's clothes. I completely forgot it was autumn and not summer anymore. Plus, I'm trying to see what clothes I can make for a Halloween costume tomorrow.\" \"Oh yeah that's right!\" Tiffany said. \"Tomorrow's Halloween! Is anyone having a party?\" \"Nah, I think people are just going to do what they please with their friends tomorrow night.\" Kandi replied. \"Just like any other weekend, except everyone is dressed up and pranks are accepted...for the most part.\" she then giggled with her girly laugh. Tiffany laughed as well. \"Are you going to hang out with Connor tomorrow night?\" Kandi asked. \"I'm almost positive,\" Tiffany replied. \"You?\" \"Well, I was thinking of hanging out with Whitey but...\" She then sighed and walked over to sit next to Tiffany on her bed. \"I feel like it's a sin if I hang out with him.\" \"What are you talking about?\" Tiffany asked concerned. \"He tried to kill Roddy and Rita with the other henchrats and that weird frog!\" Kandi answered. \"I feel like I really shouldn't, even though he really likes hanging out with me.\" \"You can't help who you love Kandi,\" Tiffany said. \"Remember what we told Rita last night?\" \"Yeah but, I mean...It's like I'm in love with the Devil or something.\" Kandi replied nearly frightened by her feelings. Tiffany chuckled a little. \"Tiff!\" Kandi said shocked by her laughing. \"Sorry but that sounded ridiculous.\" Tiffany replied. \"You really think someone like Whitey can be compared to the Devil?!\" Kandi thought about it. \"Well, I guess not.\" she replied. \"He's sweet as candy...like my name!\" Kandi then lit up and giggled some more. \"And he is just like you, that's why you like him.\" Tiffany added. \"Oh yeah huh?\" Kandi said with her usual catch phrase. \"Ok then, I guess I'll try to make a costume and plan something with Whitey!\" she said getting up and going through her clothes again. \"I'll go ask him first!\" she then skipped out of the room happily as Rita walked in. She looked in Kandi's direction as she left. \"Have you noticed that Kandi seemed to get more...you know...normal?\" Tiffany asked getting up and walking towards Rita. Rita chuckled but she did notice it. \"Yeah, I mean, she hasn't really said anything remotely stupid in about three weeks.\" Rita replied. \"Maybe Charm School is actually making a difference.\" Tiffany said. \"So anyways, are you going to hang out with Roddy tomorrow night for Halloween?\" Rita's smile went away a little. \"I want to ask him but...\" she started. \"Are you still worried about him not liking you?\" Rita shrugged. \"What if he really does need someone like Kandi?!\" \"Rita, Kandi and Whitey are nearly a thing now,\" Tiffany replied. \"I'm pretty sure you are good to go. No one here is shipping Kaddy so you are fine.\" Rita laughed a little at the name. \"But still, not just Kandi, I mean anyone. What if he needs a sweet princess or someone? Especially since he himself is a prince?!\" \"He can love whomever he wants to love.\" Tiffany replied. \"But, didn't you say that you can't control who you love?\" Rita asked. Tiffany thought about it. She completely forgot about that. \"Yes that is true, but...\" \"It's ok Tiffany. I know you can't be much help.\" Rita interrupted her. \"Look, just hang out with Roddy tomorrow anyways.\" Tiffany said. \"You don't know for sure if he doesn't like you back or not. So just relax about it ok? It's not like you to be so tense Rita.\" Rita thought about that. \"Yeah, you're right.\" she replied. \"What's happened to me?! I'm a nervous wreck!\" \"It's those dumb henchrats.\" Tiffany replied. \"I think they've got everyone having an internal problem lately. Well anyways try to forget about that, and we can make a costume for you.\" They then got up and started going through Rita's dresser. Roddy was walking in the hallway of the boys' floor to Sid's room. He was a little nervous, but couldn't stand the anxiety of not talking to him. Roddy still couldn't stand Sid, but he felt bad about everything. He finally found the door with Sid, Whitey and Fat Barry's name on the sign. Roddy exhaled slowly and knocked on the door, tenses rising. Sid cracked the door open. He froze when he saw it was Roddy. \"Can I please talk to you?\" he asked. \"Sure I guess.\" Sid said opening the door all the way letting Roddy in. Sid closed the door behind him and they stood in the middle of the room. \"Look, I didn't mean to not want to help you with Kandi,\" Roddy started. \"But, I feel like she's having a good time with Whitey, and I didn't want to interfere with that. And about the script reading the other day, again, I didn't mean to do that. You know how clumsy I am. Things slip out of my mouth.\" \"Roddy, it's ok.\" Sid said sadly. \"No it isn't, you were embarrassed and I lied to you.\" \"Yeah well, you lie to pretty much everyone.\" Sid replied harshly. \"What?! No I don't!\" Roddy reacted. \"Oh please Roddy!\" Sid answered. \"You lied to Rita about having a family when in reality, you've had four. Then you lied to me about not interfering with anyone's relationships.\" \"Look, I admit that lying to Rita about having a family was really stupid on my part,\" Roddy said. \"But I just want what's best for people! I don't like messing with people's feelings!\" \"But you don't care about mine!\" Sid shouted back. \"For God sake Sid! Stop being so damn selfish!\" Roddy shouted back. Sid's facial expression changed and was a little surprised. He was quiet for a minute. \"Not everything can be about you!\" Roddy continued. \"What about Kandi and Whitey's feelings?! If you really liked Kandi, then you'd want her to be happy! And another thing, you were really selfish when you first broke into my house and took all the food and watched the world cup on tv!\" \"But you gave me the house.\" Sid said. \"Yeah well, I figured I might as well since I wasn't going to live there anymore. But I just wanted to point that out. Look, I didn't come here to fight, I've gotten in enough fights already. But please, you need to understand this. The only reason I helped Connor with Tiffany was because they weren't seeing anyone else. They were easy to match up.\" Sid stood there and sighed. \"Ok, I guess you're right.\" Sid said. \"I'm sorry I shouted at you.\" \"No worries,\" Roddy said. \"It's just that, I never have a girlfriend.\" Sid started up again. \"I'm always really fat and well...like you said...selfish. I too have had problems with my parents. They really didn't care what I did in our house, let alone really take care of me. But I ate all the time. I was made fun of for my weight and I guess I don't work well with others for being so selfish. My first crush was Rita when I came to the London Sewers.\" Roddy's eyes widened a little bit. \"Then, why didn't you guys ever date?\" \"Why do you think?!\" Sid asked trying to sound obvious. \"Look at me. I'm fat and so not boyfriend material. Then of course,...she met you. If she really liked me, well...she likes you now.\" Roddy felt a little bad. \"But sometimes I feel like we're opposites.\" Roddy replied. \"Sometimes I feel like I'm too innocent and wimpy for Rita. Maybe she really does need someone strong like you.\" \"What are you talking about?\" Sid asked. \"You saved the entire sewer from a flood! You are beyong strong!\" \"Yeah but, I'm really clumsy.\" Roddy answered. \"If me and Rita don't work out, which sometimes I feel like we won't, you should seriously try to date her.\" \"Don't say that.\" Sid answered. \"I'm over that crush and we are really far in the 'friend zone.' Besides I like Kandi remember? Even though, she seems too innocent for me. I don't even know anymore. This is why I always thought I was better off alone. Look, just hang out with Rita tomorrow night for Halloween and don't even worry about me. I'll just be getting fatter by eating candy anyways.\" \"I don't know about that Sid,\" Roddy replied. \"I'd feel bad.\" \"Don't.\" Sid said. \"I'm better off alone. So let me be.\" Roddy didn't know exactly what to say to that. \"Ok fine.\" Roddy said. \"I'll leave you be.\" he said. He then walked out of the room and sighed. Sid sighed as well. Everyone's confedience seemed to be going down more and more throughout this whole charm school experience, especially Roddy, Rita and Sid's.[Chapter 13] The next day came around and it was Halloween. Everyone was talking about what they were going to do that night during their classes. However, they couldn't use much for their costumes since they were only allowed to walk three blocks to stores. Some still had costumes, but not much. Most rats had to make costumes with their everyday clothes. The cafeteria had candy in it though for the holiday, since no one could really go trick or treating. That night, everyone got dressed and seemed to hang out in random places at the school or outside within the three block limit. Roddy and Rita walked around outside the school talking. Roddy was dressed as a devil with fake red devil horns on his head. Rita tried dressing as an 80's chick, so she streaked her hair in different colors, wore crazy makeup and some of Kandi's crazy neon colored clothes. Rita also wore some laced up boots, that she usually wore every day. \"It's been a while since we've been outside the school.\" Roddy said while walking past some kids running around. \"Yeah I know.\" Rita replied. \"It's so nice and refreshing. I feel free, even if it's just for one night.\" \"I have that feeling too.\" Roddy replied. \"I can't wait until we get out of here.\" \"Same here.\" Rita said. \"Although, I do wonder what we're going to be doing once we get out of here.\" Roddy added. \"What do you mean?\" Rita asked. \"Well, we've met so many nice friends here. We could literally be a giant clique. What exactly are we going to do once we get back home?\" Rita thought about it. \"Gosh, I never really thought of that.\" Rita answered. \"I guess I'd just be going back to work on the boat and taking care of my big family. Not sure if that sounds fun or not.\" Roddy agreed, but he really didn't want Rita to know that. \"It feels just like when you dropped me off at my house up top.\" Roddy said. \"We were a little disappointed when our adventure was over, even though it endangered our lives. Then we'd say goodbye to our friends and that was it. All good things come to an end. But honestly, I'm not sure what this school has done for us.\" \"What do you mean?\" Rita asked again. \"Well,\" Roddy started. \"I don't feel anymore proper, in fact, my confedience has gotten quite low ever since I've gotten here.\" \"But, that's mainly because you found out about your family, or families.\" Rita replied. \"Well, yeah but,...I feel like everyone hates me.\" Roddy said. \"I feel like you don't even like me anymore.\" Rita was really shocked at that. \"Of course I like you!\" she said. \"Sid hates me now.\" Roddy started up again. \"I tried talking to him and, he just got upset again. He even told me that he used to like you.\" Rita wasn't surprised about that because she knew. \"Yep that's right.\" Rita replied. \"You knew?\" Roddy asked. \"Of course! He asked me out one day.\" \"Well, what happened? If you don't mind me asking that is.\" Roddy said. \"Well, he asked me out, but I really wasn't attracted to him. I know that sounds aweful, especially since relationships aren't based on looks, but I really wasn't. I rejected him easily, but we stayed really good friends, as you can see.\" \"Oh.\" Roddy replied. \"It's just, he seemed really insecure about not having a girlfriend, and felt that he was fat.\" \"Wow, I feel really bad for him.\" Rita answered. \"It's horrible how society can be based on looks.\" \"Yeah but then again, his lack of confedience doesn't help either.\" Roddy replied. \"You have to fall in love with yourself first before someone can fall in love with you.\" Rita smiled at his remark. \"Roddy?\" she asked. Roddy looked back up at her. \"Do you like yourself?\" Roddy thought for a minute. His own confedience was so low he didn't even know anymore. \"As far as looks or personality?\" he asked. \"Why does it matter?\" Rita asked. \"I mean, your personality and your looks make up your entire soul.\" Roddy still hesitated. \"Well, I guess my looks are ok, even though I've been dressing like a nerd lately. My personality? Well, I hate how clumsy and weak I am.\" Rita was surprised at his answers. \"But, you are strong.\" she replied. \"I mean you saved us from a flood, you flushed yourself down the toilet despite all the sharp turns, you fought bravely with me against the Toad and the dumb henchrats, how the hell are you weak?!\" \"I mess up a lot.\" Roddy answered. They stopped walking for a minute. \"Rod, no offense but, you have to get over that.\" she replied. \"That's part of who you are! It hasn't and never will stop you from fighting for what you believe in!\" \"I really hate having that quality though.\" Roddy replied sadly. Rita didn't know what to tell him. Literally nothing she could say would make him love himself. Rita felt sick to her stomach seeing Roddy sad. Almost as if...she could feel his pain. \"Roddy, you're making me upset by being upset yourself.\" she told him. \"How so?\" he asked looking back up at her. \"I don't like seeing you like this.\" Rita replied. \"I hate it when people say hurtful things towards my friends and family, and especially you! If you are hurting then, it's like I can feel your pain, and we both don't want to feel hurt.\" Roddy's eyes widened in shock. \"But that's impossible!\" Roddy cried. \"No one can feel each other's pain!\" \"Yeah but, ...I love you.\" Rita said. \"Maybe, soulmates can feel each other's pain...\" Roddy stared at her shocked. She really did like him. They stared into each other's eyes for a little while longer before moving closer. Their heads were really close together as they kept moving forward, with their lips barely touching. \"Hi guys!\" Liam said right next to Roddy. They both jumped and Roddy squealed a little. They backed away with Rita smoothing out her skirt awkwardly and putting her hands behind her back. Roddy put a hand on his heart and breathed heavily. \"Oh my god you scared me!\" he told Liam. \"Did I interrupt something?\" Liam asked. \"No nothing at all.\" Roddy said blushing. Liam was still oblivious to what had happened. \"Anyways, have you seen Bubbles?\" Liam continued to ask. \"No, you're not hanging out with her?\" Rita asked surprised. \"Well, I wanted to ask her to hang out but I really can't find her. Where could she be?\" He then started walking around mysteriously. Watching Liam from behind a building, were the henchrats. \"Ok Spike, I had Ted lure Bubbles inside the school. Go get her. She's in the cafeteria.\" LadyKiller said. \"Alright!\" Spike said running from the edge of a store's building and into the school. He ran through the doors, turned left at the foyer and into the cafeteria. Sure enough, Bubbles was standing there. She had nothing but bunny ears on her head for a costume. The rest of her outfit was her usual skater clothes. She wasn't sad, but the way she was leaning on one of the tables seemed like she was upset. Spike ran over to her. \"Bubbles!\" he said. She looked up. She didn't smile but she lifted up and greeted him. \"Oh, hi Spike.\" she said softly. \"What's wrong?\" Spike asked a little concerned. \"I heard you and Liam fought over me.\" Bubbles replied. \"Well, we do both like you.\" Spike hesitated. \"But you both don't need to fight over me!\" she said again. \"It's really immature!\" Liam then found Bubbles and ran up to both of them. \"Spike! Why are you still bothering her?!\" he said defensive. \"She's upset!\" Spike argued. \"I was trying to help her! If she really was your 'so called girlfriend' you would know that!\" Bubbles stepped about two inches away from them. \"WHAT?!\" she cried. \"I am not anyone's girlfriend!\" Bubbles said. Liam looked surprised, almost heartbroken. \"What do you mean?\" he asked. \"Liam, I really do like you, but we only had one date. We aren't considered boyfriend and girlfriend yet. Not even that close.\" she explained. Liam understood, but was a little hurt. \"Ha!\" Spike said pointing at Liam. \"You were so sure you both were 'a thing', but you didn't think about her feelings!\" he said that a little too happy and devilishly, but it was true. \"Frankly, I don't even know if I want either of you.\" That's when they both were stunned. \"Wait, what?!\" the both reacted at once. They glared at each other for a second realizing they spoke at once and turned their heads back to face Bubbles. \"I don't want to be with a guy whose going to fight over me with someone else when we weren't even serious yet. I don't even know what to think anymore.\" she said. Tears started forming in her eyes, but they weren't visible yet. \"I'm sorry. I'll try to give one of you another chance, but I have to think this through. I am very confused on my feelings at the moment.\" she then started sobbing hard and ran out of the room. \"Bubbles!\" Liam called. She ignored him sobbing away. Some rats noticed but tried to ignore it and enjoy their night. Liam's face then turned to Spike's angrily. \"Oh, so you're going to start blaming me now...AGAIN.\" he said. \"OF COURSE!\" Liam shouted. \"You ruined everything!\" Liam was getting to close to Spike. He kept walking towards Spike until he was trapped against a wall. He then pushed Liam away from him. \"LOOK!\" Spike reacted pushing Liam back with great force. It surprised Liam how strong he had gotten. \"Don't you see it Liam?!\" Spike continued. \"You are so selfish and agressive! You are blaming everyone for your problems. Actually no, you blame me for every little thing that happens! It is never me that does anything wrong! I am human! I may make mistakes now and then but I didn't ruin your date, and you pick a fight with me every minute of the day! Maybe that's why Bubble's is confused over her feelings over you! Now stop bullying me all the time!\" Liam was stunned at Spike's defense. He actually stood up for himself. Liam was infurated but can't help but feel like it was true. \"Yeah but,...ok first of all, you aren't a human, you're a rat,\" Liam started making it too obvious. Spike rolled his eyes. \"Second of all,\" Liam continued. He was really angry and was pointing a finger at Spike about to say something. He just sighed though. He dropped his finger pointing at him and stared at the ground. \"Spike, I'm really sorry.\" he said. Spike was a little surprised that he was actually apoligizing to him. \"I can't believe this, but I think you're right.\" Liam continued. \"I am always so aggressive and, well, selfish. And like you said, I quickly blamed you for every little thing that happened. I caused this fight between us. Maybe she really is a little too sensitive for me. I guess I am really too aggressive.\" \"Well, Liam, I wouldn't say that you caused this.\" Spike replied. \"LadyKiller...\" Liam said getting angry again. \"Just as what I was thinking!\" Spike said. \"Isn't he you're friend though?\" Liam asked. \"Yes,\" Spike answered. \"But he played with that girl's heart trying to set me up with her. I think I'm going to have a talk with him.\" \"Why can't I come?\" Liam asked. \"We are roommates after all.\" \"Yes, but, me and him get along better.\" Spike replied. He then left and ran out of the cafeteria and up the stairs. Liam stood there with a weird look on his face. \"Same old Spike.\" Liam said walking back outside to find Roddy and Rita. After Liam left, Thimblenose Ted was at a table listening to this whole thing. He stayed there after luring Bubbles into the room by saying Liam need to tell her something. He was reading a torn up newspaper, which is really hard to read without much of the story, but he had to blend in with the rest of the rats in the room. \"Spike is going to confront Dexter eh?\" he said to himself rubbing his chin thinking. \"I better get in on this as well.\" he then got up and went upstairs. Meanwhile, Kandi and Whitey were in Whitey's sanctuary that he shares with Sid and Fat Barry. Kandi was dressed as a cat with cat ears on her head, and Whitey was wearing his normal gangster looking clothes. Sid was in the bedroom with the doors closed so he could not hear them talking. He was still hurt by not having Kandi but knew that she liked Whitey. He tried to lighten up. He was eating candy on the floor. He took a blue jelly bean and was about to put it in his mouth, but stopped. Just knowing the word \"candy\" reminded him of her. They were so sweet, like her. So colorful and sugary, that brings joy to many people especially kids. \"Just like her.\" Sid whispered to himself. Sid felt as if his heart were sinking. He was used to this feeling though, so he didn't cry. He is always single. This is just the first time that food has reminded him of the girl he liked. \"I'll eat something dark,\" he said to himself. He grabbed a dark chocolate bar. \"Since I'm so sad tonight.\" He then started munching on it. \"Do you ever wish you never worked for the Toad?\" Kandi asked Whitey while they were on the couch. \"Well, not really.\" Whitey replied. \"I needed a job, and that was what I ended up with. I promise you though, I never tried to physically kill Millicent and Rita.\" \"Oh ok but...Millicent?!\" Kandi interrupted herself. \"I knew his name was Millicent! Wait, is that his real name? I heard your teacher calls him Roddy!\" \"I don't know.\" Whitey replied. \"That man has got so many secrets, it's a wonder he's still alive. Do you, happen to like him still?\" Kandi looked down for a minute at her hands. \"I really don't know.\" she replied. \"I don't think so though. \"I mean, I never got a chance with him so, since nothing ever happened, feelings could still be there. Just, ignored. But, I think I like you better.\" Kandi said smiling. Whitey smiled and blushed at her. \"Really?\" he asked pleased. \"Yeah, I mean, both of our personalities are a lot alike. Sometimes I feel like, people treat me like I'm a five year old.\" Kandi replied. \"I don't know if anyone thinks that I am really capable of anything. I am not that smart, I admit that.\" \"I feel that way too.\" Whitey replied. \"I always messed up, which is probably why, Roddy and Rita are still alive all.\" Kandi seemed a little terrified at that remark. \"But I am not that smart either. I get everything confused. But hey, if we are really dumb, we can be dumb together.\" He said that with a smile. Kandi wanted to smile but was a little hesitant. What am I doing? she thought to herself. Maybe I am really that dumb to be in love with a criminal! Whitey was still expecting an answer from her. \"Whitey,\" Kandi started. \"I...\" The front doors soon swung open. It was Spike. \"Whitey!\" He shouted. \"We are going to my room, NOW!\" \"Now?!\" Whitey stood up and asked. \"Yes, NOW!\" Spike repeated. \"It's urgent! Henchrat meeting!\" Spike then left and ran down the hall. Whitey sighed and Kandi felt awkward. \"SHUT UP YOU CRAZY VERMIN!\" came a shout through the wall along with some pounding. It was from Le Frog. \"God, every single time I try to get ze sleep you all start arguing! Sacre' bleu! Je ne peux pas! (I can't)\" he mumbled again in french through the walls. \"I'm sorry Kandi, I have to go!\" Whitey said and walked out of the room. \"But wait!\" she called. The door clicked shut. She sighed. \"I am more confused then ever!\" Kandi said to herself. She then got up and walked sadly to the room she shared with Rita and Tiffany.[Chapter 14] Chapter 14 \"Did you have to call a meeting now?!\" Whitey complained to Spike as they were marching down the hall to LadyKiller's room. \"I was actually getting lucky with a girl!\" Spike had an angry annoyed look on his face but gave Whitey an even weirder face. \"Well goodie for you.\" Spike said saracstically. \"I'm sorry but LadyKiller ruined everything for both me & Liam!\" \"You're taking Liam's side now are ya?\" Whitey asked confused. 'Yes.\" Spike replied. \"Well, not percisely. But he really hurt Bubbles just trying to break everyone up! So I'm going to have a talk with him!\" \"Then why do I have to come?\" Whitey kept asking even though they were already almost to the room. \"Because this may involve you & Kandi as well!\" he said. \"Wait, what?!\" Whitey replied shocked and worried. \"Exactly,\" Spike just replied. They reached the door and Spike kicked the doors wide open to him, LadyKiller and Liam's room. \"Dexter!\" Spike screeched making LadyKiller stand up. \"Spike! Stop calling me by my real name!\" LadyKiller cried. \"I don't care!\" Spike shouted again. \"I have a bone to pick with you!\" \"Woah, Spike dude, chill!\" he said putting his hands up in surrender. \"No! I will not chill!\" Spike snapped back. There was another pounding on the wall. \"SHUT UP!\" Le Frog shouted through the walls. \"I SWEAR ZE NEXT TIME YOU ALL SHOUT I AM COMING OVER Z'ERE!\" Everyone was silent for a minute. Then Thimblenose Ted and Fat Barry came into the room. \"Are you really yelling at him about Bubbles?\" he asked Spike irritated as usual. \"Yes, sure I am!\" Spike said. \"Dexter, you played with that girl's heart! She doesn't want me OR Liam now!\" LadyKiller's eyes widened under his dark sunglasses. \"Girls, they sure do take relationships too seriously.\" he commented. \"She claims she was never in a relationship!\" Spike continued. \"Finally! Does that dumb Liam get it now?! It was just one date!\" LadyKiller commented again. \"DEXTER SHUT THE HELL UP!\" Spike screeched loudly that the walls roared. Everyone stood there in shock. Spike has gotten a lot stronger since his time here. \"You know what? I'm starting to think you're trying to break literally everyone up! I don't even think you want me to be happy with a girl! It's obvious she doesn't want me, and we kept interferring! I'm pretty sure you would notice that and just go on about it so I'd feel like I'd have a chance!\" \"That's only because she was hypnotised by Liam.\" LadyKiller replied. \"Yes! Because she loves Liam!\" Spike replied. \"At least,...not anymore. She said she's confused now.\" \"That wasn't real love then!\" Fat Barry interjected astonishly. Everyone stared at him. \"Ooh that's not good for Liam then.\" Thimblenose Ted said. \"See? It all worked out!\" LadyKiller said. \"She still doesn't want me!\" Spike shouted. \"No girl ever does! Whitey has a girlfriend and I don't! I mean, that is kind of a red flag right there!\" \"Why are all of you guys so obsessed with girls and love?!\" LadyKiller shouted. \"It's just Charm School! We came here to learn!\" \"Because bettering ourselves involves confedience and you realize you don't have any when no girls want you!\" Spike screeched on the last word. Everyone's eyes widened at Spike's remark. Spike was on the brink of tears, and ran into the bedroom slamming the door hard behind him, making the doors rattle. The room was silent for a minute. \"Maybe that's why Roddy has been feeling down as well.\" Thimblenose Ted said breaking the silence. \"The paths we are going to changing ourselves, breaks us down. Look at him. Spike and Roddy have never cried in front of us!\" \"Ok, hang on a minute, his name is Roddy?!\" Whitey asked in confusion, still thinking his name was Millicent. The other henchrats ignored Whitey. \"See what you've done?!\" Ted continued on. \"People are actually starting to get hurt! You should've just left it alone!\" Thimblenose Ted then to went into the bedroom to calm his thoughts. The rest of the Halloween night was scary indeed. Full of emotions that drove people mad. After Halloween, a few weeks went by. It was mid-November, and things started to change. For instance, Kandi, had started talking less, in fear of getting picked on. Her voice also had gotten a little lower. She even dressed differently, like today. Today, she was wearing her long bleach-blonde hair in a high pony-tail, a hot pink jersey t-shirt with the number 11 in black on it, black sleeves underneath, black shorts, and black slip-ons. She even wore really high up hot pink socks, she looked like she was dressed for a game of softball. She sat quietly with a neutral face on her bed. She was writing in her pink diary she had written before about Roddy. Although this time, it was about someone else... Whitey, but she was so confused by him. She didn't want to tell anyone, but everyone probably figured it out by now. This was the first time she was actually sad, and didn't even come down to breakfast. She secretly kept some crackers in her dresser (wrapped up tight so bugs didn't steal it) in case of a day where she didn't want to come down. She sighed a little, but through her nose. I feel so stupid and confused! Kandi wrote. Even more so than usual (as my mum would say)! I have gotten really close to this man who is called Whitey, and he seems to be really sweet and talks to me a lot. But,... he was one of the henchrats. He helped the Toad try to kill Rita and Millicent! Have I gone more crazy than usual?! But, he's so cute and nice, and his eyes are my favorite shade of pink, he can't be all that bad could he? I must mention this to no one but you diary. Everyone would freak if they found out, especially my mum and dad! They're the reason I'm in this stupid school! Why can't anyone see me for the real me?! she then slammed her diary and layed face-first on her pillow sobbing. Rita came into their sanctuary and knocked on the bedroom door, even though it was open. \"Kandi?\" she called. \"Can I come in? It's Rita.\" Kandi wiped her eyes and sat up straight. \"Sure.\" she said softly. She clutched her pink fuzzy heart-shaped pillow to her chest. \"You weren't at breakfast,\" Rita said as if it were obvious. She sat down next to her on the bed. \"Yeah, I know...\" Kandi replied softly. \"How come?\" Rita asked. \"I'm just going through some things right now.\" Kandi replied again. \"It pretty much happens to me every few months. I'll remember one thing and I'll cry for a while. I always stock up on crackers in case I don't feel like being around other rats at the tables.\" With that, she slowly bit into her giant human-sized cracker. \"I'm guessing you don't want to talk about it.\" Rita said looking straight ahead. \"Well, I don't.\" Kandi said. \"But, I guess talking about some of it wouldn't hurt.\" Rita turned towards her to face her, still sitting on the bed. \"I have a rough time with my family.\" Kandi confessed. \"They're the ones who sent me here.\" Rita looked a little confused. \"But Kandi, why are you here?\" she asked. \"You don't even need charm school, you're perfectly fine!\" \"I'm glad you think that way...\" Kandi replied. \"My parents think something is seriously wrong with me, like I have a mental illness of some sort. We never found out what it was though, but it's obvious since I'm a little...you know...off. My parents never saw worth in me. My sister, (other sister mind you, not Bubbles), she was, heh heh, valedictorian at her school when I was just eight years old.\" she giggled but in an annoyed way. \"My parents wanted me to be like her, but, I just couldn't do it. So, at first they thought 'Well, maybe Tayna just got lucky.' But then, Bubbles started growing up. Sure she's girly and fun like me, but she got into sports and getting scholarships at only 10 years old, and winning trophies and medals, and me? Nothing. I am really good at art, but they never appreciated it. That's when they really thought something was wrong with me. It's obvious I'm not social enough, so, they sent me here. To this day, I still don't know why they thought I needed to be here, I guess...maybe they thought it would help my social skills or whatever they told me. I've been here ever since I was 17.\" Rita was stunned, she actually felt a little sympathy for Kandi. \"That...that's just horrible.\" she replied. \"Yeah, but, I got used to this place.\" Kandi replied lighting up just a little bit. \"I guess I know a little bit of how you feel,\" Rita replied. \"I...seem to get angry a little too much. Sometimes I feel like that just made the whole Toad situation worse. But what's even stranger, is that it got worse once Roddy fell down into the sewers. I don't get why.\" \"I thought his name was Millicent.\" Kandi replied. Rita gave her a strange look. \"Really Kandi?!\" she stated. \"Whitey said last night...\" she then stopped herself. She covered her mouth. \"I'm sorry, nevermind.\" she said quickly. Rita started thinking her and Whitey hooked up last night. She already knew that Kandi and Whitey were hanging out though. It was obvious. \"Kandi, I already know about you and Whitey,\" Rita said. Kandi sighed. \"Phew!\" she said. \"That's good. I didn't want to keep it inside of me any longer! So wait, is his name really Roddy or Millicent?\" Rita could've believe Kandi's question. \"You know what? Just call him anything.\" Rita replied annoyed. \"Ok!\" Kandi replied a little too hyper. \"Anyways, maybe since you like Millicent, you get frustrated somehow,\" Kandi replied. \"But, why would he want an angry, agressive girl like me?\" Rita asked. \"Love conquers all,\" Kandi said. Rita looked down. \"Who knows?\" she said. \"Hmm, it seems that everyone here has some internal problem. There's something huge bothering Roddy. His confedience is so low.\" \"Well, maybe, he's really changing.\" Kandi replied. \"When rats are in the process of changing their ways, they have to break their old ones. In my opinion, everything that breaks, hurts. Maybe he's just regrowing his strength from breaking his old ways.\" Rita stared at Kandi for a second. \"Wow, Kandi,\" she replied. \"That was...very intelligent of you to say.\" Rita made it sound like it was almost impossible. \"Yeah...\" Kandi replied. \"Oh my gosh...I actually said something smart!\" she then started lighting up even more and smiled brightly. Rita felt slightly annoyed but smiled at her. Kandi has changed a lot as well. Meanwhile, Roddy was walking down the hall with Connor and Lenny on Roddy's shoulder. \"I almost kissed Rita last night.\" Roddy said. Connor looked at him. \"Really?\" he asked interested. \"Yeah, but her brother interrupted us.\" Roddy continued. \"He was looking for Bubbles and apparently, he said that him and Spike got into it and Bubbles doesn't like either of them now.\" \"Woah, drama.\" Connor replied. \"She told me, that I was her soulmate.\" Roddy said again. Connor was really interested now. \"No way!\" he said. \"That's really deep! She's a keeper.\" \"Yeah, but I think I'm too innocent for her.\" Roddy replied. \"I think that she thinks that she is too aggressive for me too. Maybe it can't be true love.\" \"Roddy, you're talking about true love in Charm School...\" Connor said a little too saracstically. \"This is like a high school! We're a little young don't you think?\" \"I'm 20 years old though...\" Roddy replied. \"So I am I,\" Connor said. \"But we're still kind of young. We still have our whole lives ahead of us! You shouldn't worry about love now!\" \"Easy for you to say,\" Roddy started. \"You have Tiffany to hang out with. I don't even want to know what you two did alone in our room!\" Connor laughed at that. \"The bedroom is perfectly clean, I promise!\" Connor said chuckling a little more. \"That didn't answer my question,\" Roddy replied laughing as well. \"Please stop, you two are making me uncomfortable!\" Lenny remarked. \"And anyways,\" Roddy continued again. \"Rita and I live together. We are always around each other and, we do have a connection. That's why she's always clouding up my mind to see if we're soulmates. I see her everyday.\" \"I'm sorry this has been bothering you man.\" Connor said. \"But, try having some confedience in yourself. It could help.\" \"I try! But everyone still calls me Loverboy. I'm just lucky that we're on Thanksgiving break! My self esteem has gotten even worse! I don't even know if I'm innocent anymore! Everyone keeps judging me!\" \"Roddy, don't let it go to your head.\" Lenny said nearly interrupting. \"Please, I've heard this for almost two months now. Just suck it up! Just date Rita and be confident about it!\" \"It's not that easy Lenny...\" Roddy replied. \"Lenny's right though,\" Connor said. \"Just forget about it. This may be the result of too much over-thinking. Or, that you're just changing from the Charm School effect. You guys are rushed through it in just one little semester, so it may have a bigger effect on you than the rest of us.\" \"It's going to suck when the Charmed Bash comes along Christmas time,\" Roddy said. \"Everyone will then need a date.\" \"Roddy, you have Rita!\" Connor stated. \"What more do you want?! She even told you last night that you were her soulmate!\" \"Well, I think in my heart, that, maybe we're not!\" Roddy said. Connor didn't know what to do anymore. Connor was really getting frustrated with Roddy by now. Lenny has too. Roddy keeps complaining about wanting to be in love with Rita, but never accepts anything. There's nothing that anyone could tell him anymore. His confedience was gone. His strength was gone. His self worth was gone. ","Summary":" Full Summary: Ratstropolis crowned a new Queen of the sewers who is very strict and proper, and who"},{"Movie":"Flushed Away","Title":"Once Upon a Miserable Soul","Author":"Toxic Black Rose","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/3930905","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \"Ten, nine, eight,nseven!...\" the crowd outside was screaming. It was New Years Evenin Ratropolis. Everybody was celebrating… except one couple. Nigelnand Amanda Malone were expecting their first child soon. They were atna party when Amanda started to cramp. She was scared because it wasnher first time going into labor. They were expecting a boy. Nigel wasnglad because he needed somebody to help him on the family boat, the Jammy Dodger . They had a boy's bedroom set up with boy clothesnin a closet, made by Amanda herself. \"Push, Love.\"nNigel encouraged his wife. Amanda was screaming and crying. For anmoment, Nigel thought she was going to die. Amanda's face wasndripping with sweat and her hair became frizzy. \"Six, five fournthree…!\" They could hear thenLondoners yelling. \"Two, one…\" The sound of a babyncrying took over the noise of the people screaming \"Happy NewnYear!\" Amanda slumped back into her bed as her brother Jasper tooknthe baby to clean him up. \"Wow wee, are theynin for a surprise.\" He said washing off the blood. The infant wasnwiggling in his arms, screaming. He wiped a cloth on its pink skinnand wrapped it in a pink blanket. \"Congratulationsnmates!\" he said. \"It's a girl!\" \"A girl?\" saidnAmanda. \"The doctor said it would be a boy.\" \"Well those bloodynhumans have all the good technology to themselves.\" Said Jaspernannoyed. \"Are you disappointed?\" \"Not at all.\" SaidnAmanda. \"She's precious.\" \"And besides… Incan use her help on the boat… that is if she has no interest inndance or anything.\" \"What should we namenit Nigel? We didn't think of girl names.\" \"Well we were goingnto name it Liam.\" \"Well that's anboy's name.\" Amanda waitednimpatiently as she held the child in her arms attempting to calm itndown. The screams outside were bothering her. \"Well let's see.nThere's Maria, Laura, Taylor, Rita, Maggie…\" \"Stop.\" SaidnAmanda. \"How does Rita sound?\" \"Rita ElizabethnMalone… sounds beautiful. Cant wait to see her with fur.\" \"I can't wait fornher to open her eyes.\" It was worth the wait.nNigel and Amanda loved Rita with all their hearts. Three months pastnand Rita opened her eyes for the first time. Months later, shenstarted growing fur. It was the same color as everyone else's. Thenhair on her head was exactly the same as her mothers, a flaming redntone. Over the years, they watched the child grow, as they had morenchildren. Rita was depressed whenever she saw her dad leave. Afternseeing him on that boat she knew what she wanted to do. Follow hernfather in his paw prints. Five years later, she knew how to steer andncould climb a wall using a bungee cord. But they weren'tncompletely happy. They lived in a shack and barley had anything toneat. By the time Rita was eight, children were complaining fromnstarvation. All they had was soup and tea, and they only had one bowlnto put it all in. At occasions, Rita would find a tadpole and feastnon that. But now that things got really horrible, she and her fathernhad to go dangerous places to find food. Tadpoles were barely seen innthe sewer and the slugs were her friends. At occasions, she's findncoins from Up Top abandoned and would spend it on food. But shenhardly found anything. One day, she had anreal crazy idea. She thought about telling her dad, but was afraidnhe'd get mad. There were three kingdoms near Ratropolis; ThenEvergreen Kingdom, Le Toads Estate, and the one that ruled overall,nthe St. James Palace. Her idea was to rob Le Toads Castle. He was thenlord of the sewers as people thought of him. He was an evil dictator,ncompeting with King August of the St. James Palace trying to make hisnlaws more official. He wanted all the power, not just a share of it. Nigel thought it was ancrazy idea, but he agreed to help her. It was very illegal to robnroyalty but they had no other choice. \"Now remember what Intold you, Love.\" Said Nigel. They ran to the left side of thencastle and used a bungee cord to climb up the stone walls. \"If younget caught, get out. They won't hesitate to harm a young child.\"nHe gave her a sack of fake money and jewels. They peeked through anwindow. That was the room; the vault. It was blazing with diamonds,nrubies, emeralds and sapphires. Gold coins were stacked on top of onenanother. Rita and Nigel climbed through the window. There was angigantic bald rat sleeping on the job. \"Let's hurryndear.\" Said Nigel. Rita slowly rushed as she replaced real jewelsnwith phonies. Le Toad would eventually find out, but at least henwouldn't know it was them. Nigel handled the coins as Rita creptnaround to see one ruby that stood out from the rest. It was a truencrafted jewel. She walked up to it. It was displayed on a bluenflashlight with a glass protector. She removed it, cracked hernknuckles and spit on her hands. Suddenly, the alarmnwent off. Red lights were flashing and Rita felt something squeezingnher chest. \"Wat are you doinnere little girl?\" the guard asked. \"Get off me you pinkneyed freak!\" Nigel went up and hitnthe guard with the lamp on the dresser. \"Keep your paws offnmy daughter!\" he ordered. The guard went over tonthe phone on the wall, the child still in his grasp. \"This is Whiteynreporting from the vault. We have thieves.\" Rita bit him in thenwrist, ripping off a chunk of his skin. If he didn't release her,nshe'd have to eat him alive. He loosened his grip and she pullednherself away. \"Let's go Rita!\"nHer father urged her. \"Stop right there!\"nsaid Whitey. \"I might be albino but I'm not letting you get away.nDid you poor people know it's against the law to rob royalty?\" \"Did you know thatnsome people don't have money?\" Rita snapped. \"It's because ofnyour no good, untrustworthy—\" \"What did you saynabout me young lady?\" An enormous toad,ndressed in the finest of silk robes came stepping in, an underweightnrodent woman behind him. \"Nothing.\" \"Actually boss, shencalled you a no good untrustworthy and then you came in.\" saidnWhitey. \"Should I kill her?\" \"I believe it wasnher father's idea to talk her into sealing from me.\" \"What?\" Ritansneered. \"I demand him to benbeheaded.\" Right as Whitey wasnabout to take Nigel away, Rita screamed. \"Keep your paws offnmy dad! It was my idea to steal not his!\" \"Hm, brave of you tonlie to save him.\" \"I'm not lyingnfatso!\" she snapped. \"It was my idea. It's me you shouldnpunish.\" \"I can't harm anchild now.\" Said the Toad. \"Now can I?\" \"But she's tellingnthe truth sir… uh… at least I think… she tried to take yournruby.\" She could see what wasnin the toads mind. It was as if his brain was a whistling teapot. Hisngreen skin became red.\" \"WHAT!\" he boomed.n\"THAT'S IT! SHES MINE!\" Nigel ran over to hisndaughter and put his arms around her defensively. \"Now you just waitnhere! Nobody harms my child.\" \"You have a choicensir.\" Said Le Toad. \"For breaking into my beautiful kingdom…\" \"Beautiful?\" Ritansnapped. \"This place needs a makeover!\" Ignoring the child'sninsult, the toad continued. \"Either you can benexecuted, or I take your child away.\" \"How long?\" Ritanasked. \"Hush!\" he fathernyelled. \"You're not going anywhere.\" \"Well either shenstays here or you lose your head. If she were to work for me, I'dnhave to release her in ten years or when she becomes of age.\" Rita didn't want tongo through either choice. Her heart raced as the toad went on withnher dad about the decisions. Moments later, she passed out on thenground. \"What will it be?\"nthe Toad croaked. \"When she wakes up,nI'll let her decide.\" \"If she wakes up.\"nHe snickered. They watched as Mr.nMalone was trying to wake her up. A few minutes later, she got up.nShe was ok. \"Dad, I have to staynhere.\" She said. \"Is there a salary involved? Because we reallynneed money.\" \"Ten pounds anmonth.\" \"Ten pounds!\" Mr.nMalone burst. \"That won't even feed a baby!\" \"But it's worthnworking for when your eight years old.\" The Toad grinned. \"So,nyoung lady, what is your decision? Do you want to say good byenforever to your father and be freed? Or will you stay here and worknfor ten years?\" \"I'll work here…\"nTears were beginning to well up in her eyes. \"Just don't hurtnhim…\" She fell on the floornand began to sob. \"You may go now.\" \"Not so fast!\"nNigel snapped. \"I'm taking her to her room and saying goodbye.\" \"There's an emptynbedroom on the highest room in the tallest tower. She will sleepnthere.\" Nigel picked up Ritanand carried her upstairs. He got lost a few times but finally madenit. \"This is it?\" henasked disgusted. There was a small bed, for an American Girl dollnwith a thin white blanket. There was a bathtub in the corner but noncurtain. It didn't have any handles. There was a shattered mirrornon the wall and a small box for all her clothes. He placed her downnon the bed. \"Are you sure younwant to do this?\" \"I wish I didn'tnhave too.\" She sniffed. \"But I have no other choice. Dictatorsnnever joke when they say things like that. I will see you again.\" \"Write to meneveryday love.\" \"I will.\" When he left, shenspent the entire day sobbing. Le Toad wouldn't give her a chance tongo home and say goodbye to everybody. Three hours later, a knock wasnheard on the door. \"Go away!\" The door opened. Itnwas the woman who was previously standing next to her master. Ritanthought she was going to be rude and tell her what to do and thenconsequences. \"You poor thing…\" \"Get out of here!\"nRita snapped as she got off the bed. She could be a threat to adultsnsometimes. The only reason why she refused to threaten Le Toad isnbecause he was a dictator. \"Get back or I'll kill you!\" \"Relax; I'm notnhere to harm you!\" \"I don't care whynyou're here, just leave!\" \"If you would justnlisten to me for a second, I'm here to help you!\" \"I don't need anynof your help! Nothing you can try will take back what just happened!\"nAs the violent child few people knew she was, she attacked. The womannpicked her up by the waist. \"Now there's nonneed to get upset to your personal teacher. I'm in charge ofnteaching you haw to work here.\" \"Put me down!\" \"Any questions?\" \"How much spare timenwill I get?\" \"Two hours a day.nYou will work eight hours now and as you get older, the number ofnwork hours is the same as your age. I brought you food.\" Rita received twonpopcorn kernels. \"What is this?\"nshe asked. \"Popcorn. Humans eatnthese at movies all the time. This is the last thing you'll eat fornten years.\" \"Then how will Inlive?\" \"We take food pills.nThey fill up your stomach and help you concentrate.\" \"That soundsnunhealthy.\" \"My names Maria.nI've been working for Le Toad since I was your age.\" \"You mean you spentnmost of your life following orders? What about the ten year rule?\" \"That's just forncertain people.\" She explained. \"Do you like books?\" \"I love reading.\" \"Well fortunately wenhave a library and there are a few books in here as well.\" SaidnMaria. \"Right in that corner.\" Rita walked over andnlooked at all the books. One was a book on boats and engines. Anothernone was a fairy tale book. Then there was a very thick one at thenbottom of the stack with a lock over it. \"Maria, what is Pan's Labyrinth ?\" \"That's an adultnnovel, which explains the lock. It's a fairy tale for adults, younwouldn't like it.\" \"I read engine booksnand math books. Why can't I read this?\" \"It's veryngruesome. Please, get in bed and get some sleep. Would you like me tonread you a story?\" Rita was too old fornbedtime stories but she wanted to see what was in the fairy talenbook. \"Sure.\" \"They don'tnprovide sleepwear for us. You'll have to sleep in your underwear.\" \"What?\" \"I know it'sncrazy. But it's what goes.\" Rita removed her pants and shirt andncrawled into the bed. It was more uncomfortable than the one back atnhome because there was no mattress. \"How am I supposednto sleep?\" \"I'll get you ansponge to sleep on. Their very soft.\" Rita knew right away,nthat she and Maria were going to be the best of friends… at leastnwhile she was away from the Dodger . She didn't get any sleepnthat night. It was freezing, and she was lonesome, homesick for hernloved ones. She was glad to have Maria because she was one of thenlucky people who could calm her down when she was angry and she wasnlike a mother. The years passed. It was upsetting because her parentsndidn't get to see her mature into a woman. Rita grew up to be anbeautiful talented person. She could cook, sew, sing and was verynsmart. The fairy tales encouraged her to stay positive. When she was seventeennand eleven months old, she began to think about her life of freedomnand what she was going to do. When the clock strikes midnight on NewnYear's Eve, she'd forever be free.[Chapter 2] Warning:nThis chapter contains spoilers from the movie PansnLabyrinth .nAlso, this story is due by Christmas meaning more chapters will bencoming soon. Please submit one review per chapter. BignBen chimed outside, waking up everybody. It was time for the servantsnto get up and prepare breakfast. Every morning, Rita would getndressed and use Ultra Prince Brand hairspray to keep grease and suchnout of her hair. She loved it because in addition, it made her hairnshiny. Rita went down the hallsnto collect room service breakfast orders. Most of Le Toad's kidsnwere too lazy to get up and eat it in the dining room. She had atnlease fifty door hangers in her paw with a lot of food asked for onneach one. She didn't count or look at the orders because she wasndaydreaming as she was working. \"Ten years… it goesnso quick now since Rita came.\" Said the chef, Remy as he wasnpreparing a fly omelet. \"I agree.\" SaidnMercedes. \"And to mention how much she's grown. It onlynseems like yesterday she was a little girl in my arms.\" \"And she's becomenbeautiful.\" Said Maria. \"More beautiful than Princess Sharpay.\" \"Is Prince Rodericknstill dating her?\" \"I bet he's going tonpurpose soon. So, how's the baby doing?\" Mercedes looked at hernstomach and rubbed the bump over it. \"It's great. I justnhope the child's healthy.\" Rita and Laura camenwalking in, giggling. Rita placed all the room service orders on thencounter top and turned on the TV to the news. Laura sat next to hernas they waited for orders to finish. When the first one was done,nRita was sent to deliver it. Rita'snusual schedule was to deliver breakfast orders, sew clothes for LenToad's children and prepare lunch. Later, she'd leave the castlenwith a jar to collect flies for dinner, and then she'd serve them.nAs a child, she cleaned the floors and wiped the windows. Now, shenhad much more interesting jobs. Thenworkers intended to be tired in the morning and Le Toad wanted tonknow why. Late at night, when everybody was asleep, they'd gondownstairs into a hidden soundproof room when they played music,ndrank, danced, told jokes and smoked. It was the only time of the daynthey ever had fun. Onennight, there was rock music playing and people playing pool. Remy andnthe other chefs were gambling. Everywhere they went, they inhaledncigarette smoke. Rita was sitting at a table with Laura having annenergy drink. \"SonRita, what are you going to do when you get out?\" \"Ohnthat's a hard one. For one thing, my father and I are going to thenfamous drains of Europe on our boat. Were going to France, Italy,nWhales, every European country.\" \"Hownare you gonna pay for it?\" \"Wenalways thing of something. So Christmas is coming. Think the St.nJames' will have another ball?\" \"Defiantly.nAnother party, another rejection from Le Toad to go.\" \"Whatnis his problem? He never let's us have any fun, if he discoversnthis room we'll all lose our tails, he's on a diet but is eatingncontinually, and his lead hitman is the smallest sixteen year oldnI've ever met and he thinks he's so evil.\" \"LenToad should fire the creep. He's just gonna get nailed.\" \"IfnWhitey wasn't so dumb, Le Toad would put him in charge.\" \"Inthink he had a shampoo job Up Top. He has no fur at all and he isndumber than a slug.\" \"Andnhis eyes are pink!\" \"Insay Le Toad should fire all of them. They don't even do anything,nand they get to attend the ball every year.\" \"Whyndoesn't he just give us a break? I mean, he doesn't give us thenright food. A food pill? Jesus Christ! Those make me sick.\" SaidnRita. \"I threw up from seventy five percent of the pills and I'mnunderweight. I need to eat something.\" \"Onenmore week my friend.\" \"Seems like nothingncompared to the number of years I've been here. A mouse can onlynlive so long.\" \"UpnTop mice only live two years.\" Said Maria. \"Wellnthat's no life.\" Said Rita. \"Besides, every time my parentsnhave another child I sneak out to see them. I think I have thirtynseven now.\" \"Thirtynseven? And to think King August only has two!\" BeforenRita could respond, Maria ran on stage and screamed, \"It'snkaraoke time!\" Thenservants cheered and raised their beer mugs. \"Ritanhow about you come up here and give us one last show before younleave!\" Rita shook her head.nBut everybody insisted on it. She got off the stool and walked ontonthe stage. \"Alright, but afternthis were singing the Beer Song!\" Everyone laughed. Maria picked out ansong. Rita had a great voice. She could be famous but she didn'tnwant to be a singer. She sang \"Because of You\". The band came outnwith all their instruments. Remy brought out his harmonica, Joenpulled out his banjo and Luke got his drums. They began to play thenBeer Song. Everyone got up and danced along, getting on the tablesnand kicking their legs high in the air. \"Doesn't thisnremind you of Spamlot?\" Laura asked. \"Yes, it does! Werenknights of the round table!\" Rita cracked up. \"Ompa!\" Remynyelled. They all did the Greek dance. Rita fell off the table and gotnback up laughing. She was excited tonleave, but she'd miss the secret parties where all her friends wentncrazy. All the dances… those people taught her so much and shenowed them so much in return. All she could do was teach them how tonfix machines. At three in thenmorning, Rita went to her room. She took off her clothes and settledninto bed. Her pillow was rough. She got up and shook it. Somethingnfell out. She lit a candle to see it was a key. It had a picture of anfairy on the top; Very similar to the fairy on the Pans Labyrinth fairy tale book. She got the book and fit the key through the lock.nThe moment she turned it, the book opened, with so much to show her. Pans Labyrinth was a novel that took place in the forties in Spain during World WarnII. An army captain's stepdaughter moves into the country with hernsick, pregnant mother to live with him. One night, she meets a fairynand it takes her to the labyrinth where she met a fawn. He told hernabout a princess from an underground realm who died from sun andnclaimed she'd return in a different body. Ophelia is set on threenquests to prove herself worthy… three very dangerous tasks and morenthe deal with. Rita spent three hoursnreading, looking at the detailed pictures. In most fairy tales, thenmain character lives. However, Ofelia passed away when her stepfathernshot her. But she found herself in the realm with a new life as anprincess. It was a happy ending after all. Maria was right beforenabout the images. She warned Rita that they were gruesome sometimesnbut they didn't really disgust her. It was a wonderful story; hernfavorite tied with Cinderella and Sleeping Beauty . She got no sleep thatnnight.[Chapter 3] As she was changing,nSpike barged into Rita's room. \"You're late!\" \"Get out of here younlab reject!\" she snapped. She pushed him out and slammed the door. \"Here ye, here ye!\"nshe looked out the window and saw a small man nicely dressed with ancase. \"Invitations to the St. James ball!\" Rita ran down thenstairs to answer the door. \"I'll take those.\"nShe said. \"Thank you.\" \"Good day mam.\" She set the case down.nAll the kids crowded around her. She could barely move. \"Ok, be quiet!\"nshe screamed. They silenced. She smirked and said, \"Back up. I willncall your name. Gabriella!\" The young Princessnapproached her. She pushed her siblings out of the way. \"Don't shove.\"nRita growled. Gabby snatched the envelope. \"Come back herenyoung lady! We'll try this again!\" Rita snatched thenenvelope back. \"Now take it again.nSnatch it and I won't give it to you. Understand?\" Gabby in fear noddednand took the envelope slowly. She looked like she was about to cry. \"Charles…\" Charles, the oldestnwent up. He was one of the three siblings that weren't afraid ofnher. \"Ri—Oh.\" She wasngoing to put the next one in her bra but it was snatched. She turnednand saw Le Toad. \"Give that back!\" she snapped. \"You're a servant.nYou are not worthy.\" He ripped it in half. \"You know, the leastnyou can do is give me a break! You won't feed us and you won'tnlet us have any breaks!\" \"Well I have a jobnfor you to get it off your mind. When all the invitations are given,nyou will take my lovely daughters to the seamstress so they can pickna gown.\" \"Screw him…\" shenmumbled. Rita was the only servant that had the courage to talk backnto her master. He told her what the punishments were; lose a hand,nfoot or tail. She knew a few of her friends had no tails. When Rita finished, shentook the keys to the pink limo boat and called the girls. Shencouldn't believe that these girls had a boat so ugly. Even the hornnmade girly sounds. She didn't want to drive it. When they gotnseated, Rita started the engine. It sounded like bubblegum pop music.nGood thing the sewer water would freeze eventually and she wouldn'tnhave to set foot in it again. The drive to town wasnthirty minutes long. Rita loved going into town. There was a likelynchance she'd see a friend or a relative. Rita parked and escortednthe ladies to the seamstress shop. \"Le Toad…\" she thought. She stayed outside in the chill and thought. \"Hencares about nothing but trying to get all the power… I work so hardnand I don't get a single break… oh well… who needs to go to anstupid formal ball? I don't even waltz!\" She looked out thenwindow to see the girls watching their dresses being made. It wouldntake a while so she thought she'd take a walk. She didn't noticenthe spilled milk on the ground and slipped. The girls waiting tonorder their dresses were cracking up. \"Are you alright?\"nit sounded like a man. The voice was rich. He offered her his paw andnshe accepted it. She dusted off her pants. When she looked up shenalmost screamed. It was Prince Roderick! \"I'm f-fine. Nonoffence but what are you doing here? I thought your dad forbids younto be here.\" \"He doesn't.\"nSaid Roddy. \"But I always come here for a good meal. It get'snreally boring sometimes being pampered and rich all the time.\" Prince Roddy didn'tnlook like a prince; he was wearing a leather jacket and a pair ofnjeans. He was charming, unlike other guys Rita met. Roddy danced on anshow with a bunch of other rich kids. all of them wore Ultra Princenhairspray. She noticed he didn't have any in his hair at thenmoment. She couldn't speak. He put his paw on her shoulder to wakenher. It worked. Rita woke up from her daze. She was a little sad butngave him a smile. \"Where's yournjacket?\" Roddy asked. \"It's freezing.\" \"I know… I can'tnafford one.\" \"Why not?\" \"I'm a servant ofnLe Toad. He doesn't provide me with anything.\" \"Well that's notnfair.\" Said Roddy. \"That mans been trying to steal our power fornyears.\" \"I know that.\"nSaid Rita. \"It would be a dystopia if he ruled. All rodents wouldnbe slaves.\" Some of the girlsnwalked out. \"Girls! Girls! It'snRoddy! It's the Prince!\" she was simply screaming. Rita rolled her eyes.nShe was glad she wasn't like them. Roddy looked at thengirl facing him. She made his girlfriend look like a cockroach. Henthought she was pretty and felt sorry for her. \"Half the dressesnare done. Load them servant!\" \"Ask nicely andnmaybe I will.\" She sneered. \"Hi Roddy.\" Saidnthe girl. \"Be nice to her, shenworks very hard.\" Said Roddy. \"Rita, will youncarry the boxes to the bus?\" \"Why I'd bendelighted to.\" Said Rita. \"See how that works?\" She saidngoodbye to Roddy. She sure had a story to tell when she got back. Toonbad she'd never see him again. \"You're lying!\"nsaid Laura. \"No, I actually metnhim. He's so nice.\" \"Prove it.\" \"Ask any of thengirls. They saw me with him.\" \"Their going to denynit.\" \"Laura, I alwaysntell you the truth. Why don't you believe me now?\" \"It's just hard tonimagine a Prince walking in the town. I thought he had servants tonget his groceries!\" Rita giggled. \"He wasn'tnshopping but I guess that was the case.\" Maria knocked on thendoor to Le Toads chamber. He gave her permission to enter. \"We need to talk.\"nShe said. \"Maria, what exactlynis there to talk about? We've discussed everything imaginable.\"nHe stopped reading and removed his golden spectacles. \"This is different.nMay I?\" \"Please.\" Maria sat down acrossnfrom him. The room was the warmest in the entire castle. Le Toadnslept in a gigantic Union Jack bed that Rita would probably wish for.nOne of his walls was completely made out of mirrors. It was thenlargest mirror in the city. On other walls wee portraits of himselfnand the English monarchies from Up Top. His fireplace was across fromnhis bed and there was a shelf filled with scrapbooks and classicnnovels. Expensive furniture surrounded the environment. \"Well what's thisnall about then?\" \"It's about Rita.\" \"Rita?\" henrepeated in his famous annoyed tone. \"What about Rita?\" \"Well the St. JamesnBall is coming…\" \"I told her shencouldn't go!\" he snapped. \"She is not worthy and neither isnyour daughter!\" \"Will you pleasentake two minutes to listen to me? Rita has been working so hard. Shenhasn't disobeyed a single order. She disserves this more thannanything.\" \"She's not even anlady. Besides, who would she go with?\" \"Well…\" \"Another reason; shenhas no friends that are attending!\" \"Why does thatnmatter? Please sir. She needs this. She didn't ask me to come innhere but I heard her talking to Laura saying she wanted to go thisnyear.\" \"Since when did shencare about formal parties?\" \"What does that havento do with what I'm asking?\" Maria asked. \"I think it's angreat opportunity for her to meet new people. Why should themenmatter?\" Le Toad sighed. Thenwoman wasn't going to give up. \"Fine.\" He said.n\"She can go.\" \"Thank you yournHighness.\" \"But…\" he stillnwasn't done. \"I can still change my mind.\" Just then, hengrinned.[Chapter 4] The next morning, LenToad called for Rita. She entered his chamber. \"Maria and I werentalking.\" He lit his cigar and placed it in his mouth. \"You're alwaysntalking.\" Rita stated. \"She said you reallynwant to go to the St. James Ball. Why?\" he released a puff of smokenin Rita's face. \"Because I want tonmeet new people.\" She said waving the smoke out of her direction.n\"You really should quit that.\" \"Ah… anyway I tookntime to think it over. And I think you should go.\" \"I beg your pardon?nAre you sick? Let me get you a cold pill.\" He chuckled. \"Inreally mean it.\" He said. \"But there's a catch… you must worknextra hard. When I give you a command, do it immediately. And I'mnnot responsible for getting you a dress. That is your problem.\" \"Thank you sir.\"nShe left. \"Wait! Did I dismissnyou?\" \"No.\" \"Don't be immaturenyoung lady. Things can be a lot worse. You could be up top in anlaboratory suffering with a vaccine in your body. Now, take the boysnto the seamstress for a fitting and make sure they get some finensuits. You and I will be talking on the phone. I need to approve ofnwhat their wearing.\" \"Where did you get ancell phone this small?\" Rita asked, surprised to see that it fit innher hand. \"I'm rich. I haveneverything.\" He said. \"I'll be watching the whole time, so staynon task.\" \"Yes sir.\" After he finallyndismissed her, she found all the boys and told them to come with her.nAs she drove a regular boat this time, she made her way back to town. \"Now why does henwant to approve of what his sons are wearing?\" she asked herself.n\"It's both he should be watching. The girls more than the men.\" It was the same as thengirls, only she was in the shop the whole time. As the men werenfitting she showed Le Toad who was on the screen of the phone whatnthey wanted. Two hours passed. \"Alright Rita. It'snfinished. Head back to the boat now.\" As Rita was walkingnback to start the boat, she continued to speak with her master. \"I'll be in andnout with the suits.\" She said. \"I'm just starting the engine tonmake sure it's not frozen.\" The screen went blank. Rita walked intonsomething soft but felt something hot splatter all over her chest.nShe was humiliated as the Toad boys laughed. She had vanilla lattenall over her only sweater. \"Oh goodness, RitanI'm so sorry.\" The culprit was thenPrince. She never believed that they'd meet up again, but here theynwere. \"It's fine.\" Shensaid in a black tone. \"I'm used to it.\" She turned away to picknup orders. \"Stop. What do younmean?\" \"Why would youncare?\" Rita bolted. \"I have coffee all over my only sweater, richnkids are laughing at me and I don't have anything to wear for thenball.\" \"You're going?\" \"Yes. But I don'tnfind it possible now!\" She walked into thenshop and walked out with five boxes. When she returned, Roddy blockednthe door. \"Excuse me.\" Shensneered. \"You know, all thendancers on the show I'm on have a private seamstress. Maybe I canntake you in for a fitting.\" \"And why would youndo that?\" Rita questioned. She crossed her arms to warm her coldnchest. \"Well because I feelnsorry for you.\" \"Why? Don't younfeel bad for the servants at your place?\" \"No.\" said Roddy.n\"Their respected and treated with care.\" \"Well I'm not.\" \"That's why I wantnto help you.\" Rita was verynsurprised. Who knew a prince would feel sorry for her? It seemed sonridiculous. Prince Roddy part time danced on his sister's show. Butnwhen he wasn't, he took care of poor, sick and old people. He'dnsing to orphans and visit dying people in the hospital. He didn'tnimagine Le Toad being so careless. He only saw him once at the ballnevery year. \"Look,\" saidnRoddy. \"I want to help.\" \"Well you cannleave.\" Roddy put both handsnon her shoulders. \"I'm sorry aboutnthe coffee stain. I wasn't watching where I was going. And I thinknit's great that Le Toad gave you permission to attend my dad'snparty. How about you and I have some dinner and then I'll take younto the seamstress for the gown you dreamed about. Meet me at thenbakery at eight?\" Rita was pretty angrynbut he wouldn't stop. She nodded, even though she had plans. \"Fine. I'll seenyou there.\" \"See you laterndarling.\" He winked at her before he left. She went inside thenshop, feeling her pulse skip a couple of beats. Another knock wasnheard in Le Toad's chamber. \"It's Whitey sir.\" \"Proceed.\" The giant albino ratnwalked in. \"I want you ask youna favor.\" Said Whitey. Le Toad looked up fromnhis War and Peace novel. \"You asking me anfavor? I believe you forgot that I'm the dictator here.\" \"It's about Rita.\" \"Good God!\" LenToad burst. \"I heard enough of her! What are going to tell me? Hernvoice is perfect? Don't you remind me of how 'brilliant'neveryone thinks of her. I heard enough!\" \"I want to marrynher.\" Le Toad's mind wentnoff. \"Your thinkingnmarriage eh? Well isn't that the fathers decision?\" \"She's still yournproperty.\" Whitey reminded him. \"So I came to ask you.\" \"What do I think ofnRita and you? I don't see a connection.\" Whitey's headndropped in disappointment. \"I'll make you andeal.\" Said Le Toad. \"If you can tell me why the servants arentired when they work, you can have her hand. Remember, you have untilnNew Years. Don't waste anytime.\" \"I'm on it!nDetective Whitey at your service!\" \"Good. Now get out.\" Whitey bowed to hisnmaster. As he was walking into his bedroom, Rita was sneaking in thendark avoiding as many toads as possible. There was a gigantic hole innthe palace wall that Le Toad was too lazy to get fixed. It was in annabandoned closet. She hopped the fence and walked across the bridge.nAll the water was frozen. Rats and Toad's were using sleighs to getnaround. Ferrets pulled them around. Rita went straight to the bakery.nShe saw a man leaning on the wall reading a jewelry catalog. \"Diamonds fornSharpay?\" Roddy closed the book. \"Glad that you couldncome.\" He said. \"Let's eat.\" Rita thought he wasngoing to take her inside his father's castle for a feast, butninstead he brought her to Pete's Diner, a cheap, quick place withngreat quality. Roddy got a burger and Rita got soup. She never had itnserved hot before. She burned her tongue the moment she had her firstnspoonful. She spit it out into the bowl and drank form her hotnchocolate. \"Are you alright?\"nRoddy asked. Rita nodded. \"Never had soup hotnbefore.\" She explained. \"The reason why I work for Le Toad is sonmy family can have food.\" \"I'm sorry to hearnthat.\" \"It's fine.nNobody's dead yet. I'm excited because Le Toad is letting me gonafter New Years.\" \"Going on eighteen?\" \"I was actually bornnon the stroke of midnight.\" \"So basically whenneveryone yells 'Happy New Year' you get older? That's prettyncool.\" \"Exactly.\" She atenher soup. This time is was fine enough to eat. Rita never hadnvegetable soup with snake in it and she really enjoyed it. \"So Inhave a question. I hope it don't offends you. I shouldn't ask.\" \"Go right ahead.\" \"This might be thenmillionth time you heard this…\" \"You can tell me.\" \"What attracts younto Sharpay?\" Roddy sighed. \"Are you jealous?\" \"No.\" said Rita.n\"I just heard from a friend that you may purpose to her and a lotnof the girls I work for tell me she's really rude to them.\" \"Well, she can benrude sometimes.\" Said Roddy. \"I know my sister and mother don'tnlike her too much. They keep telling me that she's loves my money,nnot me.\" \"They may be right.nMaybe, maybe not. Believe me, I dealt with girl's like the way youndescribed her. They want to marry rich guys only for their money. Onenof them, Taylor married a senior and she's fourteen, for his money.nWhen he die's its going to be hers.\" \"That's a littlencreepy.\" \"Listen, I didn'tnwant to upset you. I don't like you like other girls too. I likenyou as a friend.\" Under Roddy's skinnwere sad thoughts. 'Just friends' was the one term he hated. Bynevery second, he felt stranger all because of that girl. As they walked downnthe street, choirs were singing, children were giggling and lots ofnshops were passing out free candy. For a second she was worried thatnLe Toad noticed she was gone. As the two were walking, she heard andeep voice say to an old man, \"Have you seen a red head wearingnUnion Jack pants and an aqua sweater?\" \"Oh my God.\" Ritanmumbled. \"He found out!\" Rita began to run.nRoddy chased her into a tight corner of two buildings. \"Why are younhiding?\" \"It's Ted. Le Toadnmust have found out that I'm gone.\" Ted turned the corner.nRita took the bungee cord out of her pocket and swing it on a hooknattached to the roof. \"Excuse me sir,\"nsaid Ted. \"Have you seen a red head around here without a coat?\" \"Me?\" Roddy asked.n\"No. I'm sorry but I never saw her.\" \"Have a lovely daynyour highness.\" Ted bowed and left. Roddy rolled his eyes. \"Rita it's ok! Youncan come down now!\" Rita pressed then'lower' button but it wasn't working. She tried several timesnto safely get herself to the ground. At another attempt she pressednthe 'release' button on accident. She fell off the roof. Roddynwas surprised to hear no scream come out of her. She thought she'dnhit the ice coat below but a pair of arms saved her. She took a deepnbreath. \"Why didn't younscream?\" \"If I screamed,npeople would hear and they'd see me. And then I'd lose my tail.\"nShe explained. She stood up. \"How much farther?\" \"Not too far. Let'snget a sleigh. We'll be there in five minutes tops. Are younalright.\" \"Of corse. I'venbeen doing that for years.\" Rita bragged. They walked to the frozennwater. Impatient, Rita put her fingers in her mouth and whistled. Ansleigh pulled over and they got on. \"Where to?\" \"Home.\" SaidnRoddy. The driver recognized him and nodded. The black ferrets pullednthe Barbie doll sleigh effortlessly. Minutes later, they pulled innfront of the St. James Palace. Rita never saw it before, but shendidn't believe her eyes. It's was absolutely gorgeous. In thencenter front stood a marble fountain of Poseidon. The walls were anglowing white with golden roofs and gates. The surface was completelynclean without a single wrapper or piece of garbage. The towers werenamazing with their countries flags on top. It was very unlike the onenshe was forced to sleep in \"I can't believenyou live here.\" \"I'd rater have annapartment actually.\" Roddy confessed. \"It's too much for us tonhandle.\" \"What do you mean?\" \"My sister and I. Wendon't like what our parents do, so it's hard to get along withnthem. We have to go around through the back.\" Roddy escorted her tonthe back. He used his fathers master key that he stole to unlock thendoor. The first room they walked in was the freezer. They quicklynmade their way out through the kitchen and into the elevator. \"May I ask younsomething?\" Rita asked. \"Of corse.\" \"Why are you doingnthis?\" \"As in what?\" \"Taking me to dinnernand helping me get a dress for the ball. I mean, I only met yountwice.\" Roddy was silent for anmoment. \"I not sure. Maybenthere's something about you that I like that I don't see in othernwomen. But still, I'm not sure.\" The elevator stopped. Theynwalked on a silk rug to a room at the end of the hall. \"Tasmin?\" They went inside. Itnwas a room full of sewing supplies and machines. On hangers were anbunch of beautiful gowns hung on them wrapped in plastic. \"Are you too busy?\"nRoddy asked. \"Because I have a friend here who needs a dress.\" \"Does your friendnhave any money?\" \"Well you see I cantnaf—\" \"I'm paying fornit. It'll be an extra fifty pounds if you keep this quiet.\" SaidnRoddy. \"So don't worry. Tasmin this is Rita, a new friend ofnmine. Rita, Tasmin is the seamstress.\" \"Making friends onnthe street are you? I'll see what I can do.\" \"I'll leave yountwo alone.\" Said Roddy. Rita thought Tasmin would mistreat her. Butnshe observed Rita looked at her hair color, her eyes and face. \"Nice eyes, angorgeous face… your hair needs treatment though. Well that's notnmy job. Since the event is a Holiday, I highly prefer a holiday colornlike gold, silver, red, green, white and black.\" \"I'd like a redndress.\" \"Yes, I thought it'dnbe your color. Now let's think of a style. Do you have one in mindnor do you need to see the book?\" \"I'm not sure.\"nSaid Rita. \"I'm not an expert at clothes. You're an expert.nWhat would you prefer?\" Roddy arrived into thenrehearsal room, where he and the other rich kids practiced all theirndance routines. Sharpay was at her vanity mirror, spraying hernglittery golden hair. \"Sharpay?\" She turned around. \"Roddy Bear! Inthought you weren't coming. Where were you?\" she gave him a longnkiss on the lips. \"We need to talk.\"nSaid Roddy. Maggie, his sister was sitting on her desk on the set andnlistened. \"Please dump her.\"nShe prayed. Roddy and Sharpaynwalked upstairs to his room. It wasn't like a regular princes room;nthe walls were covered with autographed posters and the TV was on ancounted beside the bed whether than on the wall in front. His bed wasnmessy with green bed sheets and no canopy. \"Is somethingnwrong?\" she asked concerned. \"Actually yes, therenis a problem. It's us.\" He sat on his bed and Sharpay stood innfront of him. \"I'm going to get straight to the point.\" \"Are you breaking upnwith me?\" \"Well, yes I amnactually.\" \"What!\" Her expression changednin seconds. \"Why?\" shenchoaked. \"Well, I just have anfeeling that were not meant for each other. That's all. We need tonsee different people. Can we be friends?\" Sharpay took off hernsilver pump and threw it at him. \"Alright, maybe notnclose friends.\" \"Roderick Paul St.nJames, when your father finds out-\" \"He doesn'tndetermine what I care about.\" \"Well good lucknfinding a new partner!\" Sharpay stormed out.nIt didn't go as well as he thought it would. Sharpay always lookedntimid and shy. But at least he was finally free. No more Sharpay. Thenthought of that made him smile. \"Turn around.\" SaidnTasmin. Rita stood on a platform facing a large mirror. Her straplessnred gown fit her perfectly. She took time to admire herself as thenseamstress made adjustments to the gown. The silk of the fabric wasnthe finest in the world and the skirt bellowed out beautifully. Ritanwould look more gorgeous if she curled her hair and put on a littlenperfume. When Roddy came in to check on them, Rita gave him a hugenhug, still in her dress. \"Red hair. Red dress.nVery nice.\" He complemented. \"I'll se you on Christmas Eventhen.\" \"I'll be there.\"[Chapter 5] When Rita awoke thennext morning, she felt sick. The next day would be Christmas Day butnit wasn't as exciting for her as it was for other teens. They gotnpresents when she on the other hand got a worthless meal. The thoughtnof being dressed like a lady in public didn't please her. Shenpeeked out the window and threw up. \"Hey!\" Rita looked down innshock. Spike had vomit on his head. Rita was laughing until shenrealized she was in her Union Jack lingerie. She stepped back tondress. \"Good news.\" SaidnRemy. \"The toads are so overexcited so not many ordered breakfast.\" Rita and the othersnwere satisfied. They probably wouldn't have to do as much work asnusual. \"So Rita, I heard LenToad's letting you go.\" Said Mercedes. \"Not like him.\" \"Not at all.\" Ritanagreed. \"But Maria talked him into it.\" \"But he hates you.\"nSaid Laura. \"Laura!\" Hernmother burst. \"It's ok Maria. Inknew that since the day we first met.\" \"What are you gonnanwear?\" Rita scanned the roomnwith her eyes then whispered. \"I snuck last nightnand saw a seamstress. This nice man actually offered to buy it for menand we went out to dinner. I saw Ted walking around and I almost gotncaught.\" \"Who was the man?\"nLaura questioned. \"You won't believenme. It was the Prince.\" \"But he's notnsingle!\" \"Keep your voicenlow.\" Said Maria. \"Walls have ears too.\" \"I'm not lying.\"nSaid Rita. \"I'll show you the dress tomorrow.\" Since the hours ofnwork have been greatly reduced, they decided to watch the MaggienSt. James Show , their version of the Corny Collins Show .nAll the dancers on the show were royal and rich. There was a part innthe opening song where all the dancers would line up and say theirnnames. \"I'm Sharpay!\" \"Al!\" \"Yasmin!\" \"Erik!\" \"Violet!\" \"Dash!\" \"Ella!\" \"Andre!\" \"Belle!\" \"Raoul!\" \"Aurora!\" \"Phillip!\" \"Maria!\" \"And I'm…nRoddy.\" \"Will you turn thatnracket down?\" Mercedes snapped. \"My ears are not garbage cans!\" \"But it's thenMaggie St. James Show.\" Said Laura. \"The best show ever.\" \"Yeah wellnunderground here we don't have too many channels. The humans takeneverything away from us including our own lives.\" Said Remy. \"Their lives are anlot worse than ours.\" Said Maria. \"With animal testing, predatorsnand those cruel traps.\" Rita turned off thenTV. Laura stopped dancing and looked at her best friend. \"Mercedes.\" Shenbegan. \"The baby is due any day now. You should rest.\" \"Oh my dear, I'llnbe quite fine.\" \"Please.\" SaidnRita. \"My mum went through this at least twenty times. If you rest,nthe laboring wont hurt as much. Rest while you have a chance too. Wenhave a lot of work to do starting in five hours.\" Back at the Palace,nRoddy and the others were getting ready. He was nicely dressed in anflawless tuxedo. His sister was wearing a strapless black ball gownnand a diamond tiara with a skull in the center. All the princesnlooked handsome, but Roddy was the best looking. \"Roderick, where'snSharpay?\" his father asked. \"I don't know.\"nSaid Roddy. \"I don't think she'll show up.\" \"She's sick?\" \"No dad.\" SaidnRoddy. \"I broke up with her.\" He announced his good news withnpride, fearless of the king's reaction. \"I beg your pardon?\" \"You know. 'Seenyou' and 'Goodbye' and such. She wasn't the right girl fornme.\" August was outraged.nHe was tired of working hard to keep his land peaceful and safe fornrodents. \"You're the futurenking.\" He reminded his son. \"You need to have a queen.\" \"Not all kings rulednwith a queen. If I want to rule alone, I will.\" The King glared at thenPrince. Roddy was right, put the news upset him. August was quitenfond of Sharpay. They were both stubborn, picky and spoiled so it wasnvery easy to see why they got along nicely. Roddy looked at the ringnhe was going to give her. A three million pound ring made of realndiamonds, gone to waste. He put the ring away in his jacket pocketnand sighed. Rita and the othernservants had to help the Toad girls with their hair and makeup. Shenscrubbed, dried, sprayed, curled, straitened and polished for toonlong. She and the others were really tired of how picky the littlengirls were being. Rita was afraid she wouldn't be able to getndressed. When she got the last girl done, she sighed with relief. \"Hold on there youngnlady.\" Le Toad stepped into the saloon. \"You didn't work hardnenough this week.\" \"What are yountalking about? I did everything you told me to do when you told me tondo it.\" \"But you didn't donthem the way I like them to be.\" He said. \"So as punishment, yournnot going.\" Rita did not believenwhat she was hearing. She ran upstairs into her room and slammed itnshut. The mirror in her room shattered from the blast. She laid onnher bed and cried. Why? Le Toad had a heart but he never bothered tonuse it. Hers was breaking as hot tears streamed down her eyes. Shenlooked out the window and noticed everybody in their fancy coatsnwalking into their personal carriages. \"Who case anyway?\"nshe sighed. \"It's a stupid formal party. I bet it's boring andnstrange and… and absolutely wonderful.\" She rested herself onnthe floor. She told Roddy she'd be there. She wondered if he evennwanted to see her there. Fifteen minutes later, footsteps were comingnup the stairs. When the door opened, she saw about twenty femalenservants coming in with buckets of hot water. They began to fill upnthe bathtub. She looked up in surprise. A few others were walking innwith hair supplies. \"What are youndoing?\" she asked. She knew what they were up to but she thoughtnshe was daydreaming. She wiped her eyes as they continued to fill thenbathtub with hot water. Maria and Laura came in. \"Ah Rita.\" Shensmiled. \"You really disserve to go.\" \"But Le Toad…\" \"Forget what hensaid. Your going even if you don't want to. Wheres your dress?\" \"In the box.\" Rita knew she wasn'tnsupposed to fold it, but she didn't have a closet. \"Iron this.\" Shensaid to Mercedes. \"You, take off your clothes. The bath is almostnready.\" Rita could not believenall these women were risking their tales to pamper her for a party.nShe felt bad about it but took off her clothes. \"You, hide these.\"nMaria told another servant. \"Where is she goingnto put them?\" \"Under the bed.\"nSaid Maria. \"So if anyone comes up here, they wont suspect anthing.\" Rita felt thentemperature of the water and slowly climbed in. One of the ladiesnpoured a bucket of water on her. \"Stick your handsnand feet out dear so we can clip those nails.\" \"What if Le Toadnsee's me?\" \"He wont.\" SaidnLaura. \"Because you'll look completely different.\" Rita's nails weren'tnpolished but clipped. A servant came in with glass flats and put themnon Rita's feet. They were a perfect fit. Five minutes later, Rita'snhair and nails were clean and she smelled like daisy perfume. Marianblow dried and curled her hair. Rita didn't know what she was doingnuntil she finished. Rita's hair was down and nicely curled. Shenfelt like a princess the moment she saw herself. She put her dress onnand allowed the servants to admire her. She looked gorgeous. Shenwasn't wearing makeup or nail polish but could beat Miss Universenin a pageant. \"Now, now. You'renalready late!\" They pushed her out of the room. Laura went downstairsnto check for hitman. When the coast was clear, they escorted Rita tonthe front. She handed Rita a long red coat and took her outside to ansled. \"Remember, Le Toad'sncoming back at twelve thirty. At midnight, you have to leave.\" \"I'll keep that innmind.\" Said Rita. \"Thank you.\" Rita rushed in and wasnthen on her way to the Saint James Ball.[Chapter 6] RoddynSt. James met about a couple hundred beautiful maidens already. Nonenof them captured his interest. He still had to meet several more butnfelt more like mingling instead. She wasn't coming, he thought.nThen, a red head in a red dress appeared on the top of the grandnstairway. A servant removed her coat. Roddy was paralyzed. She was sonbeautiful. He ran up the stairs after her. Everyone stared at thenprinces immature move. He couldn't contain his excitement. Ritanwas stunning, but his handsomeness stunned her even more. He bowednand offered his hand. She looked around to see if Le Toad was around.nShe took his hand finally and he escorted her down the steps. \"Cuenthe waltz!\" August roared. His right hand man was holding him backnso he wouldn't fall off the balcony. Roddy and Rita went to thencenter of the dance floor, in front of the tall glistening Christmasntree. When the music began, they danced together for the first andnmaybe even the last time. \"Glandnyou made it.\" He said. \"SorrynI'm late.\" Said Rita. \"It wasn't my fault though. It takes anlong time to get ready. And I had to do it at the last minute.\" Henspun her before she turned back to him, placing her hand on hisnshoulder again. \"Why?\" \"Inhad to pamper around ten spoiled brats who were picky aboutneverything.\" She said in an annoyed tone. \"But I'm glad Inmanaged to get here.\" \"WellnI'm glad you came.\" Asnmore couples joined in the dance, Le Toad cut through the crammednaudience to see who the girl the prince was dancing with. A tall ratnand his wife pushed him out of the way to waltz. \"Whonis she?\" he mumbled. Atnthe same time, Sharpay whose hair was up in a nice bun wearing a pinkndress looked at her ex in disgust. Rita was a pretty girl. Sharpaynthen began to rage with jealousy. Rita had a smaller figure, a morengorgeous smile and a better laugh. And from her expression, Sharpayncould see she was happy. \"Rita,ndid you eat yet?\" \"No,nI haven't taken my food pill.\" She laughed. \"Allownme to escort you to dinner.\" Hentook her hand gracefully and walked into the dining room next door.nIt was empty besides a few maids cleaning the tables. They sat acrossnone another by the fireplace. Rita ordered the tadpole. Lucky fornher, it was the last one left. She never tasted anything so goodnsince she left her siblings. The tadpoles at the palace were about asngood as her mothers. Mum,nshe thought. She wound up trapped inside her mind with memories ofnher mother making the tadpole for the entire family. The fork slippednout of her hand and hit the floor. \"Rita.\" Shenbroke free of the flashback. \"Rita,nare you alright?\" Ritanpushed the plate forward and slouched in her chair. She lookednmiserable. Roddy got up and went over to her. \"Rita,nwhat's wrong?\" He placed an affectionate hand on her shoulder.nShe turned and looked at him, for a moment speechless. \"Well,nyou know I've been a slave for Le Toad since I was eight. I'mnseventeen now. I've been sending my salary, if you consider onenpound a salary to my family. Thirty nine of them all live in a shacknwith nothing to eat. And here I am, eating their favorite dish. I'mnnot hungry anymore.\" Henthought she was going to burst into tears but she didn't. Hencaressed her flawless cheek. \"I'mnwilling to send your family more than one pound, and a years worth ofnfood and clothes if you want me to help.\" \"You'dndo that?\" \"Ofncorse. I'd do anything to help.\" Rita'snmood turned around again. She smiled and thanked him. \"AndnI feel as if I need to tell you something.\" \"What'snthat?\" \"Inknow we don't know each other very well and this may seem awkward.nBut I have seemed to have fallen in love with you Rita Malone.\" \"Nownhow come you're not afraid to speak your mind?\" \"Inam.\" Said Roddy. \"But I just wanted you to know.\" \"WellnI have to say; I never met a man brave enough to confess his feelingsnto a girl so quickly. You know, it's easier to wait. But I'm gladnyou told me.\" \"Really?\"nhe asked. He cleared his throat. \"I mean, 'really'?\" Ritangiggled. \"Inlike you too.\" Said Rita. \"And not like a brother.\" She removednhis hand from her face and trapped it between both hers. \"Let'sngo dance.\" Whennthey returned, the dance floor was packed. They didn't hesitate tonsqueeze in. They were having a friendly conversation when King Augustnwalked to them. \"MaynI cut in?\" his loud but low voice caught their attention over thennoise of the orchestra. Roddy stepped back. Rita curtsied to thenKing. \"Fivenminutes.\" Said Roddy. Ritancouldn't say no to the king as they danced. \"Tellnme young lady, what kingdom do you come from?\" Ritandidn't know what to tell him. Most of the maidens in the room werenrelated to royalty, heiresses or rich. \"Income from far far away.\" \"Wherenis that?\" \"Farnfar away.\" She repeated. \"Inthought ogres ruled that.\" \"Thatnwas just a movie.\" She said. If he continued to ask her questionsnshe would crack and he'd find out she wasn't royal. Roddynwas watching them mingling on a danish. Le Toad caught his eye. Henwas staring at her like a pedophile, or more like a snake about toneat her. Suspicious, he walked up to one of the false knights on thenwalls and took one of their swords. They were as real as any othernweapon. He put the sword and the case for it through his belt andnbegan to keep watch again. \"Roddynwhat are you doing?\" Sharpay stomped over to him angrily. \"Isnthis why you dumped me? For her?\" \"Injust met her tonight.\" He lied trying to look innocent. \"Yeahnright. You like her!\" \"Andnyour point? Sharpay, I dumped you for the sake of my family, not thengirl.\" \"Sonwhat if Maggie hates me?\" \"Bencareful. You make one move and if it makes her angry, she can kicknyou off the show.\" \"That'snunnecessary. Because I quit.\" \"Sincenwhen?\" \"Sincennow!\" Shenkicked him in the leg and he stared at her. He wasn't in any pain. AfternAugust spent plenty of time with Rita he left her stranded on thendance floor. She sighed with relief. She went to get a drink ofnchampagne and carried it out. Sharpay approached her. \"Younmake one more move with my Roddy Bear and there will be wood wherenyour legs once were. Got that you little whor—\" \"Excusenme.\" Said Rita. \"I didn't steal him from you. Got that PrincessnBratty?\" Sharpaynwas about to attack her but she backed off when Le Toad made ansurprise visit. He put his slime covered arm around Rita's waist.nShe spun around and backed up. Her heart was about to rip out. Shencould feel her stomach evaporating. \"My,nmy don't you look nice.\" He complemented. \"You look like anservant of mine. Say, can I have your name?\" Ritandropped the champagne. The glass shattered as the drink oozed ontonthe floor. Rita backed up. She felt a soft arm wrap around hernshoulders. Roddy stood beside her. \"Inknow what your up to pedophile.\" He sneered. He pulled the swordnfrom his belt and pointed it at Le Toad's throat. The musicnstopped. Everyone gasped. \"Now,nnow your highness I wasn't going to harm her. I just wanted to knownher name.\" \"Really?nBecause I suspected something more.\" He growled. \"You leave hernalone.\" \"Mynapologies your highness.\" Backnat the Floodgate, the servants were in their secret hiding place,ndrinking, dancing and playing music. \"Threencheers for a night off!\" Remy yelled raising his beer mug. \"Thennight off!\" the rest yelled. They banged their glass mugs togethernand celebrated. Pregnant Mercedes sat down with a pale face. Shenbegan to breathe heavily. Then she screamed. \"BreathenMercedes. I'll get you to your room. Somebody get towels andnbuckets of water! Quickly!\" Maris yelled in a panicked voice. Henput the sword back and took Rita to another room, locked the door andntold her to lie down and rest. She lay on the couch breathing deeply.n\"Are you alright?\" Ritannodded her head. \"Inthought he knew you were here.\" Ritanchuckled insecurely. \"He changed his mind.\" \"Sonyou weren't allowed to come?\" \"No.nI wasn't.\" she said. \"But I really wanted to come so I snucknout. If he finds out, he'll have my tail!\" \"Andnhe wont find out.\" He promised her. \"Would you like to go outsidenfor some air?\" Ritannodded, sat up and walked with him to the balcony. It was freezingnoutside. Rita crossed her arms for warmth. Roddy placed them down andnput his sleeved arms around her. \"Injust don't understand. It's like he doesn't have a heart atnall. All he loves is his bratty kids, his brainless henchrats, hisnmoney and trying to overcome your father.\" \"Wellnsoon you'll be free and I'll be king. And when I do, I willnbanish him, for the several attempts he made for trying to take awaynour power.\" \"Andnwhen I'm out, I'm going to see the Famous Drains of Europe withnmy dad. We are scavengers after all.\" \"Nownthat doesn't sound like something a girl would want to do. But itnsounds fun.\" \"Incan't wait.\" She told him. She turned around and looked into hisnchocolate eyes. He pushed a few strands of her red hair back. Theirnfaces were one inch apart when Big Ben struck midnight. Rita rushedninside. \"Wherenare you going?\" \"Inneed to be back by midnight!\" she yelled. \"What?nIs this some kind of Cinderella story?\" \"Itnwasn't meant to turn out that way!\" she said. He followed her tonthe coat room. \"Wellnwhen can I see you again?\" \"Tomorrownmaybe.\" She said rushing to put on her coat. \"The Fly Valley atnnoon? I always go there to pick up food.\" \"Great.\"nHe said. \"I'llnsee you tomorrow!\" she vowed. \"Ok.\"nHe mumbled. \"Tomorrow…\"[Chapter 7] \"Daddy!\" Veruca,nLe Toad's most spoiled daughter yelled. \"I saw Rita!\" \"Nonsense.\" SaidnLe Toad. \"Rita's at home, relaxing.\" \"But I saw her runnover there.\" \"Now I think you'venhad enough cake.\" He looked out the window and saw a girl runninside a boat with red hair. \"But I do wonder… You be good. I'mngoing home to check on everybody.\" Rita was frightened.nShe had a strange feeling that Le Toad was already home waiting fornher. She took several deep breaths as Le Toad's boat zoomed pastnher. She wondered why he didn't stop as the raising water splashednher. When she reached the place, she already saw Le Toad walk in. \"Wheres Rita?\" LenToad asked as he moved into the warmth of his home. \"Rita? Uh…\"nMarie stumbled upon her words. \"That really isn't a huge dealnnow. Mercedes is having the baby. I didn't expect you…\" \"A new servant? Hownsplendid.\" \"I need to get tonher now.\" She ran away from him. Suspicious, Le Toad walkednupstairs to Rita's room. He knocked politely. \"Rita… what arenyou doing in there?\" When he didn'tnimmediately get his answer, he began to believe his daughter. \"Rita, you respondnto me or I'll march right in!\" Later, in frustration,nhe crashed the door down. \"Rita!\" \"What?\" he foundnher in the bathtub. \"Oh my god whyndidn't you warn me?\" \"Why didn't younknock? A gentleman always knocks.\" Le Toad stuck hisnfinger in the water. \"It's cold.\" Hensaid. \"Your cold bloodednso why do you care?\" \"I would just likento inform you that Mercedes is having the baby. Finish your bath andnmeet with Maria if you care.\" \"The babies comingnnow?\" she asked in shock. \"Well I must be off.nBack to the ball.\" \"You have fun.\"nShe sneered. When he finallynstopped wasting her time, she got up, put her underwear on and hernwet clothes. Somebody must have done her laundry because they werenstill drying on a clothesline. \"Maria!\" shenyelled. \"She's in here.\"nSaid Ofelia, one of the servant women. She heard the sound of a babyncrying and ran in. \"Did he catch you?\"nLaura asked, the moment she saw Rita. \"Almost.\" She saidnas she sighed with relief. She got closer to the bed to see Mercedesnholding her baby boy. The sight of the newborn scared away all ofnRita's worries. \"Rita, this is mynson, Francisco Estaban Carlos Ruiz.\" \"He's adorable.\" \"Do you wanna holdnhim? Don't be shy.\" She handed the sobbing baby to Rita whoncradled the child in her arms. \"Cant wait for hisneyes to open.\" She said. Francisco stopped crying. \"Hey therenSenor Francisco.\" A male servant camenwalking through the door. \"Miss Malone, I havena letter for you.\" \"Who's it from?\"nshe asked. \"My parents?\" \"No. Someone else.\" Rita returned thenchild to his mother and looked to see that the envelope was gold. Hernnamed was printed in cursive with a heart above the \"I\". She torenit open, knowing it was from Roddy. Her happiness died quickly asnevery word put scares in her heart. She folded it back and leftnwithout saying another word. She went to bednearlier than everybody else because she felt as if she needed morenpersonal space. She lay in bed as tears rolled down her eyes. Howncould he? She read the note over and over, believing she misread it.nShe felt knives thrust into her throat as she held her tears back.nShe began to hear huge footsteps come up. She rolled back and ignorednit. The door cracked open and Maria stepped in. \"Oh child…\"nseeing one of her dearest friends devastated broke her heart. She rannup to her, sat on the bedside and held her, soothing her andncaressing her head, as Rita sobbed. \"What happened?\" \"He was using me.\"nShe said. \"To get to another girl…\" \"What?\" \"He even told me henliked me. We had dinner together, we danced in public and in anprivate room and he saved me from Le Toad.\" \"What happened withnLe Toad?\" \"I almost gotncaught. Roddy put a sword to his neck and threatened him. He thoughtnLe Toad was some pedophile.\" \"Well he's annexperienced actor..\" \"We almost kissed.\" \"Men are nastynsometimes. You want to know why you haven't met my husband? He rannoff with some Latin girl and they had kids.\" \"What?\" \"It can be worse. Asnwomen, we learn to move on.\" Maria explained. \"It's just thenway men are.\" \"He's completelyndifferent from that!\" Rita snapped. She shot off Maria's lap andnsat at the window. \"How do you knownthat?\" Maria sneered. \"How long have you known him for?\" After Rita saidnnothing Maria smirked with evil pride. \"I knew it. You knownnothing about him. He may be a nice guy but when it comes to women,nhe's not too nice about it.\" \"And how do you knownthat? How do you know it's not some kind of sick joke?\" \"Well I don't knownwhat his handwriting looks like but neither do you. Chances are henwrote this, dear. You'll have to move on.\" \"Like I will.\"nRita sneered. That night, she cried herself to sleep. She hadntroubled nightmares of the town nicely decorated for Roddy andnSharpay's wedding. Everyone was dressed in colorful clothing butnshe was wearing a wash cloth, cleaning up all the messes thennewlyweds made. Every time he looked at her she said, \"Why?\" andnhe wouldn't answer. Instead he'd say, \"Clean the fireplacenservant!\" The most excitingnnight of her life, turned out to be her worst.[Chapter 8] Whitey was acting verynstrange since the ball. Not the strange he usually was but so strangenit worried Spike. He was taking a walk around the castle and passednby a door that he always passed by, but has never been in. He turnednaround and opened the door. He wound up in a closet. Usually there'snnothing interesting about closets unless if they belong to richnpeople. Whitey walked in anyway. It was filled with dusty old clothesnthat Le Toad used to wear. As a suit caught his eye, he heard a speaknon the floor. He looked down at the carpet and thought he was onlynhearing things. Then it happened again. He rolled the rug and found anlittle door. He opened it and found a bar… The servants hideout. \"Oh sweet.\" Henmumbled. \"I gotta show this to the boss.\" When Rita fell out ofnbed, still frozen, she opened up the note. \"Why would he donthis?\" she cried. \"After what he said to me.\" She wentndownstairs, dressed to begin her regular routine. \"Rita…\" She spotted Le Toad bynthe kitchen door. \"Oh my God henknows…\" \"I'm busy sir.\" \"Come here.\" Rita took a deepnbreath and approached him with caution. \"Your schedule willnbe a little bit different today.\" He said. \"You are going toncatch flies and return with at least six.\" \"You eat more thannthat.\" \"Just six.\" Hengrowled. \"Do you understand? Now get ready, it's cold out there.\" She went up to hernroom and brushed her hair and teeth. She saw the note on thennightstand and put it in her pocket. Chances were she'd see Roddy. She wanted to rushninside the moment she felt the bitter cold. She held the fly jar innone hand as she ran across the slippery ice. As she reached landnagain, she spoke to herself. \"Six flies… nonproblem.\" She walked to the fly valley in the center of the spidernterritory. As she was on her way, Prince Roddy was about ready to getnout. He styled his hair to make it look like the hair he had when henmet Rita. He wore his favorite brown shirt and jeans and snuck outnthe backdoors. Rita finally made itnto the enormous fly valley. The room was decorated with paint cans,npaintbrushes and a flashlight that was still lit, projecting thenwall. She jumped form surface to surface but had no luck catching anynflies. She searched but still couldn't find any. She went back tonthe cold stone ground and leaned herself against an ice cold pipe.nShe looked at the note one more time as silent tears streamed downnher cheeks. \"What's the matternRita?\" Her head shot up. Shensaw Roddy standing in front of her. \"What do you think?\"nshe snapped. \"You know very well what's wrong!\" Roddy's eyebrowsnlowered in confusion. \"Actually, I don't.\"nsaid Roddy. \"Let me ask younsomething Roddy. If you were just an ordinary guy, would Sharpay lovenyou?\" \"No. That's why Indumped her.\" Rita stood up. She hadnenough. \"And then younpurposed to Sharpay when I left, didn't you?\" \"What?\" Roddynsnapped. \"I did not!\" \"Then explain this!\"nRita screamed opening the note. \"'My dearest friend, I had angreat time with you. You've helped me out so much. Thank you fornmaking Sharpay jealous. I managed to purpose to her and we'll benwed in a week. I'm sorry if this hurts you. But I'll make it upnto you; you can sing and dance at my wedding. Love, Roderick Paul St.nJames.'\" Roddy snatched thennote from her. He looked over the cursive handwriting. His initialsnwere specially printed on the paper, so it would be impossible tonexplain to Rita. \"This isn't mynhandwriting.\" He said. \"I don't write cursive. And I'm rightnhanded. Whoever wrote this note was left handed…\" he ripped upnthe note and threw the pieces on the ground. His eyes were mixednwith a feeling of anger and desperation. \"Rita…\" \"Just leave me alonenok? Good luck with your throne!\" she marched over to the flashlightnwhere he noticed her shadow. He chased and stopped her. \"Rita, I swear tongod I've never seen that before. Sharpay is history. She's out ofnmy life and for once I feel free. I wasn't acting. I actually meantnit.\" He saw that she was still crying. Next, her face was buried innhis chest. He locked his arms around her and held her as her tearsncame out like waterfalls. \"I would still lovenyou if you we an ordinary person.\" She chocked. She wiped her tearsnaway and looked up at him. He starred into her deep green eyes as hisnarms slid down to her waist. They closed their eyes and for the firstntime, their lips touched. Rita stopped crying and pressed her handnagainst the back of his neck. She felt him sweating with nerve. \"I love you Rita.\" \"I love you too,nRoddy.\" They hugged one lastntime before she deeded to return to the Floodgate. \"Sneak in and comenvisit me.\" She said. \"Of corse.\" She walked right intonthe front door, All the lights were out. \"And just where havenyou been?\" A dim light clickednon. Sitting in the big chair was Le Toad.[Chapter 9] \"You were supposednto be here hours ago.\" \"Well I'm back.\" \"Where are thenflies?\" \"We took all ofnthem. There are none.\" \"I don't believenit!\" he snapped. \"Rita Elizabeth Malone, you crossed the line!\" \"What did I do?\"nRita snapped. \"You lied to me,nthat's what. I trusted you, all these years to serve and protect mynchildren… but you see, I just found out that you and the servantsnwere doing things behind my back!\" he paced back and forth. \"Incould cut off all their tails for partying while I slept and laughednat me! But I'm not going to.\" Her heart started tonheat up and beat faster. \"You went to thatnparty didn't you?\" \"No!\" \"Lies!\" he slappednthe lamp on the counter and it shattered to pieces. \"You werenthere. I saw you.\" \"Prove it.\" \"There was a youngnlady, red curls, green eyes and a red dress. She danced with thenprince all night and had a heart attack when I went up to her. Andntoday while you were out, we browsed your room ad found a red dress.\"nHe pushed a button on the counter top. \"Whitey, I need you downnhere.\" \"This doesn'tninvolve him!\" \"But he wanted to beninvolved.\" \"What do you mean?\" \"You're stillnworking for me, which means you're still my property. I have anright to give you away in matrimony.\" \"Marriage! You can'tndo that!\" \"Five days from nownI wouldn't have the right too do so. But since you're my slave,nyou will do as I say. You and Whitey are going to wed in three daysnas punishment for ten years of lying, ten years of taunting, tennyears of… of…\" \"Of what? Dreaming?\"nshe finished for him. \"Did you see thenprince today?\" \"That's none ofnyour concern!\" Whitey came out fromnbehind the door. \"Hello dear.\" \"I congratulate younboth.\" Said Le Toad. \"You two will make lovely children fornrats!\" \"That's neverngoing to happen, even in a million years!\" Rita yelled. \"I willnmarry the man I desire and who desires me back!\" \"In three daysnyou'll be wed.\" \"Never! Besides, howndo you know if I just sneak out?\" Le Toad grinned, hisnsmile like a master criminals, showing off his yellow teeth. She sawnWhitey pull a cloth out of his pocket. \"Comere Princess.\"nHe purred. Rita turned around and ran out the front door. The doornbehind her was slammed down on the ground as Whitey began to chasenafter her. She dashed againstnthe fence when her sweater got caught against a loose wire. Then anstrand of hair go caught. \"I'm comin to getnyou.\" He mumbled. She struggled, like a fish caught in a net. Anpatch on her sweater ripped off and the tangled strand wound up stucknthere. By the time she got herself loose, Whitey placed the clothnaround her mouth and tied it in three difficult knots, then liftednher up by the waist. She began to kick and scream like a little kid. \"Don' scream nownmy dear. No one's gonna help ya.\" Le Toad smiled withngreat pleasure as he saw Whitey walk in with Rita victoriously. \"Excellent work sir.nFollow me to Basement 13.\" Basement 13 was wherenthey took really bad savants to punish them. Everyone who went downnthere lost their hands, feet, or tail, got maimed or even killed.nThey walked down the stone stairway. Rita's nails were dug insidenWhitey's skin but he ignored the great pain. She could only seenwhat was behind them. They were approaching a small area with a shelfnfull of basic tools and weapons and a bloodstained operating table.nAs she was laid down there, she sat up to run away but Le Toad pinnednher arms down and Whitey strapped her wrists to the table. Theynrepeated the process until they got her ankles, shoulders, stomach,nwaist, thighs and knees down. They pulled her tail through the holencut in the table. \"Let's start now.\"nSaid Le Toad. Whitey nodded. Rita breathed through her nose heavilynas a small tear drove down the side of her face. \"What's wrong?nDid you already meet that special man? You're pathetic. You andnyour entire family!\" Whitey pulled a blacknsuitcase of the shelf and opened it. Inside were four vaccine shots,nfilled with an ice blue liquid, each one three fourths filled. Thenneedles on the end were very long and pointy. There were bubblesninside the liquid moving at a rapid pace. \"The time is now mynchildren.\" Whitey mumbled. \"To do what you were brought herenfor.\" Le Toad rolled hisneyes and ripped lines in both sides of Rita's pants and sleeves.nRita moved her head up. The first moment she saw what they were goingnto do, she began to scream bloody murder. \"Should we do two atna time or just one?\" \"One. It's morentorture that way.\" Whitey nodded andnpicked up the first needle. He slid it into Rita's bloodstream andnpushed the liquid into her first leg. Her scream could break anwindow. The next one was a worse. The pain was so unbearable. Whiteynput the third one in her left arm. Rita felt like there were livencreatures inside her, eating her body parts. The last one made hernstop screaming. She got week and her head fell on the table. Whiteynpoked her arm and she screamed. After he removed thencloth and undo the buckles, Whitey lifted her up. She was very weak.nHer face was stained with tears and she was freezing. \"Aww, poor dear.\"nWhitey said as Rita finally closed her eyes and fell asleep.[Chapter 10] Bing-bong! The storekeeper of HeranCheeses looked up to see the bell at his door chiming. The firstncostumer of the day arrived. \"May I help you sir?\" \"Yes. I'd like yournhighest quality cheeses. It's a present for a girl.\" \"Woah ho ho.\" Thenfat man chuckled. \"Well come and take a look around your highness,nthere's a huge selection. I have heart shaped cheeses of all types.nSwiss, bleu, American, mozzarella, jack… every king of cheese youncould think of.\" The prince looked atnall the cheese displayed in different shapes. He was very impressednwith the service the small store had. \"I'd like two ofneach type of cheese you have, heart shaped and in a heart shaped box.nCould you fill them with melted cheese?\" \"Why certainly.nThat's what we're famous for!\" He put on a pair ofnrubber gloves. Roddy watched him take the cheese when a memory ofnRita crying because her family had no food. \"Can I have anothernbox, just plain cheese deluxe size?\" The store keeper noddednhis head and continued to pack up the cheese. Starting to get bored,nRoddy walked around the store to look at the other cheeses. Then annewspaper caught his eye. A PRINCESS FORnRODDY? He was on the frontnpage. In the picture, he was holding hands with Rita at the ball. Hernface was hiding behind her hair and he looked as if he was going tonkill the camera man. On the side was a picture of a young girl nearnthe age of eight. \"Don't these peoplenever give me a break?\" Roddy yelled in frustration. He slammed thennewspaper back to the counter and sighed. \"Those nasty peoplenwill do anything to make money.\" Said the shopkeeper. \"Whoeverntook that photo now is probably buying a castle in France.\" Henbrought the boxes up to the cash register and added up the prices. \"Inhope you brought a ton of money.\" Roddy pulled his creditncard out of his pocket and swiped it onto the scanner. \"Have a good daynsir.\" Said Roddy. \"Have a wonderful daynPrince Roderick.\" He hated it when peoplencalled him that, even when they didn't know how he felt deep downninside. \"Attention allnslaves!\" the loudspeaker turned on and everyone stopped working.n\"Report to the main hall. For the next three days there will be anchange in all your schedules.\" \"Where's Rita?\"nLaura asked. \"She should have been here hours ago.\" \"I don't knowndear.\" Said Maria. \"Now come. Le Toad's not patient man.\" All the rats gatherednaround. The guards wouldn't let them sit down on the chairs orncouches. Le Toad went in front of them and stood on a chair. \"Silence!\" henroared. The hall then was nothing with dead silence. \"As I saidnbefore, your schedules are completely different. You see, we arenhaving a wedding celebration right here. My best guard Whitey isngetting married!\" \"Who's the bride?\"nLaura asked. Maria shushed her in fear of Le Toad's wrath. \"I will explain thatnlater. Now, the preparations are more important. I need all the chefsnto make a deluxe wedding dinner. That means the food must be cookednto perfection. I have a list of dishes you are to prepare. Spike,nyou're in charge. Make sure they do it right and in addition, makensure they make a wedding cake, six story's tall.\" \"But I'm in chargenof the chefs.\" Said Remy. \"Why is that twi--\" \"Because he's anguard. He'll do a better job than you! As for the maids, you willndecorate all the rooms. White and gold ribbons and balloons. I expectnthis place to look like a palace. Clean every spec of dust.\" \"You heard the man.\"nSaid Thimblenose. \"Let's get to work ladies.\" \"Why is he comingnwith us?\" said Laura. \"Be quiet.\" Henmother sneered. \"To make sure theynget it right. And also, we found your little hideout. Whitey found itnactually and this marriage is his reward.\" All the servants werenappalled by this. They could possible have their hands cut off. Butnthe guards started evacuating the scene to get started, the slavesnfollowing them. \"You two… Maria, I want you to make the gown.nLaura can make the veil.\" \"Well tell me aboutnthe bride and I'll be done in five hours. Who is she?\" Le Toad stopped andnwalked back to them. \"Let's just say thensize is extra small.\" Laura gasped. Mariancould feel tears begin to well up. \"You cant do this.nIt's not fair to the family.\" \"She's my property.nShe'll be wed before new years anyway.\" \"This isn't fair!\"nLaura snapped. Le Toad stared at her evilly. \"You talk back to menone more time young lady and you'll loose that tongue! Understand?\" Laura shook her head,nfearfully as she burst into tears. \"Now get started.\"nHe sneered. \"I want her to look like a princess.\" He locked all thenservants in the rooms they were working in. Maria and Laura were thenonly ones who knew Rita was the bride. They knew they had to tellnthem. \"In three days it'llnbe too late.\" Maria sighed as she looked through the design book. \"This isn't fair!\"nLaura screamed. \"She worked ten years for him to get it out of thenway! Now she'll never be free!\" The poor girl started sobbing asnshe got out the fabric for Rita's veil. \"Never…\" Amanda Malone heard anknock on her door. She stopped preparing cold tea to answer it. \"Mum it's thenprince!\" Annie screamed with joy and delight. \"The prince? That'snrubbish.\" She opened the door. \"Is this the Malonenfamily?\" \"Yes it is. May I asknwhy you're here?\" \"Well I just droppednby to bring you some cheese.\" He handed her a goldnbox. Amanda almost fainted when she saw. There were about fortynchunks of cheese in there. \"Why your highness…nI don't know what to tell you.\" \"Rita told me younguys were starved to death, so I got these from the best cheese storenin the city.\" \"You know myndaughter? Well please come in and tell us what she's been doing.\" \"Thank you.\" Roddynstepped in and sat down on the couch. Everyone stopped playing andnstared at him. \"Sit down kids.\"nSaid Amanda. \"Nigel! We have a guest!\" \"Coming love!\" \"Is Nigel yournhusband?\" Roddy asked. \"Yes.\" A tall and very fit manncame down. \"Nigel, the princensaw Rita.\" \"Well did he then?\"nNigel sat down on his big TV chair. \"Well, tell us how she is.\" The children were allnnibbling on their cheese. \"Well I met her atnthe seamstress shop. She was getting ball gowns for Le Toad'sndaughters…\" Roddy told his story tonthe family. He also mentioned that New Years was less than a weeknaway. The only thing he didn't tell them was his plan for the nextntime he saw Rita.[Chapter 11] Roddy was busy the nextntwo days with his tutor. The moment he had spare time, he'd headnfor the Floodgate. His day off finally came. Whistling a happy tune,nRoddy ironed his nicest shirt. It was a white collar shirt. Not thendorky kind but with thin fabric. The sleeves went down to his elbows.nNicely hung on the doorknob of his closet were his favorite blacknpants. Beside those were his shined black shoes. August came in. \"Since when did youncare about how smooth your clothes were?\" \"Huh.\" Roddy putnthe iron down. \"Just going somewhere.\" \"Dressed so nice?\" \"Ok, you caught me.nOh, father I'm in love.\" \"Stop acting boy.\" \"No I mean it.nChances are I'll have a queen by today. She's a wonderful girlnand I'm going to purpose today.\" \"Oh really.\" \"I'm going to givenher a surprise visit and I'm going to ask her when the time isnright.\" \"Well that'snwonderful. You know how long we've been waiting for this tonhappen?\" \"A long time?\"nRoddy guessed sarcastically. \"Well, when are youngoing?\" \"Once I'm donenironing my shirt.\" \"Well then I'llnleave you to do that.\" After the King left hisnsight, he rushed to finish. \"Cheeses? Check.nRoses? Check. Ring? Check. Clothes? Check. Smile? Check.\" Roddy gave himself onenlast look in the mirror before gathering his items, putting on hisnformal jacket, and leaving. Everything was almostnset. Remy was coating the cake with creamy white icing with gold rosenpetals on it made from frosting. He whistled happily as he was nearlynfinished with his masterpiece. His human friend, Linguini would havenbeen proud. Other chefs were preparing a variety of desserts likencrème brulee while other made dinner and appetizers. \"Wa la!\" \"Good.\" Said Spike.n\"Now take that to the reception room and don't drop it.\" Three other chefs camento assist Remy. They lifted it up and slowly followed Spike to wherenthe maids were setting up the tables. \"He's treating thisnwedding like its some big deal.\" Said Ofelia. She was on a laddernworking with some gold ribbon. \"What's so special about this? Inmean, Whitey's just a hitman.\" \"Must be the bride.\"nSaid Mercedes. At the same time as working, she was holding ontonFrancisco. Le Toad wouldn't let her stop to take care of thennewborn. Fortunately, he was sound asleep. \"Do you even know whonthe bride is?\" \"No.\" saidnMercedes. \"But she must be really special. I never saw him spend sonmuch money before.\" \"This better be worthnit. I need to know who that bride is.\" \"Well.\" Said Spike.n\"Since you won't be able to escape, the bride is an emerald eyednredhead. She's young, about seventeen and is very aggressive.nHopefully you can figure out the rest.\" \"Rita!\" Mercedesngasped in surprise. Francisco woke up and started crying. \"He can't do that!\"nsaid Ofelia. \"Until New Year'snhe can.\" \"You rotten littlendemon!\" Ofelia snapped as she stomped towards him. Mercedes triednhelplessly to calm down the child in her arms. \"Where is she?\" \"I don't know.\"nSaid Spike. \"Now keep working or it's off with your tails! Thisnincludes the baby brat!\" Ofelia ran up to Remy. \"I'm a littlenbusy.\" He said. \"But it'snimportant. I know who the bride is.\" \"How important cannthat be?\" \"If her name is Ritanthen yes it's very important!\" Remy placed the cakendown. \"Rita?\" \"She's beingnforcefully wed to him. I don't know what that toad is up to butnit's no good. Spread the word. We need to hold it back as much asnpossible. The weddings in three hours!\" \"Right away.\" Henchocked. Roddy walked over tonthe Floodgate. He carefully mad his way across the bridge when henremembered he had to sneak in through the back. As he silently walkednaround, he noticed a piece of an aqua sweater stuck to the fence.nAbove it was a strand of red hair. \"Rita…\" He moved against thenwalls to see a small hole where he could see inside a room. He couldnsee two rats, one short and the other one huge. The big one wasnwearing a tuxedo and the smaller one was just dressing in his bestnman tux. \"Well 'ow does itnlook, Spike? Ye think Rita will like it.\" \"Ladies love a man inna tux.\" Said Spike pointing to himself. \"I cant believe younconvinced Le Toad to let you marry Rita. Even I'm whacked out aboutnit!\" Roddy gasped. Hisncoffee brown eyes widened and he paid more attention. He didn'tnknow Rita was engaged. How come she didn't tell him? \"It'll all be worthnit.\" Spike continued. He helped Whitey place a red buttoner on hisnjacket. \"Well, better returnnto my post.\" \"You can't just sitnin front of her door. What if she wakes up and see's you? It'snbad luck!\" \"Your right, Spike.nI'll call Thimblenose to do it.\" He picked up the phonenand dialed a two digit number. \"Ello. I need you tonguard Rita's room for me. Make sure no one gets in.\" He hung up. \"Let's get back tonwork.\" Everything in Roddy'snhands fell out. He was lucky that they didn't notice him. He begannto look around for a possible entrance, realizing immediately thatnRita needed his help. He looked up to see the giant tower above him. \"Wow… that's hasnto be some chamber.\" He muttered. He saw a giant hole innthe wall where Rita would always sneak out to see him. As he walkednthrough, there was no sign of anyone. He crawled in as many shadowsnas possible. \"Now, where are theynhiding her?\" He remembered thentower, and the story his mother told him when he was a kid. A princenfound out about a beautiful young maiden, locked up in a tower. Itnwas always the top floor of the biggest tower. She would either benasleep or daydreaming about her rescuer. As he kept a close eye out,nhe saw a maid with white hair in a single braid, walking by with anwedding gown, sobbing. He believed she was a nice lady so he went upnto her. \"What's going onnhere?\" he said. \"Where's Rita?\" \"Your highness.\"nMaria curtsied. \"That isn'tnnecessary. Where's Rita. I overheard some albino talking to a twitnabout a wedding.\" \"She's beingnforcefully wed.\" Maria explained. \"I don't know what they didnto that poor girl, but she must be up in her room, locked in cryingnher eyes out.\" \"Take me to her.\" \"I wish I could.nThere's a guard at the door. If anyone see's you, they will killnyou.\" \"Is there anything Incan use to get past them?\" \"I don't know.\"nMaria sighed. \"I can sneak you into the weapon room. It's rightnover there. Take a gun because you'll need one.\" Roddy stepped into thensmall closet and looked around. There were series of guns on thenshelf. He picked up a long silver rifle and checked to see if it wasnloaded. There were bottles of pepper spray and knock out gas. Henpicked up some spray and put it in his pocket. Then he walked out. \"They shouldnseriously lock these door.\" He said. \"Are stupid are amphibiansnthese days?\" \"You'll bensurprised.\" Said Maria. \"Good luck.\" \"Where are youngoing?\" \"Young man, if Indon't deliver this dress now I'll lose my tail.\" \"I see. Well, I'llnfollow you. Go on. I'll watch you.\" \"Thank you forncoming. We've been desperate to call for help.\" She walked awaynand made way down the empty hall. Then Ladykiller appeared. \"Are you slow lady?nYou supposed to put the dress in Rita's room minutes ago!\" \"I'm sorry sir, Inwas distracted.\" \"That's no excusenpeasant! Now get up there or I'll have to watch you myself!\" Maria would talk backnbut instead she walked off. Since the guard didn't move, Roddy hadnto pass him quickly before he lost Maria. He walked down the hall,nhis hands in his pockets, whistling an innocent tune. \"Hey!\" He pulled out thenspray. \"What are you doingnhere intruder?\" Without saying a word,nRoddy sprayed Ladykillers eyes. The French rat smeared his fingersnagainst his eye balls as they turned red. He fell on the ground, toonbrave to scream. Roddy walked by and went up the stairs. He would ofncalled for Maria but didn't want anyone to hear. He looked up tonsee he had a long journey ahead of him. There were about twenty loopsnof stairs that Rita had to go up everyday! He ran up the stairs andnafter two loops, he was exhausted. He clung onto the rail and forcednhimself to move. He panted. \"Get a hold ofnyourself Roddy ol chump.\" He told himself. \"Rita's up there.\" He walked up ten morenloops when Maria passed him by. \"Thimblenose Ted isnup there, sleeping. The door is locked so make sure you get the keysnwithout waking him. He's a light sleeper.\" \"Thank you forneverything.\" \"It's my pleasure.\"nSaid Maria. \"Good luck.\" Roddy continued walkingnwhen he finally reached the destination where there were no morenstairs to climb. There was one door. In front of it was Thimblenose,nasleep on the job, the keys looped to his belt. Roddy snuck over tonhim and calmly bent down. The moment he reachednfor his belt, Thimblenose snored and moved. \"Nose… cut… off.\"nHe said in his sleep. Roddy sighed with relief. He successfullyngrabbed the keys and stepped over him. He tried the first key. It wasntoo big. The second was too small and the third was too fat. He triednthe last one and the door opened. He slowly walked in and gently shutnthe door. The first thing Roddynnoticed was the wedding dress. He didn't like it. It was anstrapless, tight corset dress, very low cut. Above it were two longngloves folded over, a veil and a tiara. Soon all of this will havengone to waste, he thought. He walked up to the bednto see his princess lying there. Instead of her hands being nicelynfolded, one of her boney arms hung down. Her long red hair was spreadnall over the pillow. Some of the strands were blindfolding her eyes.nHe moved them out of the way to see how miserable her expression was.nHe removed the blanket and stroked her cheek. \"Now, how can we getnout of here?\" he asked. \"Theodore! What arenyou doing sleeping on the job?\" Roddy gasped but thennremembered that the door was locked and he had the keys. He racednthrough the drawers to see if there was anything he could use to helpnthem escape. Since there were people behind the door, they had to gonout the window. He looked down to see how high they were. It wouldntake a miracle to get them out. He finally found Rita's bungeencord. \"Yes!\" He lookednout the window. In the distance, he saw a hook, supportive enough tonswing them out of the Floodgate. He took the cord and gently pullednRita out of bed, trying to find a way that she wouldn't fall. Henheard the door banging. \"Try again Whitey!\"nLe Toad demanded. Roddy swung out the cord. When it reached the hook,nhe tightened his grip on Rita and jumped. His fingers began to sweat.nHe tightened his fist on the handle so they wouldn't fall in thenbitter cold ice. He looked back at the tower to see a hideous toadnlooking at him. \"There she is!\" henyelled. Rita picked up Rita and ran off with her. He had no choicenbut to take the long way, afraid that the press would catch him. Henbrought her to the halfway mark in the fly valley. \"I think we lostnthem.\" He said. \"R-r-Roddy.\" Rita was awake. Herneyes opened very slowly and she was still weaker than a newbornnanimal. She expected to be in her room, surrounded by a bunch of uglynguards. But she saw a good looking prince instead. She gave him anweak but gorgeous smile and he returned the favor. He kissed hernforehead as he felt tears of happiness fall down his face. Rita'snhead lolled down as she moaned. She lifted her head up to see Roddy'snface. Then, she took a deep breath and dared herself to say what shenwanted him to know. \"Roddy, I—\" She was interrupted byna voice. \"They went this way!\" Roddy held onto Rita asnhe took her to a hiding spot. He found a pipe and hid behind it rightnas the henchrats came in. \"Well their not ere.\"nSaid Whitey. They passed by. Ritansighed with relief as Roddy held her, trying desperately to keep hernwarm. She pulled away from him and looked into his eyes. \"You saved me from mynworst nightmare… thank you.\" \"No problem.\" \"I love you Roddy.\" \"I love you too.\" Moments later, she wentnback to sleep.[Chapter 12] \"Is she going to benalright?\" \"She'll be fine,nafter she stays in bed and eats more.\" That's what Ritanheard as she was getting ready to open her eyes again. \"Hey, she'snmoving.\" Rita's eyes snappednopen. The first thing she noticed was how toasty warm her body feltnagainst the heating blanket. The bed she was laying in was a kingnsized canopy bed with gold curtains. The sand sheets were white, withngorgeous linings of gold, matching the walls. She noticed how shinynthe marble floor was as the flames in the marble fireplace gave thenroom an enchanting feel. Rita sat up but Roddy gently pressed herndown. \"The nurse says younneed a lot of rest.\" He told her. \"If you need anything, ask me.\" She felt something onnher arms and legs that made her imagine fleas were all over her.nSmall suction cups were stuck to her skin to make all the soar spotsnbetter. There was another one on the side of her forehead saying herntemperature and another on her chest to measure her heartbeat. She was wearing a whitenstrapless silk nightgown that made her feel like a queen. \"Are you feelingnbetter?\" \"Yes.\" Said Rita. \"Great.\" He peckednher forehead quickly. \"I have something for you.\" He pulled a gold chainnout of his pocket with a diamond cursive R on it. He placed it aroundnher neck carefully. \"It's gorgeous.\"nSaid Rita. \"What does the R stand for? Roddy or Rita?\" \"However you see itnas.\" A parade of youngnvoices echoed through the halls. She also heard the voice of a mannand a woman and an old lady. \"Their here?\" shensaid excited. \"RODERICK!\" thenbooming screams of the king ourran the sound of her family. \"WHYnARE PEASENTS IS MY CASTLE?\" \"Uh oh. I have to go.nI'll be back.\" He placed his handnunder her head, bent down and kissed her on the lips. Then he rushednout. Behind the entrance were her parents. \"Rita!\" Her mothernapproached her with open arms. \"You're safe!\" She strokednRita's messy hair. Then she got nasty. \"When I find Le Toad, I'mngoing to kick his fat green…\" \"Mum! Kids.\" Ritanalerted. Amanda blushed. \"Oy, hop up all of you!\" All her siblings camenfrom every side of the bed. \"I wanna be under thencovers.\" Mimi said. Rita let Shocky and Mimi relax under the covernwhile the others sat on the bed. It was a new feeling for them. \"My goodness Rita!\"nhe grand mum shrieked. \"Are you naked?\" Because her arms werenout and the comforter was covering her chest, she looked nude. \"No. I'm wearing anstrapless nightgown.\" \"Lemmie see.\" SaidnAnnie who sat in front of her. She pulled the blanket and felt thensoftness of the fabric. \"Rita, when I grow tonyour size, can I keep this?\" \"Ask the prince. It'snnot mine. But I agree. It's beautiful.\" Roddy walked up to hisnred faced father. \"Well! Explain whyntheir here!\" \"That's Rita'snfamily.\" \"The girl?\" \"Yes.\" \"So you were in lovenwith a peasant.\" \"I really don't seenwhat the big deal is!\" Roddy snapped. \"The problem my boy,nis that you're a prince.\" \"I don't have tonmarry a princess! The law now says I can marry anybody.\" \"Well if I were thenhead of England that would be illegal. It makes no sense. A servantnand a prince?\" \"She's the perfectngirl. She'll make a great queen! Besides, she had to come here.\" \"Give me a goodnreason for that.\" \"Le Toad was her bossnyou see.\" \"Oh that warts beennafter my job for years.\" \"And you see, I thinknhe drugged her. When I went over there, I overheard the guardsntalking about a wedding. Turns out she was about to be forcefully wednto his biggest guard. They put her to sleep, and if I didn't donsomething, she would be a slave forever.\" \"Feminine abuse isnillegal.\" Said the king. \"Did he not know that?\" \"He thought hencouldn't get caught.\" \"Hmm…\" \"Just meet her atnleast. You'll love her.\" August sighed. \"Fine. Just make surenshe's cleaned up. I don't expect her to come down dressed but Inexpect her family too. Make sure they all get clean. I never wannansee a single rag in my life.\" \"Thank you!\" He ran upstairs andntripped. \"I'm ok!\" August nodded andnwalked off into the kitchen. Roddy made way into thenbedroom. \"Excuse me. I hate toninterrupt your chat but you can continue it at dinner.\" Said Roddy.n\"The King asks that you get cleaned up and properly dressed. Therenwere two maids behind him. \"Everyone except Ritanwill follow me.\" Said the brunette. After they left, thenblonde maid pushed Rita on a gold plush wheelchair to a luxuriousnbathroom. She felt like she was up top. The ceiling had stars on themnand the walls were painted to look like Greece. The bathtub was innthe ground like a hot tub. The maid filled it with hot water andnasked Rita to undress. Rita never felt so relaxed. She pulled hernhead in the water to soak her hair. \"I'll be back.\"nsaid the maid. \"Just relax yourself dear.\" Rita laid back on thenbath pillow and soothed herself. She thought the maid was backnalready because she heard someone in the room. She sat up as her earsnwidened. She did see a shape in the room, but it wasn't the petitenblonde maid. It was round and repulsive, and it was walking towardnher. \"There you are.\"nSaid Le Toad. \"Your coming with me.\" \"No.\" Rita refusednas she covered her breasts. \"No!\" He hopped onto thenceiling as the maid stepped back in. Rita looked up and watched himnas he stared at her with burning eyes as the maid squeezed somenshampoo into her palm. As the maid was working, Rita picked up thenrubber duck at the side and poked it. She was rather amused by thensound. She dropped it in the water as the maid poured a bucket ofnwater on her. When Rita looked up to the ceiling, Le Toad wasn'tnthere. Even as the hot water sailed around the outside her skin, shenfelt the bitterness of a blizzard inside it. When the maid wasnfinished, Rita got out and wrapped herself in a white towel. \"Miss, I advise younnot to walk in your condition. Allow me to escort you to the dryer.\" As dinner began, Ritansat down in the wheelchair, still in her nightgown, waiting to benwheeled to the dining room. Her brother Shocky was sitting on hernlap. The maid wheeled them to the elevator. Shockey got off Rita whennthey got there to sit down. Everyone was nicely dressed in slickntuxedos and flowing gowns. She was placed next to the king and Roddy.nThey ate tadpoles, shrimp and snake. The children were never sonsatisfied. \"So Rita, tell menabout yourself.\" \"Well,\" she began.n\"I was born on new years eve and I spent my first eight yearsnsailing with my dad. We hunted for snakes and toads for food. Wenbegan to starve as mum had more children. We killed so many snakes,nthey got harder to find.\" Well good thing werenserving snake tonight.\" \"It's very good.\"nHer mother glared at her. \"Not as good as the way mum cooks themnbut still to die for.\" \"Do you do anythingnelse?\" \"I was an icenskater.\" She said. \"I used to compete in tournaments.\" \"She was a champion.\"nHer father pointed out. \"Why did you startnworking for Le Toad?\" \"Well, as you know,nwe didn't have any money. I came up with a plan to rob him and wengot caught. Either I'd lose my father or I'd work for him. I knewnit was illegal, but as rats, it's our nature to steal. And we neednthe money more than he did.\" \"I happen to agree.nHe doesn't spend his money on anything but his children. He'snlike Marie Antoinette.\" \"He lost his wife.\" \"How do you know?\" \"As a little girl, Inwould always sneak into his room and read all his diaries. He'snlike Shakespeare actually. They sure look like novels Shakespearenwould right. There were pictures and everything. She was nice lookingnfor an amphibian really.\" She stabbed the tadpolenwith her fork and popped it in her mouth. \"He abused us to getnit off his mind.\" Rita explained. \"Do you abuse your servants?\" \"Me? Heavens nonchild. If they were abused then how could I be good to my people?\" \"You have a point. IfnLe Toad took over, our lives would sure be a living hell. He's beenntrying to replace you for years.\" \"And I hate thenwretched man.\" Said August. \"Define 'abuse'.\" \"Well, he'll slap angirl if she doesn't do their job right, he will beat up guys whondon't satisfy him. And did I forget to mention amputation of thenhands, feet and tail? He tortured us.\" \"Servant abuse hasnbeen illegal here since my great grandfather ruled.\" \"Well seems to me henthinks he can do anything with his pretty little gems and get awaynwith it.\" The King decided to endnthe discussion. He began to change his mind about all simpletons.nRita was a symbol of the middle class and poor folks of the city. ThenMalones thanked him for the glorious meal and they were escorted tontheir rooms. As Rita got out of the wheelchair and started walkingnlike new again, August went up to his son. \"You were right.nShe'll make a great queen. I hope she says yes.\" \"I'll ask herntomorrow at the party.\" Said Roddy. \"That a boy.\" Roddy stepped intonRita's room to say goodnight. The lights were still on. She stoodnby the fireplace, deep in thought. \"Rita…\" She turned her head. \"Thank God it'snyou.\" She said. Roddy noticed she was twitching in the rockingnchair. She stood up and put her arms around him. \"What's wrong?\" \"He's in here. He'snin this castle, maybe in this room.\" \"Who?\" \"Le Toad.\" \"What makes you thinknthat?\" \"I saw him, in thenbathroom and here. He was trying to take me back. I cant go to sleepnwithout waking up in front of him.\" Roddy picked her up andncarried her to the bed where he slid her under the covers. \"He's not laying anfinger on you.\" He said. \"He's going to be executed when wenfind him anyway because he's been breaking laws for many years.\" \"But they haven'tnfound him. What if he comes? I cant sleep.\" Roddy stroked herncheeks. \"Alright. How aboutnyou and I have a sleepover tonight. I'll stay awake and protectnyou. I hope you don't mind.\" \"Why would I?\" She saw him removingnhis jacket and shoes. Seconds later, he was in his underwear. Hencrawled into bed and turned off the lights. The moment he held thengirl in his arms, she was peacefully sleeping.[Chapter 13] There was no sign ofnthe green demon. Roddy woke earlier than Rita and looked around fornsigns of him. He climbed back into bed and put his arms around Rita'snsoft body. He rubbed her ear and moved his hand up to massage herntemple. He heard her moan for a second before she rolled around andnopened her eyes. \"Morning.\" Hengreeted with a warm smile. \"Did you have a nice sleep?\" \"It was fine. Nonnightmares or anything.\" \"What did you dreamnabout?\" \"Nothing.\" Ritanchuckled at his question. \"I don't get dreams too often.\" \"So how aboutnbreakfast? Want me to call room service?\" \"Sure.\" \"What do you want?\" \"What do younprefer?\" she asked. \"I know nothing about fancy breakfast food.\" \"I'll just get younwhat I like and see what you think.\" He picked up the phone on thencounter. \"This is Prince Roderick requesting room service.\" Rita stood up in bednand listened to him as he spoke to the man on the phone, looking atnhim as if she never saw a person speak on the phone before. Roddynhung up and walked back into bed. \"We have a big daynplanned out. My parents were hoping that you family could join us onna winter cruise for New Years. You can relax at a spa with your mum,nplay with your siblings at the water park, go to the club and therenare several more options.\" \"And this is allnindoors?\" \"Sure is.\" Roddynnodded. \"I think you'll love it. It's an ice boat so we won'tnhave trouble moving.\" \"That soundsnfantastic!\" said Rita. \"We'd love to go. When are we leaving?\" \"In a couple ofnhours. I'll inform your family.\" \"No I'll do it. Inhaven't seen them in years and I owe them a lot of time.\" Rita went downstairsnafter breakfast in her servant clothes. Her parents were downstairsntalking to the queen. \"It's just in ournblood to steel.\" Nigel was discussing to Queen Rose why Rita wentnaway. The queen was holding a perfume bottle, created by PrincessnSharpay. \"Well here shencomes.\" Said Rose. \"How was your sleep dear?\" \"It was fine.\"nSaid Rita. \"So where is everybody?\" \"Scattered aroundnthe castle I bet.\" Said Rose. \"Either in the garden, the pool,nthe spa, so many places. Did my son tell you about the cruise?\" \"He did.\" \"What cruise?\" hernmother asked. \"The royal family isntaking us out on a cruise for New Years Eve. The whole family!\" \"You must benjoking.\" Said Nigel. He glanced at the queen. \"Is she?\" \"It's our treat.\"nSaid Rose. \"We love your family. Besides, Rita's been through sonmuch. You've went through a lot of trouble. You honestly disservenit. Were leaving in an hour. Good clothes will be provided for younand your children.\" \"Well hownwonderful.\" Said Amanda. \"I'm going to tellnthe others.\" Said Rita. \"You do thatndarling.\" Said Amanda. She gave her a soft push. Nobody said a wordnuntil Rita was out of sight. \"You might not benpoor anymore.\" Said the queen. \"Why do you saynthat?\" \"Cross your fingers.nChances are my son is going to purpose to your daughter.\" \"Really? I didn'tnknow he was in deep love with her.\" \"Believe me.\" SaidnRose. \"He's never acted so strange before. Usually he'snmiserable, but I saw him smile several times last night.\" Rita walked to thensled, wearing a red trench coat over her peasant clothes. Roddy'snarm stayed wrapped around her waist as he struggled to keep her warm. \"I know itsnfreezing.\" He said. \"We can sit by the fireplace in our room whennwe get there if you want.\" \"Our room has anfireplace?\" \"And a walk inncloset, coffee machine, flat screen, vibrating chair and internet.\" \"Do all the roomsnhave them?\" \"Just first class.nYour family is in first class with us dear.\" \"Where's thenboat?\" \"Right ahead.\"nRita looked up. Her face was previously hiding in his shoulder. \"Ohnmy god.\" The boat reminded hernof the Titanic . It was a large ship with pearl white walls andngold lining. In gold was embroidered, Queen Saint James . Evennthe entry way stairs were elegant. \"Let's hurry upnnow.\" said Roddy. They dashed over tonthe man at the front of the entry, dressed as a palace guard. Hennever twitched. His eyes gave them approval to go in. Rita almostnslipped on the stairs as Roddy pulled on her hand. They werenoverexcited. \"Well, here we are.\"nRoddy stuck his arm out. The entrance was the main lobby. Even it wasnbeautiful, with plush red seats and gold tile floors. The stairs werengold and the elevators were made of glass. Roddy was in a hurry tonget his room key. It was ready strange looking. It looked like annemploy punch card they'd use to check into work with. When they stepped intontheir room for the first time, there were French maids in therencleaning. They waited for ten minutes until they finally left. Theynwent inside and spent an hour resting before Roddy sent Rita out tonthe spa with her sisters. \"Rita, how come younand mum get champagne?\" Annie complained. They were sitting in anmarble hot tub getting head massages. \"I'm eighteennnow.\" Said Rita. \"No your not. You'llnbe eighteen at midnight.\" \"Shh.\" Ritansilenced her. \"Don't want the maids to hear now do we? Besides,nit tastes absolutely vile.\" \"Then why are youndrinking it?\" \"Because I'mnthirsty. Now drink your smoothie. We might never live like thisnagain.\" \"Now why do you saynthat?\" Mimi whimpered. \"Hm? You didn'tnthink we'd live in their castle now did you?\" \"What she means.\"nAnnie stated. \"Is that she thinks Roddy's going to purposentonight.\" Rita sat still. Shenlooked like a spoiled teenage girl with her union jack bikini andnchampagne glass. \"Annie!\" Amandansnapped. \"Must you always open your mouth?\" \"I can't help itnif things slip out.\" \"Kids, you gottanlove em. Right mum?\" Rita laughed off the conversation and put hernarm around her sister. \"So, enjoying the cruise? There's a waternpark here that I look forward to seeing.\" \"Is Roddy comingnwith you?\" Mimi teased. \"Enough chatternabout the prince. He's a polite young man but were not in love.\" Rita dumped hernchampagne in the tub and stepped out. She placed a silk towel aroundnher chest and went back to the suite. She didn't know why shendenied the truth. Maybe it was still too hard for her to believe thatnit was happening to her. She stepped into the bathtub, washed awaynthe chemicals the tub gave her and dried her fur. Roddy told her henwanted to spend time with her at the night club. She was excitednbecause she loved to dance. It would be like back in the shelter,nexcept with more alcohol, neon light and real music. Rita wore the samenpants she had for years because Roddy told her he loved them. Insteadnof her aqua sweater, she put on a red v-neck sweater, slightly lowncut but not too exposing. After she put her hair in a ponytail, shenmet up with Roddy in the hall. They danced until eleven fifty at thennightclub and had a few drinks. In the middle of the dance floor,nwealthy girls gazed at Rita jealously. They went back tontheir room afterward, got their coats and went outside. \"Have you evernwanted to see the stars, the skies and the flowers they have?\" \"Every girl does.\" \"It's sad how wencan't look at it without risking our lives.\" He said. \"But nownwe can. And we can stay safe too. Look.\" Rita looked out. Theynwere sailing in a small pond Up Top. The snow glittered on the groundnas the stars glistened with them. The full moon shined out light annight like goddess on her wedding. Rita could only stare at the rarenmoment. \"It's beautiful.\"nShe gasped under her breath. \"It's a beautifulnnight.\" Said Roddy. \"And it blends in perfectly with a beautifulngirl.\" Rita blushed. The coldnwind was giving her chills but she stayed put in his arms. \"Rita, I asked younto come outside with me to ask you something.\" He pulled away fromnher. \"Rita, I know wenhaven't been together for too long, but I feel like it doesn'tnmatter since I know you love me too. When I compared you to Sharpay,nyou made her look like… a toad.\" They both chuckled. Innhis mind, he slapped himself. He wasn't supposed to say that! \"Rita. I never hadnso much fun in my life when you were around. The girl in my dreamsnwas an angel who had the same personality traits as you do. Now Inrealize that the angel was you.\" He got down on hisnknee. Rita's eyes followed his hands with suspicion as he removed anvelvet box from his pocket. There was nothing more to say after henopened it. \"Rita Malone, willnyou marry me?\" She stood there almostnparalyzed. He saw her eyes flood as she cupped her hands over hernmouth. \"Yes!\" It took hernthirty seconds to answer even though she knew immediately that it wasnthe right answer. \"Yes!\" \"Let me see yournhand.\" She immediately letnout her hand, nearly slapping him. He placed the diamond ring on hernfinger. He stood up and kissed her to celebrate the first second ofnengagement. \"Congratulations.\" Rita turned around andnsaw Le Toad about one hundred inches away. \"It's sweet, butnyour time is not up yet.\" Right behind him stood Whitey. Rita clung on to hernnew fiancée, quaking.[Chapter 14] \"Security \"Security!\" Roddy alarmed in jeopardy. \"You sir!\" The guard standing at the inside entrance turned his head. \"Is there a problem your majesty?\" \"Yes there is!\" the prince barked. \"We have intruders!\" The man picked up a walkie talkie from his belt. \"We have intruders on deck thirteen.\" He muttered. \"Send in two guards.\" \"Double that!\" \"You know what, make that four.\" He stored the speaking device back in his belt and walked towards the scene. \"Is she alright?\" the security guard questioned after he saw Rita. She clung onto Roddy her face buried in his shoulder. \"She'll be fine.\" Roddy stated. He caressed her hair and grasped his arm around her. He glared up at Le Toad. So they met again. It seemed like he was confronting a monster that haunted him in his childhood. \"It's lovely seeing you again Roderick.\" Le Toad gave a graceful bow. When he fully stood back up, he was holding two swords, formed in an 'X'. Out of nowhere, one of them swooped out of his hands and darted towards the guard. Roddy gritted his teeth together to relieve himself from the sight. There were gaps in the guards breathing. Moments later, his heart gave out. He fell back, bouncing the sword back in Le Toads grip. Then, he tossed it to the prince. \"What is this all about then?\" Roddy growled. \"Remember the ball, when you pointed a sword at me and threatened me?\" \"What about it?\" \"I think you and I should have a fair battle.\" \"My answer is no.\" \"That's strange.\" Le Toad mocked. \"I thought every prince knew how to fight. Especially for the sake of true love.\" \"Don't do it Rod.\" Rita begged. \"Don't worry dear, I won't.\" \"Whitey.\" Le Toad ordered. \"Separate him from the vermin.\" Roddy didn't think Whitey would walk up to him and randomly pull Rita out of his grasp. But as Whitey paced toward them, he began to worry. Meanwhile, the backup security came crashing in. \"Alright, stop in your pawtracks!\" One of them yelled, pointing his gun at Le Toad. Le Toad only grinned. \"Whitey!\" Whitey nodded. Inside his pocket was a rifle. Roddy covered Ritas ears but she still heard the gunshots. She turned her head and glanced at the dead men. \"Rita, run.\" \"No!\" she yelled. \"For ten years this man has been terrorizing me! I have to face my fears and show him whose boss.\" Rita picked up the sword off the ground. \"If there's anyone you're going to fight, it'll be me.\" Le Toad cackled like a wicked witch at her bravery. She showed him she was serious by stabbing him in the shoulder. Le Toad backed away in minor pain. He looked up at her. \"I believe you now.\" \"You wont believe what I've been taught.\" She said. \"And it was all worth it! Here I am, facing you just when you spoil a perfect moment!\" \"Oh, were you—\" \"And I am tired of you always saying how useless I am towards you. I took good care of your kids, I did everything you asked and you still try to ruin my life! Well it isn't happening!\" \"A ceremony can be about one minute. I advise you to go the easy way and come with us.\" Rita spit on him. She held the weapon in her hands like a baseball bat. \"Come and get me.\" She challenged. \"Unless if your scared.\" \"Scared!\" he hollered in laughter. \"Of corse not!\" Rita took the first swing. The swords clanged together flawlessly as Rita ran backwards avoiding all of Le Toad's moves. She performed a few stunts every now and then such as somersaults and back flips. \"I will admit you are very excellent at sword fighting.\" Le Toad complemented. \"But you couldn't even last five minutes washing dishes.\" \"I'm never going to anymore!\" Rita yelled. \"I'm free now! You hear me! When I become queen all of Underground London will see you for who you really are and the king will banish you!\" Le Toad caught her by surprise in a stunt he pulled. He moved his sword to Ritas left. When she aimed for it, the sword flicked back to her right and cut her in the upper arm. When she was distracted with him, Whitey stomped over to Roddy and cracked his knuckles. \"You stole her from me.\" Roddy gulped and backed away. \"Uh… Rita.\" \"What is it?\" she hollered still clanging swords. \"Your ex fiancée is going to kill me!\" Rita made a move where she walked around in a circle so Le Toad would be out of her way. She ran over to Roddy and stood in front of him. She pointed the weapon at Whiteys throat. \"Don't move.\" She growled. \"Either you two turn yourselves in, or I have no choice but to kill you.\" \"I wish I didn't have to hurt you, but I must.\" Whitey sounded very guilty. Rita raised your eyebrows in satisfaction. \"Now get out.\" She ordered. \"By order of the future queen, leave!\" She watched Whitey like a hawk heartlessly as he moved towards the edge. He glanced at Rita one more time before he jumped off the giant ship. \"Rita lookout!\" Roddy was too late to warn her as she felt her legs cut open. There was one line from her thigh to the ankle while the other one on her right was more diagonal. When she saw her blood on the floor, she looked at Le Toad one last time before she fainted. \"Finally…\" he muttered. \"I got you where I want you!\" Roddy ran towards him but Le Toad pushed him off. Roddy gripped onto the white bars as the bitter cold stream was calling him below. \"All you ever did was mess around with me. Do I have 'fool' written on my head?\" Rita was like a corpse. She couldn't hear him and no matter what, he couldn't convince her of anything. He raised his weapon up in the air. \"See whose won now?\" he stood there like the White Witch ready to kill Aslan. \"Get off of her!\" Roddy managed to climb back up the bars. He picked up Rita's sword and without a warning, pinned it through Le Toads throat. \"Ten, nine, eight, seven!\" the crowd was yelling back in the club. He walked the mad man to the edge of the boat and pulled out the blood coated sword. Le Toads body fell into the crystal of death. \"Four, three, two, one!\" Their roars could be heard from where Roddy was standing. \"Rita!\" He ran up to his fiancée and placed her head on his lap. \"Hold on…\" Three hours later she awoke in her suite. She laid on the king size bed in her silk nightgown. The comforter was pushed to the side to expose her legs which had gauze sponges pressed against them. A thin white blanket sat over her chest as she heard those voices. \"This looks pretty bad.\" Said the older female voice. \"She needs at least one hundred stitches.\" \"At least she'll be able to walk again, right?\" \"Hopefully in less than a month.\" Rita sat up and stretched her arms. When Roddy saw her moving, he reached into the fridge and pulled out a Popsicle. \"What's this all about?\" \"I have to distract you.\" Said Roddy. \"I know you're scared to death of needles. Well you need stitches.\" Rita rolled her eyes in annoyance. \"Why?\" She watched the nurse as she got out the needle and a long string of thread. \"Relax dollface.\" She said. \"It's not that bad.\" Rita still panted heavily. She took the purple Popsicle from Roddy and sucked on it. It wasn't good enough to calm her nerves. Roddy took her hand and said, \"Oye. I'm right here.\" \"What happened to Le Toad?\" \"He's dead.\" \"Ow!\" The nurse put the needle at the end of the cut. The thread burned through her skin. Roddy squeezed her hand and caressed her head. \"It's alright. This lady is really good with medical business. Just keep talking to me and you won't feel a thing.\" Rita took a bite out of the popsicle. \"This is so good. What is it?\" \"It's called a popsicle. I was given those as a boy during visits in the hospital. It calmed me down.\" \"So what happened?\" \"Le Toad froze in the water.\" \"He's cold blooded.\" \"I stabbed him.\" Said Roddy. \"What time is it?\" \"Three. You gained your freedom three hours ago.\" Rita sighed and slumped her head down. \"I feel bad.\" \"Why?\" \"All the other servants at the Floodgate.\" She was near the verge of tears. \"What about them?\" \"I'll send police to get them tomorrow.\" He vowed. \"Don't cry. Our dreams are coming true.\" \"I never had dreams.\" Said Rita. \"Only nightmares.\" \"Don't worry. At this moment all the ghosts are going away.\" \"No Roddy.\" Rita shook her head. \"They never go away.\" \"Well their not going to hurt you, as long as I live.\" Rita raised her finger and looked at the valuable ring. When it came into contact with the light of the lamp, it changed colors. \"And nothings going to harm you.\" Said Rita. \"Not while I'm around…\" \"I now pronounce you two, husband and wife.\" The lovers stood on the alter of the cathedral and kissed passionately as their friends applauded. Both mothers wept as the fathers stood with pride. Rita hugged her new husband before he put his arm around her waist and escorted her down the red carpet. A couple of Rita's sisters ran over and picked up the end of her flowing skirt, so the white pedals wouldnt stick to the beads. She truly did look like a princess with her hair curled and her shoulders bare. She waved to her loved ones before Roddy opened the door for her. Of corse the reception was in the ballroom. The castle was shined, polished and coated in white roses for preparation. She knew now that her parents wouldn't have to worry about food or clothing. Her entire family and the Floodgate servants lived in pure luxury from that day forward. But the best part, she learned that anybody could live happily ever after. She didn't have to be a princess. So of corse, King Roderick and Queen Margarita lived happily ever after. ","Summary":" \"Ten, nine, eight,nseven!...\" the crowd outside was screaming. It was New Years Evenin Ratropolis"},{"Movie":"Flushed Away","Title":"Flushed away: The Adventure Continues","Author":"Ash Li Wu","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/3832103","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Okay, I'm a little nervous about this... This is actually my very first story I have ever written in my whole life and I just want all of you who read this can understand and enjoy it. Please R&R; so I can improve. Thanks! One more thing: I don't own Flushed Away, it's owned by (c)Dreamworks & (c)Aardman. But some of the characters are owned by me: Duchess & Fromage (Watch out for these characters!) Chapter 1: Going on Vacation The story starts under the English streets. Yes, the London sewers. Remember the last scene of the movie where Ratropolis almost met their doom. Fortunately, Roddy and Rita save the city and ruin the Toad's plan by freezing the giant wave that almost flushed away the city. After the incident, the Toad disappeared. No one has seen him since. Except his henchrats are still wandering around the city but they are not causing any trouble. As for Le Frog, he went back to France with his henchfrogs. Now the question on everybody's mind: Where is the Toad? If you guess the Floodgate control, then you're right. In the floodgate control, the Toad is talking to his French cousin Le Frog on his cellular phone. \"Please Le Frog! Please?\" \"Forget it my annoying English cousin! I won't help you!\" \"Please! I'm already begging on my knees! Please!\" \"For the last time, NO!\" The Toad was desperate to convince Le Frog to come back and work for him, and then his eyes grew bigger and began to whimper. Le Frog was disgust by the acting made by his cousin. \"Aaugh!\" said Le Frog and rolled his eyes \"Alright fine I'll come back, just stop making the googly face before I throw up.\" \"Excellent!\" shouted the Toad \"then we should start at once!\" \"Make that three days cousin,\" said Le Frog \"we have some errands we need to accomplish so this could take a while.\" \"But, but…\" \"No buts!\" \"Alright fine, I'll see you in three days, oh and Le Frog! Don't forget my little present that we talked about.\" \" Oui , I won't forget, Au revoir cousin\" Le Frog ended the call. The Toad walked around his room back and forth, he impatiently waited for his cousin to come, but three days is a long time for him. \"Three days\" he mumbled \"I couldn't wait that long, this plan has to take action immediately.\" Spike and Whitey, along with the other henchrats entered the room. Spike twitches as he approaches the large toad. \"You called us boss\" said Spike nervously \"have you got a job for us?\" \"Change of plans boys\" announced the Toad \"we'll start in 3 days.\" \"Really boss? Then we should take a vacation while we wait.\" \"A vacation?\" he exclaimed, \"That's not a bad idea!\" The other henchrats grin with excitement, then Spike went to Whitey and gave him a high five. \"That was a good idea Spike,\" said Whitey \"We really could use a vacation.\" \"I know!\" exclaimed Spike \"That's because 'genius' is my middle name!\" \"But I thought it was Leslie\" Whitey interrupted while the other henchrats chuckled when they heard Spike's middle name. The Toad took out his clothes and put them in his suitcase. Spike approach to him and helped him carry his suitcase and brought it down to the boat. \"The sooner I leave, the sooner I can get away from this wretched place,\" said the Toad and jumped down in his boat then Spike jumped down next. \"What do you think you're doing?\" asked the Toad \"We're going on vacation boss,\" said Spike \"Who said you can go?\" shouted the Toad \"Besides, I have a job for you boys.\" The Toad grabbed Spike's necktie and raised him up. \"Now listen, I want you to take care of my tadpoles until I get back\" said the Toad then he turned to his tadpoles above the building and waved goodbye to them. \"Don't worry little men,\" shouted the Toad \"daddy will be back before you know it! Uncle Spike will be taking care of you!\" The tadpoles tried to swam to their father but they are trapped inside a jar, so they wave goodbye and shouted instead. \"Goodbye dad!\" \"Bye-bye daddy!\" \"Be back soon dad!\" \"Bring us back a puppy dad!\" Then the Toad let his tongue out and grabbed Spike and threw him up in the air about to fall in the jar of tadpoles. \"Keep your legs straight Spike!\" shouted Whitey Spike flew up in the air and listening to Whitey's advice, he kept his legs straight and hit the water then floats up. Spike was scared but he pretended he wasn't to show that he's brave. \"Hah! You see that!\" he exclaimed, \"No one scares Spi….\" Interrupting Spike's speech, a tadpole bite his bottom and screamed like a girl. \"Yaaaaaaa…!\" Hahaha! I love it when Spike screams! Sorry that it's a short chapter but don't worry, I'll improve eventually... Chapter 2 will be up soon![Chapter 2] gasp Chapter 2! I can't believe it! I made chapter 2!!! Yaaay! So far so good! ENJOY! Don't forget to leave me a review! Again, I don't own Flushed Away! It's owned by (c)Dreamworks & (c)Aardman Chapter 2: The Perfect Gift In another part of the sewers, Spike is not the only one who screams in pain. \"…..Ooooow!\" cried Roddy, \"Ow, ow, it really hurts!\" Roddy's bottom was covered with cactus thorns and Rita tries to pull them out using tweezers that she found on her boat, the Jammy Dodger II. The boat was parked beside the pile of garbage that where flushed down the toilet, or just drop down in the street vents by careless people from the surface of London. But you've heard of the famous line: \"One man's trash, is another rat's treasure.\" \"Keep still Roddy,\" said Rita as she pulls out a thorn and it made Roddy shouted in pain. \"That'll teach you to look before you sit.\" \"If I knew it wasn't a toy I wouldn't sit on it,\" said Roddy \"besides, what kind of person would flushed down a cactus?\" \"The same one who would be stupid enough to sit on a cactus.\" \"Ha ha, very funny Rita.\" Rita chuckled and pulled out the last thorn and it gave Roddy a painful shout that almost made him cry. \"There, that's the last one\" said Rita \"Well now, how are you feeling?\" \"The pain still stings but I'm alright, \" said Roddy as he wiped the tear on his eye \"Oh, don't tell me you're crying\" \"No I'm not!\" exclaimed Roddy \"Right\" said Rita sarcastically \"Well, I better get back to the pile to find more stuff\" Rita jumped to the pile of junk. She picked up some colored broken glass and puts them in a leather sack. \"This would make a great lamp if I find more of these\" said Rita \"what do you think Roddy\" \"Very nice but Rita, why do you have to go through all this?\" asked Roddy \"I mean, the ruby that I gave you is enough to take care of your family, but why do need to--\" \"Collect rubbish and sell them for money?\" said Rita \"Well, it's my job after all.\" \"But with the money that you have now, you could travel to other places. You could be relaxing in a spa right now than collecting rubbish.\" \"Well it's true that ruby of yours made us filthy rich, but that won't last forever you know.\" Roddy thought about it, he remembered before when he first met Rita. She has to struggle by keeping the ruby away from the Toad from stealing it just to support her family. She almost got iced from the liquid nitrogen and a collection of the Toad. Luckily, he was there when it happened. If it weren't for Roddy, Rita would still be frozen right now. On the other hand, Rita would never be caught by the henchrats if Roddy wasn't there, I mean, it was Roddy's fault in the first place, but that's not the point. In the end the ruby turned out to be a fake. Thanks to Roddy, he gave her a genuine ruby in return of taking him back home to Kensington, plus an emerald to build a Jammy Dodger II. \"It, it must be hard to be poor,\" said Roddy turning his grin into frown and feeling pitiful towards Rita \"I'm sorry you had to go through all that before\" Rita jumped back at the boat and placed her hand on Roddy's shoulder. \"It's okay Roddy,\" said Rita \"It wasn't a big deal for me anyway, I'm just glad my family is living a good life because of you.\" Roddy smiled at Rita after hearing what she had to say to him. Rita smiled back at him. She jumped back at the pile and searches for more of the glass that she found before. Roddy suddenly saw something that caught his attention. He took a close look at it. It is somewhat a little shiny, and sort of white gold. Suddenly, a light from the street vent hit the trinket then Roddy began to hear singing angels and his eyes grew bigger and thought it was sign to take it. But when he looks up, it was slugs that did the beautiful singing. They stop when Roddy saw them. He tried to reach for it but it was too far. He took a human size plastic spoon and scoops it out. He took it out while Rita was not looking. He went below deck and took out a metal polisher and a cloth. He first wipe off the dirt with his hands and pour out a little metal polisher on the cloth and polishes the trinket and it began to show its sheen. He again puts a little metal polisher on the cloth and polishes it again. After that, the trinket looks brand new. It's a doll-size necklace with a heart-shaped locket hanging on the chain. The necklace was beautiful from the chain to the locket it was pure white gold. He tried opening the locket but nothing was inside, he was a little disappointed though. Suddenly, Roddy heard Rita calling for him. \"Roddy! Where are you?\" He kept the necklace in his pocket and went above deck. \"Right here captain!\" said Roddy and salutes to Rita \"Alright first-mate\" said Rita \"prepare for departure, raise the anchor we're going home.\" \"Aye-aye captain\" said Roddy and brings out the anchor out of the water. Rita then starts the engine and drives the boat back to Ratropolis, while Roddy sat down and relax. Then he place his hand on his pocket where the necklace is and thought that it would be the perfect gift to give to Rita. But he doesn't know when to give it to her. \"Oh well, this will have to wait\" sighed Roddy \"What did you say Roddy?\" asked Rita \"Oh nothing,\" said Roddy \"I was just talking to myself. Rita turns back to the wheel and continues to drive. Roddy lays down and began to doze off. The slugs beside him sang a lullaby to help him sleep. \"Lullaby, and goodnight, Lalalalalalala Lullaby, and goodnight, Lalalalalalala Sweet dreams, Roddy St. James, Lalalalalalala Woooohooo hooo hooo, Lalalalalalalala\" Then finally, Roddy fell asleep. Zzzzz...Huhn? Oh! Sorry, the slugs' song made me fall asleep. Don't forget to leave me a review okay? Thanks...Zzzz[Chapter 3] Finally I made chapter3! Again, Flushed Away is owned by (c)Dreamworks & (c)Aardman Chapter 3: Babysitting In the Floodgate control, all is quite as if it was abandon, until now. Ever since the Toad left a few hours ago and leaving Spike, Whitey and the other henchrats to baby-sit his little tadpoles, there have been a lot of screaming, crying, and whining. But I'm not talking about the tadpoles. Spike goes to the kitchen to get the fish food in the cupboard. It was too high for Spike so he took a ladder and climbs up to get it, while Whitey holds it steady to keep its balance. Spike reaches out for it and grabs the can with his two hands, but then one of the henchrats with a thimble on his nose calls out for Whitey. \"Hey Whitey\" said Thimblenose Ted \"Fat Barry got stuck in the jar again, give us a hand would ya?\" \"Sure Ted\" Whitey then lets go of the ladder and leaving Spike out of balance. \"Whitey!\" cried Spike and falls down on the floor and the can drop on his head. Whitey has completely forgotten about Spike. He went to Spike after he cries out for him. \"Sorry Spike\" said Whitey lifting him up and wipes off the dust on Spike's coat and hair. Spike doesn't like to be treated like a little kid so he slaps Whitey's hands steps away from him. Whitey then went to Thimblenose Ted to help out Fat Barry, while Spike carries the can and approaches the jar with the tadpoles in it. He climbs up using a riser beside the jar and takes out the pellet fish food from the can and stretches out his hand above the jar. \"Alright lads!\" he shouted \"dinner time!\" The tadpoles saw the fish food with excitement that they all jumped out of the water to chomp the pellet at the same time. But they ended up biting Spike's hand. \"Ow!\" he cried while holding in the pain and trying not to scream like before. Then Ladykiller, a rat who wears a pair of sunglasses out of negative of a photograph and a matchstick on his mouth, approaches Spike with a cellular phone. \"Oi Spike\" said Ladykiller \"the boss is calling for you\" The tadpoles let go of Spike's hand and went back down in the jar. Spike is still in pain after the tadpoles bit him. He took the phone from Ladykiller and talked to the Toad. \"Oh, hi boss\" said the twitchy rat \"How, how's your vacation?\" \"Oh everything is exquisite,\" said the Toad \"they have the best flies here, but enough about that, how's my little men? It's almost their bedtime.\" \"Y-yes boss,\" said Spike, he hasn't finish feeding the tadpoles yet so he lied to the Toad and got Whitey involve in it \"Whitey was about to sing them a lullaby\" Spike then turns to Whitey \"Right Whitey?\" shouted Spike. Whitey was with the tadpoles feeding them wearing a pink apron with a white heart design, that matches his mittens, in the middle of it. After that he went to Spike. \"What is it Spike?\" asked Whitey \"I just told the boss that you were going to sing the tadpoles a lullaby, right Whitey?\" said Spike as he lied to the Toad. Spike gave Whitey a twitchy wink to play along. \"Oh! I see\" Whitey gets the point. He went to the tadpoles and began to sing them a lullaby. \"Hush little tadpoles don't say a word, daddy's gonna buy you a--\" \"A puppy?\" the tadpole interrupted Whitey, but Whitey agreed to the tadpole. \"A puppy named Rover\" sang Whitey and the tadpoles were overjoyed with excitement that they couldn't sleep. \"I shouldn't have let rodents to do an amphibian's job,\" sighed the Toad, \"Anyway, I have another job for you boys.\" \"What is it boss?\" asked Spike \"Go to my room and you'll find a box beside my chair,\" said the Toad \"open it and distribute them to every house in the city.\" Spike did as the Toad told him to do and opened the box. It was a pile of posters and they were written: 'Free Cheese, come to the square to taste the greatest cheese ever'. Then Spike turn to the phone. \"Don't forget to write '3 days' on it\" said the Toad \"You can count on us boss!\" shouted Spike with determination then the Toad ended the call. Then Spike called out for Ladykiller and Fat Barry to help rewrite the posters. They took out three feathers and ink for them to write. After few hours of rewriting thousand of posters, they piled up the posters and put them inside the box. Spike brought the box and went to Whitey. \"Come on Whitey,\" said Spike \"the boss has another job for us.\" Whitey then help Spike carried the box and went downstairs of the building. Spike then notices what Whitey is wearing that annoyed him. \"Whitey! Take that off!\" said Spike \"Hit men don't wear mittens and apron\" \"But it makes me more motherly\" said Whitey \"I don't care, just take 'em off.\" Whitey took the apron and the mittens off and put them aside. They jump on the Ratmobile, it's a remote control boat that they use before but they fixed the hole that causes it to sink. Then the rat with a thimble on his nose approaches to them. \"Hey Spike\" he said \"What about the tadpoles?\" \"Take care of them while were gone,\" said Spike \"we won't be long\" \"And don't forget to sing them a lullaby\" added Whitey Thimblenose Ted unties the rope from the boat and Whitey hit the controls to start the boat. He then pushes the forward button and it took off like lightning. Spike kept the box secure by holding it around his arms and on their way to the city to deliver the posters that night.[Chapter 4] Yaaay! Chapter 4! Enjoy! Bonus: A little pic that I drew for this chapter, check my profile. Again, Flushed Away is owned by (c)Dreamworks & (c)Aardman. Chapter 4: Surprise! \"Roddy\" Rita approaches the sleeping rat and taps his shoulder to wake him up. \"Roddy wake up we're almost home.\" Roddy heard Rita's voice but ignores it. He felt his head was heavy and his eyes were still close. \"Ri, five more minutes\" he groaned and turns to the other side and fell asleep again. Rita was not happy about this. She crossed her arms in front of her chest and raised her one eyebrow, \"He's such a baby\" she sighed. She couldn't just leave her first-mate sleeping all alone in the boat. Then she had an idea, she went at the edge of the boat and scooped her hand with water and splashed it at Roddy. It gave him quite a shock. \"Ah! No please! I can't swim!\" shouted Roddy. He immediately woke up waving around his arms like an amateur swimmer swimming for his life. His face was wet by the cold water and soon realizes it was only one of Rita's tricks. Rita laughed when she saw Roddy's silly reaction. \"Rita, don't scare me like that.\" Roddy panted and he put his hand on his left chest and felt his heart pounding fast. \"Sorry Roddy\" said Rita \"anyway you can sleep as long as you want when we get home.\" Rita goes back to the wheel and steers the boat, Roddy stretches out his arms and then he put his one hand in front of his mouth and yawns. He then rubbed his eyes and goes below deck. \"Oh, Roddy while you're down there,\" called Rita \"could you bring out the stuff that I pick up a while ago, they're in the bag.\" \"Aye-aye captain\" said Roddy but his eyelids grew heavy and he was not paying attention to where he was going, so he tripped on the stairs and flies down the deck. Rita laughed a little, \"Maybe I should have let him sleep a little longer\" she thought and continues driving. Roddy then realizes his face was on the floor, he got up and wiped the dust off his shirt. He didn't know what he was doing at first, but when he saw the bag, he remembered what Rita said to him. He took the bag, inside was a pile of colourful glass. He carefully carried it so he won't get any cuts. Then suddenly he remembers the necklace that he picked up a while ago, he put down the bag and reach into his pocket and took out the necklace. He gazes at it for a while and opens the locket once again, and still nothing was inside. \"I couldn't give this to Rita if there's nothing in it\" he thought \"I know, I'll put a letter in it\". He ripped out a paper from a little notepad that was lying around the deck and found a bird's feather and an ink for him to write. He wrote the words that came from his mind; he did it very quickly so that Rita wouldn't be suspicious because he wanted the gift to be a surprise. After writing, he folded the paper and put it inside the locket. It fits perfectly, he closed the locket and wrapped it with a gift wrapper that he found lying around. He wrapped it beautifully and put it in his pocket. \"Now the question is, when will I give it to her?\" he thought and carefully picked up the bag and went above deck. He then approaches to Rita and shows her the bag. \"Great job first-mate\" praised Rita \"just don't go wandering off sleeping again okay?\" Rita trying to tease him and smiled, Roddy smiled back then put the bag beside Rita. \"Roddy,\" Rita's smile turned to frown and didn't look at Roddy. She continues to look at the water and drives. \"What is it?\" asked Roddy, he was concerned when he saw her frowning. He wrapped his arm around her trying to comfort her. \"Cheer up, Dr. Roddy St. James is here to help\" said Roddy trying to cheer her up. But it didn't give her a smile. Not even a little. Her hands were on the wheel and still looking at the water in front of the boat. \"I don't know if I should tell you this but I\" she pauses and takes a deep breath and looks down the steering wheel. She thought that it wasn't the right time to say it and not for long, her frown turned up-side down and looks at Roddy. \"Never mind, you'll find out soon enough\" said Rita with a cheerful tone. Roddy was confused. He wanted to know what's bothering her but after hearing the cheerful tone, he had no choice but to smile at her and wait to see what happens. He trusts her after all. Not for long they arrived at Rita's house. The new house is big as the old one, but it's not a houseboat. The foundation was on the cement and it's much more stable than the old rocking house. It was painted white and the design looks simple yet elegant. It's the perfect house for a huge a family like Rita's. Rita then parked the boat and carried the bag, while Roddy drops the anchor and ties down the boat. Both of them went in the house, for some reason something is not right. Right about now, Rita's younger siblings would gather around Rita and Roddy and greet them, and Rita's grandmother would hug Roddy and shouts 'Tom Jones!' But the room was completely dark and silent. \"Hello?\" called Rita and searches for the light switch. \"Hello, anyone?\" Roddy calls out for them, too but no one responded. Rita then felt a switch bulging out of the wall. She pressed it and the room was lit. Then suddenly, Rita's younger siblings jumped out behind the couch. Others jumped out from the cabinet and some hid under the pillows and behind the plants. Fergus, Rita's biggest brother, was obviously easy to spot, he hid behind the flower pot and in it popped out Liam, also Rita's brother who first suspect Roddy before was Millicent Bystander the international jewel thief. \"HAPPY BIRTHDAY RITA!\" They all shout and they gather around her to give her a big hug and a kiss on the cheek. \"Birthday?\" Roddy was surprise, he didn't believe it at first but after seeing Rita's younger siblings greeted her, he was confused why she didn't tell him. Then an old energetic rat with curlers on her hair wearing a pink dress and slippers rush towards Roddy and hugged him, \"Tom Jones!\" she shouted choking Roddy by her strong arms. Rita's mum and dad, who is still covered with casts from neck to toe and sits on a wheel chair, went to Rita to give her a hug \"Happy birthday Rita\" both of them greet her and gave her another hug. \"Thanks mum, thanks dad\" said Rita as she put her arms around them. \"I don't mean to be rude\" Roddy interrupting the moment \"but Rita, why didn't you tell me it's your birthday?\" \"Rita, how could you?\" Rita's mum lets go of her and was shocked after hearing what Roddy said. \"Well, you see it's because--\" Rita tries to explain to her mum but her dad interrupted her \"Well now, you can explain this matter during dinner,\" he said \"at least now Roddy knows it's your birthday\" he then gave Roddy a pat in the back \"Right, lad?\" Roddy just gave him a sheepish grin, he then look at Rita, but he wasn't angry, he was just wondering why Rita didn't tell him her special day. Rita looked away from Roddy though. \"Look at you two, you're a mess\" said Rita's mother. Rita's face was covered with dirt, the same with her green shirt, her union pants were slightly thorn, and her shoes are covered with mud. Roddy was covered with dirt, too. The dirt stained his white folded long-sleeved shirt, same with his black pants and shoes. \"You two better cleaned up before dinner\" said Rita's mother and takes them to the stairs. \"I lay down some clothes for you Rita so you better wear them for dinner\" she said \"and yours too Roddy\" she faces Roddy. Both of them went upstairs to their room. Rita's room was on the left side while Roody's room was on the right. They haven't said a word when they went up until they went in to their rooms. Few minutes later, Roddy went downstairs to find Rita, but she wasn't there. Roddy is wearing his tuxedo, the same one when he went to the sewers. It looks brand new thanks to the sewing skills of Rita's mother. His shoes were shined and his hair was neatly combed. Roddy sat down on the couch in the living room to wait for Rita. The little rats played tug of war using a rope, and others are playing tag. Fergus skates around the room as always, while Rita's sisters were beside Roddy admiring him, especially their grandma. Then suddenly, Roddy heard Rita and her mother talking from the next room. \"Mum are you sure these are my clothes?\" said Rita \"Of course, it's your birthday gift from us\" said her mother \"But mum\" \"You look beautiful\" Rita went in the living room to find Roddy. Her siblings pause when they saw Rita. The children stopped playing and stared at her, even Fergus stopped skating around the room. Roddy was speechless as if she took his breath away. He stared at her beauty like the other children. Roddy and Rita's siblings had never seen her in a dress until now. She was wearing a green dress, it's a simple design yet it suits her. Her hair was neatly combed and a green ribbon tied it down. Rita then was surprise to see them speechless. Rita puts her hand on her waist and raises one of her eyebrows. \"What's wrong? It's like all of you have seen a ghost\" she said with a smile. Then Roddy slowly approaches to her and holds her hand. \"No, I see an angel that came down from heaven.\" said Roddy as he smiled and continues to hold Rita's hand. Rita's cheeks turned red and her smile grew wider and stares at Roddy's charming face. \"Aww!\" Rita's sisters love romantic scenes. \"Eew!\" on the other hand the boys didn't like it.[Chapter 5] Taa-daa! I finally finished chapter 5! Okay, there might be a little romance in this chapter (Obvious enough...\"Dinner for two\"...sweet!) To tell you the truth, I'm no good when it comes to romance, lol! Anyway, enjoy the story folks! Again, Flushed Away is owned by (c)Dreamworks and (c)Aardman...obviously Chapter 5: Dinner for two[Chapter 6] Finally! I finished chapter 6! Well...read it and see what happens. ;-) Bonus: Another new pic in my profile! But please read the story beore seeing it, okay? Once again, I don't own FA, it's owned by (c)Dreamworks & (c)Aardman Chapter 6: The Unexpected After dinner, Rita and Roddy took the tableware and washed them in the sink. Roddy washes the plates with soap and rinses them with water, while Rita dries them with a cloth. Mrs. Malone went in the kitchen, supposedly to wash the tableware. \"Well now,\" said Mrs. Malone as she approached to them \"nobody told you to wash the dishes.\" \"Mum, it's okay\" said Rita whipping the plate with a cloth and turned to her \"you can go to bed if you want, we'll take it from here.\" Then her mother noticed a trinket around her neck when she turned to her. Mrs. Malone approached to Rita and holds the locket that she's wearing. \"My, this is beautiful\" said Mrs. Malone as she admires the shiny trinket \"where did you get this Rita?\" she asked \"It's a gift from Roddy.\" Rita said. Mrs. Malone turned to Roddy and smiled at him. \"Well, you sure know how to make a woman happy\" she said to Roddy and he sheepishly smiled \"so tell me, does Rita look lovely in a dress?\" she whispered and the cheek on Roddy's face began to turn red and sheepishly smiled. \"I heard that mum\" said Rita with a warning tone. \"Alright, I'll leave you two alone.\" Mrs. Malone winked at Roddy then leaves the kitchen. Rita rolled her eyes and put the plates in the cupboard. \"Now that we're done, let's go to bed\" she gave him a pat on the shoulder and Roddy's mind came back to reality. The both of them went to the staircase to their room. Rita took one step then realized that she had forgotten something. \"You go ahead Roddy, I need to get something at the Dodger.\" she said. \"Okay, goodnight.\" Roddy let out a tired yawn and went up the stairs. Rita went through the living room and out the front door. She found the Jammy Dodger II parked near the pier, floating on the sewer waters. She jumped in the boat and went below the deck in the engine room. She took out a box and climbed on it. She reached out her hand above the shelf and grabbed a bottle of glue. \"I can't make a lamp without this, can I?\" she thought and remembers that she needs to make a lamp out of broken glasses that she picked up a while ago, and sells it when it's done. She then jumps off the box and went above deck. She went to the edge of the boat about to jump to the pier, but what made her stop when she looked down the water. She stopped for a while and looked at her reflection. She then remembered what Roddy had said to her \"...an angel that came down from heaven.\" \"A walking celery is more like it\" she hissed at the reflection. She didn't believe what Roddy had said to her a while ago, she would normally say something to defend herself against those kinds of words from a man, but instead she smiled and blushed at him. Rita felt something she didn't felt before in her whole life. When she's alone with Roddy, that feeling came to her but she hides it from him perfectly well. But during dinner, she opens up to Roddy, she never opens up to anybody except her mum and dad. \"Of all rats, why does it have to be him?\" she thought. She then looked at the locket on her chest, when she looked at it she couldn't helped thinking the image of Roddy in her head. She held the locket and noticed a piece of paper slightly sticking out of the trinket. She was about to open it but the sound of running footsteps from the tunnels made her stop. The sound was louder and the shadow grew bigger by the second. She was prepared to attack, but she had second thoughts when she saw the shadow's figure. It was round and fat, and the only rat she knew that has that kind of figure is... \"Sid?\" she called out \"Rita?\" the voice responded and ran towards her. \"Rita! I'm glad I found you.\" he panted and stopped in front of her. \"I can't believe you're here,\" said Rita surprisingly \"how did you get back?\" \"No time to explain, come!\" Sid grabbed her arm and pulled her as he ran, Rita followed. Sid took her through the tunnels, not for long they found an unconscious female mouse lying against the wall. \"Blimey! What happened?\" exclaimed Rita \"She's been like that since we got here,\" said Sid \"could we stay in your place for a while until she wakes up?\" \"Sure Sid\" Rita took the arm of the mouse and wrapped it around on her shoulders. Sid did the same thing on the other side and carried the mouse to the house. \"Why did you decide to come back?\" asked Rita curiously \"Well, I didn't exactly decide to come back down here.\" said Sid \"And you know this girl?\" Rita's curiosity grew \"Not exactly. By the way, is Rodders with ya?\" \"Yeah, why?\" \"Great! I kinda miss the little ball of fluff\" chuckled Sid. Rita knew Sid was hiding something. The way he answered her questions, he was definitely hiding something. When she first glanced at the female mouse, she was a complete stranger to her. She had never seen her from around the sewers; she's different from the other sewer rats. Apart from that, Sid knows her. Rita had no other choice but to wait until she wakes up, and hopefully finds the truth. \"By the way Rita you look lovely in that dress\" said Sid \"Shut up and keep walking Sid\" said Rita with a warning tone trying to change the subject \"You never change do ya Rita?\" chuckled Sid \"I'll take that as a compliment.\" she said sarcastically, but what Sid had said to her, it was partly not true. Morning... Rita was dressed in her casual clothes, a green shirt, a pair of British designed pants with a black shoe lace as her belt, and she wore the necklace that Roddy gave to her. She went in the living room to find her mother and her younger siblings gathering next to Sid and the mouse, lying on the couch. \"Is she awake?\" asked Rita \"Not yet\" said Sid standing next to the unconscious mouse. \"She'll wake up soon, just give her time to rest\" said Mrs. Malone and went to the kitchen. Jojo, one of Rita's brother, approached Sid. \"Who is she Sid?\" asked Jojo \"She's just a friend\" replied Sid \"Your girlfriend?\" asked Jojo with a curious look on his face. Sid was shocked then he chuckled a little after hearing what Jojo had said \"No\" \"Your wife?\" added Jojo \"Okay, that's enough lad\" Sid pushes the little rat out from the crowd, preventing him from asking anymore questions. Roddy went downstairs, dressed in his blue pajamas, and finds Rita and her siblings in the living room. \"Morning everyone!\" he greeted and yawned at the same time, he approaches to them \"what's going on?\" as Roddy went closer, he stopped when he saw a mouse lying on their couch. Rita looked at him, his jaws were opened and he looked surprised. \"Roddy?\" said Rita trying to nudge him to come back to reality \"Duchess\" said Roddy in panic \"Duchess?\" asked Rita \"Roddy!\" shouted Sid \"Sid?\" said Roddy surprisingly \"Come here you little ball of fluff!\" Sid went towards and wrapped his arm around Roddy's neck and messed up his hair with his hands. \"Did ya miss me Rodders?\" Roddy struggled and broke free from Sid's silly game. \"H-How, how did she get down here?\" asked Roddy \"And how did you get down here?\" he turned to Sid and said it loudly. Loud enough to wake the sleeping mouse. Her eyes began to open, and she moved a little. Roddy quickly flee in panic from the mouse, then he saw a flower pot that Liam has been using as his secret hideout. He hid in the flower pot, but Liam was inside. Soon both of them were fighting over it. The female mouse sat up and rubbed her sore head, her eyes were half open, she then looks at Rita. \"Where am I?\" asked the female mouse \"Your in my house\" replied Rita and gave her a helping hand \"My name's--\" \"Yeah, yeah, don't know, don't care\" she said rudely and pushed away Rita's hand. She stood up and got off the couch and glares at Sid. \"Now, where's Roddy?\" then she heard a struggle at the corner of the room. She saw two rats fighting over a flower pot. The rat with a black-shirt won the fight and hides in the pot, while Roddy tumbled when Liam pushes him. \"Roddy, darling!\" the mouse ran towards him and hugged him. Roddy felt awkward when she hugged him. \"Oh heaven help me\" he cried to himself. \"She knows Roddy?\" Rita asked Sid. She was surprised and furious at the same time. \"Yeah, well you see\" replied Sid nervously \"she's, uh, she's--\" \"Duchess is my name\" said the female mouse finishing Sid's sentence and let's go of Roddy, she turned to Rita and crossed her arms in front of her chest. \"And yeah I know Roddy, he's my boyfriend after all.\" \"Boyfriend?\" shouted Rita. Roddy makes a gesture to Rita. He showed her the \"she's crazy\" sign behind Duchess. \"Yes, boyfriend\" Duchess said boldly \"did the sewer water blocked your ears?\" she taunted Rita. Roddy continues the \"she's crazy\" gesture, when Duchess looked back, he immediately stop and put both of his hands behind his back and whistled. \"What are you doing around these parts anyway, princess?\" said Rita taunting back. \"It's Duchess darling, and I came here for Roddy\" Duchess took Roddy's arm and pulled him towards the door, but Rita blocked her way. \"Do you mind?\" shouted Duchess \"Is there a problem?\" said Rita standing in front of the door \"Yes, you're blocking our way\" \"And where do you think you're going?\" \"Back to Kensington of course\" \"And how do you propose to do that?\" Duchess paused and scowled at Rita. It's true that Duchess doesn't know what to do next, what's worst she doesn't know her way around the sewers. But then she has Roddy. \"Then my darling Roddy here will get us back\" said Duchess \"But you need a boat\" said Rita wearing a victorious smile. Duchess paused again still wearing a scowl on her face. \"Breakfast is ready!\" a voice called out from the kitchen and the children ran towards the other room. \"Breakfast! I'm starving!\" Sid ran to the kitchen along with the children. \"Uh I'm hungry, too so I'll be going now.\" Roddy sheepishly smiled and followed Sid. Rita and Duchess scowled at each other for a while, not for long, Rita went ahead towards the kitchen. \"Hey\" called Duchess and caught Rita's attention. \"What?\" said Rita and turned to Duchess \"What's your relationship with my Roddy?\" \"Nothing. He's just my first-mate\" \"Let's just get one thing straight here. Roddy is a pet mouse, and you are sewer rat.\" \"And what does that mean?\" said Rita. Duchess went towards Rita and whispered on her ear. \"If you're smitten on him, you don't have a chance\" \"Who says I'm smitten on him\" Rita whispered back \"If you are, I'll make sure you regret it, okay?\" said Duchess with a warning tone and went inside the kitchen. Rita just stood and thought about what Duchess had said to her. She then shook her head and ignored it. \"Roddy's right, she is a loony.\" she thought and went in the kitchen. Hahaha, it's a new character! I owned Duchess okay:D If you want to know the story behind her, well you have to wait for a couple of days, lol![Chapter 7] Good news: I bring you chapter 7! Yaaay! -claps hands- Bad news: School is near, and I don't know if how long I'll be able to finish the story, Waaaah!!! But don't worry, I'll try to finish it, and I hope you'll enjoy this chapter. More chapters to come soon! Flushed away is owned by (c)Dreamworks and (c)Aardman Okay! Ready...set...READ!!! Chapter 7: It's a Deal All is noisy and crowded at the kitchen in the Malone residence. The hungry children all gathered around the table and ate their hot porridge, especially hungry Sid who ate a lot and asked for seconds. There were a lot of commotion in the kitchen, but the highlight of it is the conversation of their guest. \"...so when Sid told me that Roddy went to the sewers, I came here to find him along with Sid so he could help me...\" Duchess' story got the attention of the whole family, though they find her interesting, Rita was annoyed by Duchess' innocent actions towards her family. While Roddy, who sat between them, felt uneasy. \"Oh Roddy darling, you haven't eaten your porridge, here let me help you\" Duchess took a spoonful of porridge and brought it towards Roddy's mouth \"here comes the train\" she sang like a parent trying to feed her child. \"No, no that's okay--\" Roddy almost choked when Duchess shoved the spoon into his mouth. \"So Duchess,\" interrupted Mrs. Malone \"you're saying you came here for Roddy, right?\" \"Why yes,\" said Duchess with an innocent look on her face \"but we need to get back home soon\" \"You're a lucky girl,\" said Mr. Malone \"we have a boat that will get you back Up Top\" he paused for a while, one of Rita's brother fed him a porridge and gulped it, he then continued. \"My daughter Rita here will be happy to help you\" \"What?\" exclaimed Rita and Duchess at the same time \"Is there a problem girls?\" asked Mr. Malone \"Oh no, I was just thrilled\" lied Duchess \"what a surprise!\" she added. In fact, she didn't want to ask Rita for help, she hates her after all. But it's her only choice to get her and Roddy home. \"Oh yes, what a surprise!\" said Rita sarcastically. She obviously didn't like Duchess, too. \"Eventhough she's a pain in the neck, I can't leave her here wandering in the sewers. But the sooner she gets back Up Top, the better.\" she grinned when she thought about it, but when she glanced at Roddy her grin disappeared. \"But that means Roddy will go, too. But he wouldn't, would he?\" she thought and ate her porridge. --------------------------------------- After breakfast, Rita and Sid went to the attic to get the maps and the other equipment to prepare for their journey, while Roddy and Duchess waited outside the house for them. \"This is great news darling, we're going home!\" said Duchess excitingly and hugged him. But Roddy didn't want to go back to his old home. He wanted to stay in the sewers with Rita's family. In fact, he can't stand her. Duchess is not actually Roddy's girlfriend. She just claimed that she is, but Roddy didn't have a chance to stand up to her, until now. \"Duchess\" said Roddy bravely \"I'm not going\" \"What?\" said Duchess surprisingly \"I'm not going.\" at frist Roddy was nervous standing up to her, but he felt better when he let it out. \"I want to stay here, and I'm not your boyfriend, it was just a playdate, Duchess. A one-day play date.\" \"Are you sure you want to live in this...this rubbish?\" asked Duchess \"You're crazy\" \"Yes, yes I am\" replied Roddy, Duchess thought about what Roddy had said, she didn't say anything for a while. \"Alright then\" said Duchess \"Really?\" Roddy's spirit lifted and was thankful when he heard the answer \"Right then, let's get you and Sid back home, I'll tell Rita and--\" \"No!\" interrupted Duchess \"I'll tell her\" But she lied to him. She has other plans to convince Roddy to go back with her, but she has to wait until Rita comes out of the house. Roddy went to the boat with joy but then he tripped on a board, but he got up eventually and jumped on the boat. Then Sid went out of the house carrying the equipment to the boat, followed by Rita carrying a map. \"Ah, great timing\" Duchess was still standing outside the house, when Rita passed by her, she blocked her way to get her attention. \"What now?\" asked Rita with an annoyed tone \"Listen, I'm sorry what I said earlier\" said Duchess, Rita was surprised when Duchess apologized to her. \"can we just forget about it, and maybe we should, start over?\" Duchess gave her an innocent look, yet Rita still didn't trust her. \"Look Duchess\" said Rita \"I know you hate me so don't pretend to be nice.\" \"I see where this is going, you don't trust me do you?\" \"Apparently, yes\" \"Well I don't trust you, too.\" \"Okay, let's start by sealing the deal.\" Rita spat on her hand and brought it out. \"What are you doing?\" said Duchess in disgust \"Sealing the deal\" \"So if I spit my hand that means you'll get me and Roddy back to Kensington?\" \"And never come back\" \"No turning back?\" \"We Malones never go back on our word.\" \"Fair enough\" Duchess spat on her hand and shook hands with Rita. Duchess was disgust by it which made Rita smiled a little. \"So that means you're giving up on him\" said Duchess with a sly look on her face. Rita ignored it and the both went to the boat. \"This is better than I expected, it's too perfect\" she thought and smiled menacingly. --------------------------------------- In the floodgate control tower, Spike and the Toad were having a conversation using a cellular phone. \"Did you finish the job?\" asked the Toad \"Yes boss\" said Spike and turned the phone towards the radio for the Toad to listen. \"Last night, posters were found on every house and shop in Ratropolis. The mysterious cheese caught the attention of everybody in the city, and hopefully we would meet the bringer of this myterious cheese in two days...\" \"Excellent!\" shouted the Toad with joy and laughed menacingly. Then a beep interrupted him. \"Hold on I've got another call\" he then transferred his call, it was Le Frog who called him. \" Bonjour , cousin\" said Le Frog \"Le Frog it's so nice of you to call me\" said the Toad \"I call you to tell you that my accomplice will be visitng today\" \"Excellent! Could this day get any better?\" said the Toad with joy. Then he heard a commotion going on over Le Frog's phone. \"What are you doing?\" \"Liberation of frogs!\" said Le Frog \"Did you know that frog legs is a French delicacy? It's madness I tell you, madness!\" then the sound of banging pots and pans got louder \"I have to go now, au revoir !\" Le Frog ended the call. The Toad transferred his call back to Spike's phone. \"Boss, there's someone here who wants to talk to you\" said Spike and hands over the phone to the French rat beside him. \" Bonjour \" said the French rat \"You must be Le Frog's accomplice\" said the Toad \"Call me Fromage and I came here to settle the deal\" \"Did you bring it?\" asked the Toad. The tall rat gave the cellular phone to Spike and reached into his pocket and took out a black bottle of rat poison. \"I hold in my hand, the key to your sucess\" said Fromage with pride \"Shiny\" said Whitey standing beside Spike \"It's not shiny, it's deadly\" scolded Fromage \"but it's not fatal\" \"How can it be deadly if it's not fatal?\" asked the Toad \"The deadly part is that they don't drink the antidote, I have here\" Fromage reached into his pocket again and took out a green bottle \"the not fatal part is they drink the antidote, which I doubt\" he then put back the bottle in his pocket. Curious, Spike wanted to touch the bottle of rat poison, but Fromage slapped his hand. \"but in exchange, you have to give me something worth my taking\" he then took out his magnifying glass, which served as binoculars, and looked out the window. He looked at every store and rat that strolled in the streets, but nothing interests him. He then saw a boat about to passed by the tower. It marked 'Jammy Dodger II' and spotted a female rat steering the boat. His attention was caught by the trinket she's wearing. \"It can't be\" he gasped, wiped the glass on his shirt and looked again \"but it is\". He took the phone from Spike and gave him the magnifying glass \"My amphibian friend, I have found what I have been looking for\" \"Where?\" asked Spike \"The one steering the boat\" said Fromage. Spike looked at the window using the magnifying glass and spotted Rita. \"Rita?\" said Spike \"You want that vermin?\" asked the Toad \"Aww, that's sweet\" said Whitey \"No you idiots, the one that she's wearing\" scolded Fromage \"Why would want it from her anyway?\" asked the Toad \"That necklace is the rarest and the most expensive Lady Victoria accessory, my friend\" said Fromage \"Lady Victoria? Who's she?\" asked the Toad \"Only the greatest doll ever, I have all of her accessories\" Fromage took his bag and opened it. It was full of gold and silver trinkets, others were covered with precious stones, and some were fake but they were beautifully designed. \"Shiny\" said Whitey \"Yes my albino, pinked-eyed friend, shiny\" said Fromage, Whitey wanted to touch them but Fromage slapped his hand \"Nice to look, nice to touch, but once broken, it is considered sold\" he then closed the bag and put it aside. He then turned to the phone \"Anyway, I want that necklace if you want the poison\" demanded Fromage \"Very well\" said the Toad \"My boys will take care of everything\" \"You can count on us boss\" said Spike, the Toad ended the call. \"What are you waiting for? Vite! Vite! Allez-y! shouted Fromage \"Hey, hey you're not the boss of us\" shouted Spike \"How silly of me to forget\" said Fromage and grabbed a piece of strong wood and clenched it on his fist \"Fromage doesn't like waiting, and if Fromage doesn't like something, he gets angry\" his clench grew tighter, not for long, the strong wood snapped into two \"and you don't like it when I'm angry\" said Fromage with an intimidating tone and it made the both panic. Spike and Whitey quickly went down to call the other henchrats. When they were about to go to the door, Whitey quickly closed the door and it hit Spike and fainted. Whitey opened the door to look for his partner and found him lying on the floor. \"Sorry Spike\" he then grabbed him and closed the door, but Spike's leg was caught between the door and the doorpost. \"Sorry\" Whitey again apologize and carefully closed the door. Weee! Another new character, I owned Fromage, okay? Now that you have met my two characters I'll give you a short bio for them. Duchess - Nicole, Tabitha's cousin, owns this spoiled, pampered pet mouse. But she is not clumsy as Roddy, she's actually smart and resourceful as Rita, but despises sewer rats. She was once Roddy's playdate when Nicole came to visit Tabitha. She thinks that Roddy likes her, but he doesn't. So she claimed herself to be his girlfriend and will do anything to be with his side. Fortunately, Duchess lives far away from Roddy, but Nicole visits Tabitha every year. Poor, poor Roddy... Fromage - A poison dealer, doll accessory collector (his hobby), and Le Frog's accomplice and friend. Le Frog and Fromage used to be partners and they were the greatest spies ever, but a calling made Fromage become a poison dealer. They were a team again when the Toad gave Le Frog a mission to get rid of the rats in Ratropolis, and he needs Fromage's help. Fromage went off first to settle the deal with the Toad, while Le Frog is still in France liberating the frogs in a French restaurant. This tall, French rat can fight, and you don't want him to be angry, trust me...[Chapter 8] Finally! Fellow readers, I give you chapter 8! Don't forget to leave me a review after reading it, okay? I have to admit that I was in a hurry writing this fic (LOL. Schoolwork!) Yeah, I know every one of you hates Duchess. I'm sure you'll like her in this chapter (I doubt it, LOL) Flushed Away is owned by (c)Dreamworks & (c)Aardman Chapter 8: Get 'em lads[Chapter 9] Sorry it took so long but I promise you guys I'll finish the whole story! So here's chapter 9! I'm half-way there! Enjoy! Flushed Away is owned by (c)Dreamworks & (c)Aardman Chapter 9: Parked The crew of the Jammy Dodger II managed to escape the clutches of the Toad's henchrats. As they continued their journey, they almost reached the strong and fast rapids of Hyde Park. But before they reached there, they parked the boat and dropped the anchor. Rita went down the engine room to check how much fuel the boat lost after the escape. On the upper deck, Roddy, Sid and Duchess were waiting for her to announced the status of the Dodger. Not for long, Rita went out the engine room. \"Good news, the Dodger still has enough gas to keep her running\" said Rita as she tightens the rubber band on her ponytail, but then her smile disappeared \"bad news, the battery on the engine needs to be recharge before we keep moving and those clowns might come looking for us\" she closed the hatch and continues to speak \"but this would be a good time for us to rest for a while\" \"Great! Now if you'll excuse me\" Sid tossed himself on a dry sponge at the back of the deck and began to snore, Rita and Roddy chuckled. \"Poor guy, I didn't know he was that tired\" said Roddy, he then turned to Duchess, resting her head at the edge of the boat \"How are you doing there Duchess?\" asked Roddy \"I'll be fine, I just need some rest\" said Duchess in a drowsy voice. She sat down on another sponge and closed her eyes to rest, she started to feel better now that the boat was parked. \"What was that all about anyway? I mean, it's weird that they were after your necklace\" Roddy asked Rita \"Good question, and whatever they're planning to do with it, it's not going to be pretty\" replied Rita, holding the locket. \"I'll stay in the engine room to watch the battery, call me if you spot them again\" Rita was about to go down in the engine room, but she stopped when Roddy called her. \"Hey Rita, do you think I should, well you know...um...steer the Dodger?\" \"Oh, not this again. No!\" \"Why not? Incase you didn't know I help build the boat\" \"Yes. But as your captain, I say that you're not ready to steer the Dodger\" \"A wise thought coming from someone who almost crashed a fishing boat\" said Roddy, it made Rita snapped. She's the kind of rat who would never give up without a fight. There was a moment of silence. Then the argument starts. \"Don't you say that in front of my face!\" \"And why shouldn't I?\" \"Because I say so. So shut up!\" \"I might if you tell me why I can't steer. Aside the fact because you're the captain and you say so\" \"What is it with you and steering?\" \"Well I don't know. It's because I can't take it off my mind\" \"Is that all? Well, I have something that will take your mind off it!\" Rita grabbed a mop and a bucket of water and tossed them to Roddy \"Swab the deck! I want it spotless by the time I get back!\" \"Fine! Try not to bump into anything while you're down there!\" \"Fine!\" Rita slammed the hatch closed \"Fine!\" Roddy shouted back. He muttered as he clean the deck with a wet mop \"Who does she thinks she is? That, that tyrant. If she wants it spotless, then I'll make it spotless.\" he swabbed back and forth with great force by his anger. From afar, Duchess just witness their argument and with that, she thought of a nasty plot. ------------------------------------ \"That Roddy, he's so annoying\" muttered Rita, marching towards the engine and checked the battery \"Great, it's not ready yet\" said Rita in frustration, she sat down on a crate and thought about the argument she had with Roddy. The fact is that she didn't let Roddy steer the Dodger ever since it was newly built. She was just afraid that he might scratch the paint or break the side mirrors of the boat. But what she feared the most was losing it. It's easy to blame him because of his carelessness. But then she remembered that both of them worked together on building the boat, and it is unfair for Roddy not to steer it, eventhough he isn't a professional driver like Rita. \"Maybe I was too hard on him\" she said \"I better apologize\" ------------------------------------ \"Is she always this bossy?\" Duchess starts a conversation with Roddy \"Yeah, but I've gotten used to it\" said Roddy while swabing the deck \"Roderick St. James you are such a pushover\" hearing those words, Roddy stopped his work \"No I'm not\" he said, but he has to admit being bossed by Rita, and holding a mop makes him look like a slave \"well maybe a little\" \"You know you could be free from all this work if you change your mind and come back home with me\" she said \"I won't change my mind Duchess, besides, I can handle a little hardwork. Especially the ones coming from Rita\" \"That's what I'm worried about. She's pushing you too hard\" \"Anyone can swab the deck, it's not that hard\" \"Oh first she tells you to swab the deck. Then the next thing you'll know, she tells you to clean this whole boat from top to bottom. Scrapping every barnacle\" said Duchess \"Look Duchess\" said Roddy, behind him Rita's head popped out from the hatch and overheard Roddy's conversation with Duchess \"I know that Rita is bossy, short-tempered, unladylike, arrogant, ill-mannered at times, and not to mention very stubborn--\" before Roddy could finish his sentence, he was interrupted by Rita behind him. \"And to think I came up here to apologize\" barked Rita \"instead I find you making up words behind my back!\" she snarled and went back below deck. \"Rita I didn't mean that!\" but she ignore him and slammed the hatch. \"Ooh, bad timing there darling\" said Duchess. Roddy stood still and stared at the hatch. He felt bad making her angrier than before.Duchess placed her hand on his shoulder to comfort him \"Tell you what, I'll help you\" she said \"How?\" wondered Roddy \"She just needs a little girl-to-girl talk\" Duchess walked towards the hatch and went down below deck. She finds Rita kicking some crates and throwing stuff against the wall to let her anger out. \"He's an idiot! Idiot, idiot, idiot!\" shouted Rita \"You're a grouchy rat, aren't you?\" said Duchess \"What do you want?\" said Rita in annoyance \"If you want to barf, do it outside\" \"Humph, I just came down here to cheer you up. Honestly, Roddy could blurt out the first thing on his mind\" said Duchess \"Surprising for me to hear that\" said Rita \"but I know he isn't a backstabber\" she then glares at Duchess \"Oh really? I can recall him saying bossy, short-tempered, unladylike. Hey! You know what, it sounds just like you\" taunted Duchess. Rita clenched her fist and started to tremble as if she wanted to punch her. But then she decided to stop and calmed down. She turned her back on her not to show her anger. \"The battery is almost full, tell the boys that we're leaving soon\" said Rita \"I will\" Duchess grabbed a small tube of strong glue from the shelf while Rita wasn't looking and went towards the ladder \"and you better not forget our deal, rat. Come to think of it, aren't you glad we made that deal? Nice necklace by the way, we could have avoid all this if you gave it up. It's a shame you didn't\" \"Sorry, this necklace is too special for me\" said Rita \"Whatever\" she then climbed up the ladder and went up deck. Roddy plunged the mop into the bucket of water and swabbed the deck. Duchess got out from the engine room and went towards Roddy. \"How's Rita?\" asked Roddy \"She'll be fine\" said Duchess \"she told me that we're leaving soon so you better raise the anchor\" \"Don't sweat it mate, I'll do it\" said Sid who just woken up from his sleep an raised the anchor. Duchess slowly went backwards towards the wheel and spread the strong glue around it behind her back. She went back towards to Roddy. \"Oh darling! She also said that you have to get something for her\" said Duchess \"What is it?\" asked Roddy \"No idea, but it's somewhere near the wheel I think\" said Duchess. Roddy went towards to the front of the boat and searched for the item he's looking for, but he doesn't know what to look. When he glanced at the steering wheel beside him, his attention was caught. The more he looks at it, he more he's tempted to steer it. He knows that Rita told him not to steer the boat, but he couldn't resist. He placed his hands on the wheel and pretended to steer it just for fun. He only played with it for a short while, when he was about to let it go, his hands were attatched to the wheel. He pulled his hands to break free, but the glue was too strong. \"No, no, no, I'm stuck\" Roddy panicked as he continues to struggle, but he accidentally kicked the lever beside him and the boat started to move. \"Uh-oh\" \"Hey Roddy\" said Sid \"I thought Rita was suppose to steer the boat\" but Roddy didn't answer him. He was too busy pulling out his hands that were stuck to the wheel. Soon the boat started to move faster, then he soon realizes it was carried by the currents. Just as soon as the boat started to pick up speed, Rita burst out from the hatch. \"What's going on here?\" shouted Rita. She turned to the steering wheel and gasped when she saw Roddy holding it. \"Roddy! What do you think you're doing?\" she scolded. Rita rushed towards Roddy and pulled him out, but she couldn't \"Nobody told you to steer, and not to mention starting it. Now let go!\" \"I can't!\" cried Roddy \"Yes you can!\" \"No! I really can't!\" \"I was going to forgive you for insulting me, but now I don't know if I'll forgive you for this!\" Rita pulled him harder than before, but he was still stuck. \"Please Rita, let me explain!\" said Roddy \"Alright, let's hear it!\" demanded Rita \"Well you see, it's--\" \"The rapids!\" cried Sid intercepting Roddy's sentence \"No! That's not it Sid\" said Roddy \"No! Look!\" Sid pointed the rapids in front of the boat. They all gasped in fear now that the boat was caught by the strong currents. There were two ways, one was the way to Kensington, and the other, which the strong currents came from, was a dead end. \"This is no time for games Roddy. Let go!\" Rita kept pulling him, but it was no use. \"Here, let me help\" Sid rushed towards them and helped. Both of them pulled together, Roddy finally broke free and the trio tumbled back. Rita rushed back to the wheel and steered it. The boat was almost at the gate of the tunnel, so she has to act quickly. She opened a case above her and inside was an emergency button to give the Dodger full speed. \"Hang on tight!\" she shouted. All of them held on to the boat. Rita pushed the button, skis came out of both sides of the boat, and big fans popped out from behind. Then the boat goes on hyper speed. Luckily, the Dodger's speed was fast enough to escape the strong currents, everyone still held on the boat as it continues to move fast and went the other pathway. When they were far from the current, not for long, the boat started to slow down, and everyone jumped for joy. \"Yeah! We made it!\" shouted Sid as he gave Roddy and Duchess a bear hug. \"I'm starting to feel nauseous\" said Duchess sarcastically \"Come on Rita, there's room for one more\" said Roddy. But Rita didn't say a word, she was still steering the wheel. \"Rita?\" he called her again, but she didn't respond. Starting to get serious, Sid lets them go and backed away. \"Rita it wasn't my fault\" said Roddy \"it was the wheel and my hands were suddenly stuck to it and--\" Roddy suddenly stopped, realized that eventhough he has an excuse, he still didn't follow Rita's order not to steer the boat. Ignoring every word he gave to her, she gave him the cold shoulder. \"Rita, I'm so sorry. I know you'll find it hard to forgive me. I was a fool\" said Roddy, but Rita still didn't respond. Defeated, Roddy went behind the deck and sat down quietly on the sponge. He buried his face on his hands to hide his regretful face and sighed. \"I must have missed a lot, what happened to them anyway?\" Sid asked Duchess \"Nothing important\" said Duchess and smirked The boat continued to move with the waters, but no one said a single word during the whole trip. I'm sensing errors in my story... If you find one please let me know by leaving me a review. Yes, please do that, it brightens up my day! Thankies![Chapter 10] Yes, yes, I know all of you want to kill Duchess (badly) because of the last chapter. I'm not telling you what's next 'cause I don't wanna be a spoiler. You have to read this chapter instead. :-3 Flushed Away is owned by (c)Dreamworks & (c)Aardman Chapter 10: Through the Tunnel In the floodgate control tower... \"They did what? You idiots!\" raged Fromage and split the desk in two by slamming it with his hand. Spike and Whitey were terrified by his intimidating tone and actions. They wanted to flee from him, but it will only make him more angry. \"I only ask you to steal a little trinket, is that too much to ask? Well, is it?\" Fromage's rage builds up, the both quivered as if Fromage was about to eat them. He was interrupted by Thimblenose Ted who just entered room. \"Excuse me\" said Thimblenose Ted \"What do you want? Can't you see we're in a middle of a conversation here?\" shouted Fromage \"Sorry. I just got a word that they went through the Hyde Park rapids\" immune to the French rat's intimidation, he said it calmly and straight. \"Hyde Park? But it's impossible to pass through the rapids\" said Spike \"But they did\" said Thimblenose Ted \"They did, huh?\" Fromage was deep in thought and a grin appeared on his face. \"My friends\" called Fromage and goes between Spike and Whitey to put his arms around their shoulders. \"I guess I underestimated our target. I have a plan, but for now\" he lets them go and opened his bag of jewels \"My little babies need their polish, yes you do, oh yes you do\" he began talking to his jewellery as if they are his children. \"Speaking of babies, we have to take care of the boss's\" muttered Whitey to Spike \"Do we have to?\" complained Spike, then he glanced at Fromage cuddling his prized possessions, which made Spike felt uneasy. \"Just back away Whitey, really slowly\" said Spike cautiously and the both went out of the room. ---------------------------- In the Jammy Dodger II, the sewer waters are quiet now that it's far from the rapids and they almost reached their destination point, Roddy's house in Kensington. But the crew of the boat were silent as the quiet sewer waters. Until a certain rat's stomach grumbled broke the silence. \"My tummy says it's lunch time\" said Sid \"Ugh, how long is this going take?\" complained Duchess \"I hate staying down here in this stinky place\" Getting the idea of having bad odour, Sid sniffed both of his armpits and shrugged. \"It's not me\" said Sid. Duchess rolled her eyes. \"It won't be long\" said Rita \"we just have to pass through that tunnel\" \"You mean that dark, damp tunnel up ahead of us?\" asked Duchess \"Yup\" nodded Rita \"You've got to be kidding me. Are we seriously going through there?\" \"Do you see any other way?\" asked Rita. Duchess was clearly scared of the dark, but she doesn't want to show her fear to anyone. So she has to think of an excuse. \"I suddenly feel peckish\" said Duchess \"where do you keep the food?\" \"Below the deck\" said Sid \"Oi Rita, I hope you don't mind us getting some grub\" \"I don't mind\" said Rita, both Duchess and Sid went down the engine room to eat. Roddy and Rita were both left alone. He sat down quietly from behind, and thinks of a way for Rita to forgive him. Now that both of them are alone, it might be his chance to end the fight between them. \"Hey Rita, have you heard the fly joke yet?\" said Roddy cheerfully, but Rita didn't reply \"No? Okay I'll tell you. Why did the kid blow up the house?\" he waited for her to answer, but she didn't \"because he wanted to see a housefly! Get it? House, fly\" but she didn't laugh, not even a chuckle. Even the slugs on the wall didn't laugh. \"I guess you've heard it before\" it was awkward for him, but he continued to speak \"Rita, I just don't want you to stay angry at me. I know I've said this before, so I'll say it again. I'm sorry, please forgive me\" Roddy sat down and turned his back staring at the water behind the boat, hoping his friend will talk to him again. As for Rita, the more she ignored him, the more it hurts inside. She couldn't help thinking if it was the right thing to do. Her conscience told her to forgive him, but she was too stubborn. Then a slug, riding on a lily pad beside the boat, began to hum and the other slugs nearby began to sing. (Song by Bryan Adams \"Please Forgive Me\") Please forgive me, I know not what I do Please forgive me, I can't stop lovin' you Don't deny me, this pain I'm going through Please forgive me, I need ya like I do Please believe me, every word I say is true Please forgive me... The song convinced Rita to forgive him. The slugs stopped singing as she pulled the brake and slows down the boat. She walked up behind the deck and stood in front of him. Roddy heard her footsteps and raised his head to her. \"Rita, I--\" \"I know what you're going to say so there's no need for you to say it\" said Rita intercepting his sentence \"and the answer is yes\" He was a bit confused at first, but she finally talked to him. Still, he wasn't sure if the fight has stopped. \"So, does this mean I'm forgiven?\" asked Roddy \"Just promise me you won't do it again\" she said \"Promise\" he said. Rita smiled and brought out her hand as a sign of truce. Roddy did the same thing and shook hands, he felt good now that he's free from his guilt. Then Rita pulled him out from his seat and led him towards the steering wheel. \"First-mate, today is your lucky day\" said Rita giving out a captain's tone \"You are now ready to steer the Jammy Dodger mark two\" \"You really mean it? I get to steer the boat?\" said Roddy who was surprised and amazed at the same time \"Who are you and what have you done to the captain?\" teased Roddy \"Hurry before I change my mind\" Rita teased back. Roddy was very excited about this. When his hands touched the wheel, he felt his adrenaline rushing into his body and wore a grin on his face. \"Now your first mission is to go through that tunnel, are you ready Rod?\" \"Ready as I'll ever be\" he said as he started the boat and steered the boat carefully. Rita was surprised he was actually doing well. He owned a car back at his old home, so it won't be a problem for him. It suddenly grew dark when they were near the tunnel, and Roddy was nervous about this. \"It's getting dark, I hope I can avoid the boat from crashing\" he said \"Don't worry, I'm here to help you out\" said Rita as she rested her hand on the wheel, but she felt Roddy's hand and quickly returned it. \"Oh sorry\" she slightly blushed \"That's okay\" Roddy was blushing, too. The two faced each other and saw their cheek turned red. The both sweetly smiled. They can't describe the feeling when they touched each other's hand. But it was the same feeling when they were alone having dinner last night, only stronger. Roddy goes back concentrating on steering and the boat went in the dark tunnel. The slugs, who were riding on a lily pad, followed them from behind and started to sing. (Song by Ben E. King \"Stand by me\") When the night, has come And the land is dark And the moon, is the only light we'll see Then a group of fireflies happened to passed by them. The group was forming a round formation, almost like a moon. It was beautiful to look at, but Roddy was startled when one of the fireflies played with him and goes back to the group. No I won't, be afraid No I won't, be afraid Just as long, as you stand Stand by me His startling made him stumble but Rita caught him by his shoulders. She chuckled when she caught him, while Roddy sheepishly smiled. He went back up to his feet and steered the boat. So darling, darling stand by me Oh, stand by me Oh, stand Stand by me, stand by me The song the slugs sang made Rita a little drowsy. She leaned at her left side without knowing she leaned on Roddy. He tilted his head and found her closer to him. Rita glanced at him then realized she was leaning on him and she immediately got up. The both blushed by embarrassment and turned away from each other, avoiding eye contact. If the sky, that we look upon Should tumble and fall For the mountains, should crumble to the sea Unexpectedly, a brick above the tunnel fell down in front of the boat and gave a big splash on the water. The both were wet. I won't cry, I won't cry No I won't, shed a tear Just as long, as you stand Stand by me Rita brought out two towels, one was for her and she playfully place the other towel on Roddy's head. He dried off his hair with a towel, but when he took the towel off his hair was messed up. Rita cracked up laughing and Roddy quickly tidied it up and continued steering. And darling, darling stand by me Oh, stand by me Oh, stand Stand by me, stand by me The sewer grew brighter now that they are almost out of the tunnel. Roddy was relieved that he didn't damaged the boat and it made Rita happy. \"Well done, that was excellent\" praised Rita \"Thank you\" said Roddy \"For everything Rita\" he smiled at her and Rita smiled back. Soon they caught each other's eyes and gazed longingly. Roddy couldn't help but noticed how beautiful Rita's bright emerald eyes were. Rita couldn't resist his charming smile, let alone his gorgeous brown eyes. As they continued to gaze at each other, a slight force attracted them, moving closer without knowing that their lips almost met. The moment was interrupted by the slamming of an open hatch. \"Oi Rita, where do you keep the napkins? And I save some food for...you...and...Rodders\" said Sid faintly and his were opened when he saw the both close together. \"Am I interrupting?\" \"Oh, not at all. Napkins you say?\" Rita panicked and backed away from Roddy \"They're in here somewhere, Roddy could you help me find them?\" she searched for the napkins while Roddy looked behind the deck. Sid on the other hand was suspicious at the both. He went to Roddy with a quizzical look. \"What's going on between you and Rita?\" asked Sid \"She's not my girlfriend\" blurted Roddy \"I never said that\" \"Right, awkward\" said Roddy and sheepishly smiled \"Found it\" yelled Rita and tossed it to Sid \"Gotcha\" he caught it and gave the plate of crumbs and nuts to Roddy. \"Don't worry mate, your secret's safe with me\" whispered Sid while giving him a pat in the back and went back below the deck. \"Oi Duchess great news\" said Sid jumping out the ladder \"You found the napkins?\" asked Duchess while drinking a hot tea \"That, and they finally stop fighting\" he said and Duchess spat out her drink \"What?\" snapped Duchess and climbed up the stairs above the deck. She slightly opened the hatch and took a peeked. She saw the both having a friendly chat while eating and it made her upset. \"This is not what I have in mind\" she muttered angrily[Chapter 11] Here it is! The chapter you've all been waiting for. But don't get too excited, okay? Flushed Away owned by (c)Dreamworks & (c)Aardman Aardman, please make a sequel. PLEASE!!! I'm begging you!!! Chapter 11: Friendly Fiend \"Just stop right--there\" Rita called out to signal her first-mate to pull the brakes and the engine of the boat stopped. \"Did I do alright?\" asked Roddy \"The gap is a little too far from the platform but I'd give it a thumbs up\" said Rita as she gave him a pat on the back. The both gazed at the manhole above them for a while, Rita started to blurt out a question. \"Roddy\" he tilted his head when she called his name \"Is there a time that you miss your old home?\" \"Now that you mention it, I do miss Tabitha, Sarge, and my red car--\" he grinned when he thought about those things, which made Rita a little disappointed \"Why do you ask?\" \"It's nothing, I was just curious\" Rita quickly turned her frown into a grin. Then Duchess went between them and wrapped her arms around them. \"Well isn't this nice\" said Duchess \"You two are finally talking again, I'm happy for the both of you\" her hug grew tighter which made the both felt uneasy. \"So, how are we going to get up there?\" \"I'm glad you ask\" Rita smirked \"could stand over there for me?\" Duchess followed what she said and stands on the center of the deck. \"Now what?\" asked Duchess. Rita moved the lever beside her and activated the mechanical hand. The hand grabbed Duchess and it threw her above the air that made her scream in fear. When she was at her highest limit, she reached the highest handle of the ladder and grabbed it. She held on it tightly and panted due to the after shock. \"Are you trying to give me a heart attack?\" she yelled. \"Yeehaw!\" shouted Sid as he sprang up in the air and grabbed the handle just below Duchess \"Let's do that again!\" he said eagerly. \"Aaah!\" Roddy did the same thing and grabbed the handle beside Sid. \"Here I go!\" Rita was also thrown above by the mechanical hand. She did a double somersault in the air before she grabbed the handle next to Duchess. \"Show off\" muttered Duchess. Rita went up first. She went out through a hole of the manhole, and then the rest followed. When they set their feet on the Kensington streets, Roddy immediately recognized his old home right in front of them. \"I wonder if Tabitha and her parents are in there\" said Roddy \"I think Nicole and the others went somewhere\" said Duchess \"Yeah\" said Sid \"They all went out to their grandma's this morning and they'll be back tonight\" then a crashing sound of a broken glass can be heard from inside. \"What was that?\" asked Rita. Roddy went closer to the house and investigated from afar. He then saw a figure behind the curtains in the window. \"There's a robber in the house\" said Roddy \"That devil! If he steals my food bowl he's a dead man!\" said Duchess and all of them went towards the house. \"Wait, there's something I've got to tell you\" yelled Sid who ran behind them, but they didn't hear him when they went in the cat door. They continued running but then Roddy realized something and made him stop. \"Wait a minute\" said Roddy. Rita and Duchess stopped from behind. \"What is it darling?\" asked Duchess \"Since when did the door have a cat door?\" then a meow can be heard from the other room and the three were stunned by fear for they know that frightening sound. Then Sid arrived last in the house and went to the group. \"Hey guys, I have to tell you that there's a--\" \"CAT!\" the trio screamed as the feline entered the room and spotted the rats. \"That's right\" said Sid \"And I have to--\" \"RUN!\" they all ran and hide under the sofa, except for Sid who stood in place. \"Run Sid! RUN!\" yelled Roddy. Sid ran away from the cat but it was too fast and it pounced on him. They all gasped when he was caught by the paw and couldn't move. \"10, 9, 8, 7--\" the cat made a countdown and its head slowly got closer to the struggling rat. \"We've got to do something\" said Roddy in a panicking tone \"But how?\" asked Duchess \"With these\" Rita found a pair of scissors beside her. They pointed the sharp end and aimed it at the cat. \"6, 5, 4--\" \"Charge!\" they all carried the scissor and charged towards it. The more they got closer to the cat, it's head got closer and slowly opened his mouth to Sid as if it was about to eat him. \"3, 2, 1\" the cat's grin grew wider, then he raised his paw in the air triumphantly \"I win!\" yelled the cat. \"You may have won the battle, but the war isn't over\" Sid yelled back. It surprised the trio and stopped where the scissor almost hit the cat. \"Whoa there you little critters, it's dangerous to run with a scissor\" he took the scissor from them and puts it aside \"You might loose your little heads\" he added \"This is insane!\" Roddy blurted out when he knew Sid and the cat are friends \"It's too late for him\" laughed Sid then the cat laughed with him \"And who are your little friends?\" asked the cat \"Don't be shy, I won't bite\" he added. Duchess introduced herself first. \"Mary Duchess St. James\" she said \"St. James, eh? Then we must be cousins\" he said \"Distant cousins\" stated Duchess \"Rita Malone\" \"Charmed\" the cat and Rita shook hands \"And this gentleman?\" \"Roderick St. James. And who might you be?\" asked Roddy \"Bubbles of Buckinghamshire St. James. Call me Bob for short\" he said then turned to Sid \"I've been looking for you everywhere Sid, where were you?\" he snapped \"That solves the robbery case\" Sid whispered to Roddy then turned to Bob \"I went with Duchess to the sewers to--\" \"Find poor and lost Roddy darling\" said Duchess intercepting Sid's sentence \"So now that we found him, everything will be back to the way it was before. So now Sid and Clarisse--\" \"It's Rita\" stated Rita \"Whatever, you are now going back to where you belong. In the sewers\" she said as she pushed them towards the front door. \"Hey wait\" said Sid \"I'm not going back down there. I like it here\" \"I just had enough of you Duchess, besides I'm going back\" Roddy snapped and grabbed Rita's arm. He went towards the door but Rita pulled him back. \"You're going back with me? I don't understand\" she said \"I thought Duchess told you about it\" he said. Then the both glared at Duchess, realizing that she lied to the both. \"What's the meaning of this?\" he asked \"Trust me, this is the best way\" said Duchess to Roddy \"I made a deal with Vicky--\" \"Rita\" stated Rita \"To bring the both of us back up here and never go back\" she said \"Rita, is this true?\" he asked Rita, who was deep in thought. \"You know what, this whole thing is stupid\" said Rita \"the deal's off princess\" then the both started to argue. \"What ever happened to Malones never go back on our word? \" said Duchess, but Rita didn't say anything about it. \"I knew it. You sewer rats are all the same never keeping any promises\" \"Well you pompous pet mice are all the same\" said Rita \"selfish, self-centered, whingy, untrustworthy, and more importantly, stupid rodents\" she yelled and the whole room was quiet after. \"All pet mice you say?\" asked Duchess with a smirk on her face. When Rita turned to Roddy, she realized not only she insulted Duchess, but him, too. Roddy became upset after the girls' argument. \"Roddy, I didn't mean that-- I mean, it was--\" Rita tries to apologize to Roddy, but he turned away from her. \"I've heard enough\" he said in a faint voice and walked out of the living room and went towards his owner's room. Duchess gave Rita another smirked and followed Roddy from behind. \"It's best if you give him time\" suggested Bob feeling pity for her \"Are you gonna be alright Rita?\" Rita nodded and went out the cat door. Sid was still standing, not knowing if he should stay or go. \"You should go to make sure she's alright\" said Bob \"She's a tough girl, she'll be alright\" said Sid \"Go or I'll have second thoughts about not eating you\" he said with a warning tone \"I'm going, I'm going\" Sid ran out the cat door and followed Rita back to the sewers. FYI, Duchess is Roddy's cousin (very distant cousin with the same family name), so don't get any ideas that Duchess and Roddy are married, okay? Bring in the reviews![Chapter 12] Here you go! I give you chapter 12. Well don't just sit there, read! Flushed Away is owned by (c)Dreamworks & (c)Aardman[Chapter 13] I am so sorry for the long wait folks. Oh well, better late than never I always say... Flushed Away owned by (c)Dreamworks & (c) Aardman Chapter 13: What's green and scary? The human mother took her purse from the table and the father puts on his coat, he then called both of his daughter and niece through the hallway. \"Tabitha! Nicole! It's time to go!\" \"Just a minute dad\" Tabitha said as she took a box of rat food and poured it on Roddy's food bowl \"I'm glad you got thinner Roddy. I'm beginning to worry that you'll be fat forever. We'll be back tonight so take care now\" she said and closed the cage \"I wonder where Bubbles went off to this time\" Tabitha muttered while carrying a bowl of cat food with her, but since she can't find her cat anywhere she puts the bowl down the floor. She then went to the guest room to call her cousin \"Nicole, are you done yet?\" \"Almost\" said Nicole after feeding her pet mouse \"Bye Duchess, be good now\" she said and went with her cousin out the front door. As soon as the car left the house, Roddy changed into his casual clothes and went out of his cage. When he left the room, a call caught his attention. \"Good morning darling!\" yelled Duchess \"Leaving already?\" \"Yeah, Rita's waiting for me there so I'm off then\" said Roddy and Duchess snickered. \"Oh, perish the thought!\" she said \"Why do you want to go back? You have everything you need right here\" \"You're always treating me like this and I can't take it anymore Duchess, I'm leaving!\" he said as he marched to the door but Duchess blocked his way. \"Over my dead body\" she said but then Bob ran through the cat door and crashed on her, and when he immediately stopped, Sid flew and landed on Roddy. \"Sid get off me!\" Roddy pushed his fat friend and the both got up \"Where's Rita?\" \"She's in big trouble Roddy, big, big trouble\" Sid said in a panicking tone \"And I need to work on my landing, my bum hurts\" \"How big?\" \"My butt?\" said Sid looking confused. \"No! I meant Rita\" \"It's those rats from before, they poisoned her with some cheese and kidnapped her. But that doesn't stop there, they said something about the cheese, and the city, and the big finale, and sleeping with the fish and-and-and-and-and-and--\" Sid was panicking but Roddy snapped him out. \"I've got to stop them\" said Roddy as he ran and Bob saluted him on his way out the cat door. \"Run Roddy! Run like their lives depend on you!\" shouted Sid \"Get off me\" a faint voice was heard and it came from under Bob. The cat didn't know that he sat on Duchess, then he immediately released her. \"Sorry young lady\" Bob apologized \"Where's Roddy?\" she asked \"He went back to the sewers to save Rita\" said Bob. After hearing that, Duchess looked angry and her rage started to build up. \"WHAT?!\" she screamed. Sid panicked and quickly hid behind the cat because of her reaction but Bob was confused \"Was it something I said?\" ------------------------------------ In the floodgate control tower, the unconscious Rita was lying down in the corner of the room. Moments later she began to gain consciousness but her vision was blurry when she first opened her eyes, she then heard a conversation nearby. And they were her least favorite people to be with right now. \"Is everything ready?\" he said with a French accent \"Not yet. We just have to wait for my cousin and we can commence my evil plan to get rid of those wretched vermins\" then the familiar deep voice was laughing manically \"Oh mon dieu \" Rita moaned when she tries to get up, but she couldn't because of the pain around her body. Then the henchrats noticed she was awake. \"Oi boss, she's awake!\" yelled Spike. The Toad walked towards the weak rat. \"It looks like our sleeping beauty just woke up\" he said \"You--\" Rita wanted to mock him but instead she moaned and the intense pain in her stomach made her roll into a ball. \"Ah, music to my ears. I'll be hearing more of that when every rat takes a bite out of that cheese just like the one you carelessly ate\" he grinned evily. Every word that he threw at Rita made her grit her teeth and fist, and got the urge to punch him, but she was too weak. \"So now I have to wait for my no good, tardy--\" \" Bonjour \" said Le Frog who was behind the Toad and it made him squeal like a girl \"Now that's music to my ears\" Rita scoffed and smiled weakly \"Le Frog mon ami !\" yelled Fromage \"Fromage mon camarade !\" shouted Le Frog. The both were about to hug but the Toad got between them. \"Did you bring it?\" the Toad asked Le Frog \"What a way to ruin the moment cousin\" said Le Frog in an irritated tone \"Of course I bring it, it's on the boat\" \"Perfect!\" he said \"Fromage--\" \"I'm way ahead of you\" said Fromage holding the poison in his hand \"I'll put it as soon as I get there\" \"It will soon be the dusk for those ignorant cheese-eaters, and the dawn of a new era shall soon rise to us amphibians! Oh, I'm so excited I'm getting goose bumps on my goose bumps\" said the Toad and he cackled all the way out the door. \"What a 'fruitcake'\" said Fromage \"Yes but he's my 'fruitcake'\" said Le Frog \"Let's end this quickly so me and my men can have breakfast\" Soon the room was empty and Rita was left alone in the corner, helpless. She had to stop them but everytime she tries to get up, her pain brought her down. She had done it several times, ignoring the pain, but her strength slowly disappears. In the city below, the crowd gathered at the Picadilly square. They all awed at the boat carrying a wheel of cheese that went towards them. As the boat arrived, Fromage came out with a microphone and introduced them the cheese they've all been waiting for. \"My fellow British friends...\" Fromage's voice could be heard by everyone, especially in the tower. When Rita heard the announcement, she lost all hope in herself as the pain grew worse by the minute. Right now she could only count on Roddy to foil the Toad's plan, if he knew his plan. But her instinct told her that he's coming, and it gave her a little encouragement. \"So who wants to take the first slice?\" shouted Fromage then he spotted a little rat in front of the crowd who happens to be one of Rita's brother, Jojo \"How about you little boy?\" he gave the slice of cheese to him. He almost ate it but he stopped when he heard a familiar horn sound approaching. \"They're back\" said Jojo. They all turn their attention on the Jammy Dodger II fast approaching as if it won't stop at anything. Officer Collin warn the boat to stop with his whistle, but it didn't work. The crowd gasped when the Dodger crashed on the boat. \"What is the meaning of this?\" said Fromage. And out the Dodger was Roddy. \"Lad, what have you done?\" said Mr. Malone \"Are we having a Tom Jones concert?\" yelled Granny \"I love you Tom!\" \"Everyone this is all a part of the Toad's trap\" said Roddy \"the cheese that he gave you is poisoned\" Everyone gasped and Jojo dropped his cheese on the ground. \"You are one loony rat my friend\" Fromage snickered \"and you are going to pay for crashing my boat\" \"In that case\" Roddy took a piece of cheese and gave it to him \"I hope you don't mind eating the first piece\" \"No, I couldn't\" \"Please we insist\" said Officer Collin. As soon as Fromage took the cheese, he secretly pour a little amount of antidote from his sleeve and ate the cheese. Everyone started to observe him and moments later nothing happend. Roddy was wrong. \"Mmm, delicious! Sorry to disappoint you my friend\" Fromage said to Roddy \"You must have mistaken me for someone else\" Roddy have nothing to say after he witness the French rat's innocence. Then he noticed a white gold chain sticking out of Fromage's back pocket when he turned his back. He snatch it without hesitation because he knew it was Rita's. \"Hey! Give that back!\" \"Where did you get this?\" asked Roddy \"It's none of your business, now give that back\" \"Wait! That's Rita's necklace, isn't it?\" said Mrs. Malone. Roddy nodded. \"This is ridiculous\" said Fromage \"Why would I steal her necklace?\" \"I never said you stole it\" said Roddy. Fromage was caught red-handed. He didn't have anything to say to cover the Toad's plan. \"Where's Rita?\" said Roddy scowling at him. Fromage slowly back away to the boat where the Toad is hiding under the covers. \" Mon ami , he's on to us\" he whispered \"Then let us commence plan B\" said the Toad and bursted out from the covers \"Le Frog!\" he shouted \"Henchfrogs attack!\" yelled Le Frog who was disguised in the middle of the crowd. Suddenly hundreds of frogs popped out from their hiding spots and it caught the rats off guard. Even the Toad's henchrats have joined the frogs. Seeing the crowd have no other way to escape, the Toad felt victorious. \"There's nowhere for you to run. You shall all perish!\"[Chapter 14] Alright! This is the chapter you've all been waiting for! First of all, I apologize for submitting it so late but I hope after you read this last chapter it's worth the wait...So READ! Read like your lives depend on it!! X-D Flushed Away is owned by (c)Dreamworks & (c)Aardman Chapter 14: Just the Beginning There was no escape. No place to hide. The frogs surrounded the terrified rats preparing to attack them. The amphibians moved closer, while the rodents just froze in fear putting an idea on their heads that they should give in and face the end. Roddy on the other hand didn't. He looked at the crowd feeling the need to give them confidence to fight back. \"Everyone listen\" Roddy called their attention \"We shouldn't give up and let the Toad win. Let's fight back!\" he was sure that his speech was convincing but it wasn't what he thought it would be. All the rats panicked and screamed. But they stopped when their ears were irritated by a loud screeching sound. It was Pegleg, a pirate-like rat with a hook as his hand and a pegleg as his foot, who made that sound by scratching his metal hook against the glass window. \"I don't know about you but I'm taking Milicent's word and fight to the end\" he said, \"Who's with me?\" \"Constable Collin reporting for duty!\" yelled Officer Collin \"We're with you lad\" shouted Mr. Malone and the rest of the Malone family were willing to join him. \"Don't forget us!\" shouted Tex in a Texas accent and jumped up and down to call the crowd's attention \"Finally some action!\" he added. \"Don't forget to smile Honey\" said Edna, Tex's wife carrying a digital camera. Soon the crowd changed their minds. Roddy was happy to see that little by little each of them decided to join the fight and take back their city. When they are all ready, Mr. Malone gave out the word to start. \"Charge!\" he shouted then they all ran towards the enemies. The frogs did the same. As they fight, the frogs used their kung-fu fighting moves, while the rats used their resourcefulness. Some of them dodged the attacks and fought back. The Toad's henchrats were helping the frogs but the slugs that were on the rat's side managed to distract them. As the battle continues, Roddy saw Fromage and the Toad got on the boat. He thought if he went with them he might find his friend Rita. Just when the boat was about to leave, Roddy snuck in and hid under the covers at the back of the deck. The boat left and moments later they arrived at the floodgate control tower. The Toad went in the tower first but Fromage stayed behind when he heard someone ran while dragging his feet and hid behind the crates. He suspected it was Roddy who was following them. \"You can stop hiding mon ami I know you're in there\" said Fromage then Roddy came out from behind the crates. \"Where's Rita?\" asked Roddy in an almost angry tone. \"Why should I?\" sneered Fromage. Roddy was furious. He rushed towards him and pinned him against the brick wall. \"Where is she?\" Roddy asked him again only louder and sounded angrier as if he was threatening him. Fromage could see the wild fire of anger in Roddy's eyes, but he was calm and poised even though he was threatened. \"Forget about her, she's dead anyway\" That was the straw. Roddy grew furious and punched him on the eye. Fromage too was furious when he was punched. His eyes were cold as ice, showing no emotion but anger. \"You're going to regret for that\" Fromage gave out a harsh punch that made Roddy fell on the ground. The two were fighting on the ground. They rolled trying to get the upper hand and scratched each other on the face. The fight was about to end when Fromage threw Roddy against the wall. Roddy was badly hurt. He tried to get up but the French rat kicked him on the stomach and fell back down the ground in pain. Fromage was holding a piece of shard that he picked up a while ago. He raised it above his head about to stab him in the heart. \"Don't worry, you'll join her soon enough\" But he stopped. Someone hit him on the head using a baseball bat! He dropped the shard from his hand and fainted. Roddy's pain has settled down and when he looked up he saw a familiar female rat holding the wooden bat. \"Duchess?\" Roddy couldn't believe his eyes. He shook his head but it was her \"What are you doing here?\" \"Keeping you out of trouble of course\" said Duchess \"And don't get any ideas of me saving your sewer friend, I still hate her\" Then something caught Roddy's attention poking out on the sleeve of Fromage. He took a closer look and took a vial. Then he recalled the trick Fromage used that he wasn't poisoned when he ate the cheese. \"This must be the antidote\" Roddy was happy that he found the cure, but he frowned when he knew it was now useless. \"But it's too late\" he muttered. Then a paper ball fell down from above and landed on Duchess' head. \"Hey! Do these people ever heard of trash cans?\" she was about to throw it in the water but when Roddy glanced at it, he immediately recognized the paper. \"Wait Duchess\" Roddy grabbed her arm and took the paper ball. He opened it and it was his letter that he gave to Rita. \"Rita, she's still alive\" he almost jumped for joy but there's no time. He has to move quickly if he's going to save her. \"Great\" Duchess was being sarcastic at first but she has no choice but to help him. That's the reason she came back after all. \"Go, I'm right behind you\" the both ran to the entrance of the tower but the fainted rat quickly gained consciousness and blocked Duchess' way. \"You think I'll go down that easily?--Think again\" said Fromage \"Bring it on French fries\" mocked Duchess \"there's more where that came from\" Roddy ran up the stairs to look for Rita. Since the paper ball fell down from above, he suspected that it came from the upper floor with an open window. He searched at every floor but no sign of her, but when he reached the highest floor he found an open window and below it was Rita lying on the ground. \"Rita\" he yelled as he ran towards her. Rita opened her eyes when her name was called and it wasn't a very good sign for her when Roddy ran to her. Even though she was weak, she used her little strength just to warn him. \"Roddy, it's a trap!\" she shouted. Then a long, elastic tongue shot out the dark corner and bind Roddy's neck. It made him choke and could hardly breathe. The source of the tongue came out from the shadows and broke out an evil laugh. The Toad grabbed Roddy's neck with his hand and returned his tongue back in his mouth. \"You two have been a thorn on my side ever since the World Cup, but I'm finally going to get rid of you for good\" said the Toad bringing Roddy to the open window. Rita tried to stop him by grabbing the amphibian's legs, but he kicked her aside. \"So rat, any last words?\" he asked. Roddy was struggling to broke free, but the Toad's grip was too strong \"No?--Goodbye\" he threw him out the window but didn't bother to look down and then he cackled now that he was victorious. Rita shuddered and tears flow through her face when she no longer heard her friend's voice, only the cackling of the evil Toad. He took out a mini radio to help him communicate with his cousin. \"How are things doing there Le Frog?\" he asked \"It's a disaster! We have to retreat!\" said Le Frog \"What?! But that's impossible, they're just rats\" \"That we underestimate. They almost took out all of my henchfrogs\" \"Fine, meet me back at the boat. Let's retreat for now and come back another time\" the Toad hanged up and turned to Rita. \"You're lucky your city is save for now and these are my last words for you--Goodbye vermin\" he left the room and Rita continued crying until she was unconscious, about to die. There was no hope for her. But wait! A hand just grabbed the windowpane. Since the Toad didn't look to see Roddy's falling death, Roddy was lucky to grab a rope that was tied to the window. He got in the room unharmed and rushed to Rita to give her the antidote. \"Rita\" Roddy put her head in his lap \"Rita it's me, I'm alright\" but she didn't reply. She laid still like there was no soul in her but he could still feel a weak pulse in her body. Roddy quickly pulled out the vial from his pocket and let her drank the antidote, but it slipped right through her lips. He didn't give up. His goal in mind was to let Rita drink the antidote, and so he will. Without any other choice Roddy drank the antidote but didn't swallowed it and brought her head closer and their lips met. He pressed his lips against hers and she finally drank the antidote. Now all he can do is wait and hope that she will get better. Moments later, Rita took a deep breath and opened her eyes. Roddy grinned widely and tears of joy almost flow on his face. Rita smiled when she saw his goofy yet charming face. They put their arms around each other and hugged tightly, wishing that time would stop and keep this feeling forever. Roddy stayed by Rita's side until she was completely cured and it only took a few minutes. The crowd cheered as the two stepped out the tower. They were speechless and they just smiled feeling appreciated. \"Well we certainly been through a lot today\" Rita whispered to Roddy \"What should we do now?\" \"Here's an idea\" said Duchess who popped out from behind \"Take me back home as a reward for saving your life\" \"For what?!\" Rita snapped then Roddy spoke for her \"I'm sure Rita would be happy to take you back home as soon as possible, right Rita?\" said Roddy. Then Rita had second thoughts. \"Right\" Rita said in a pleasant voice \"As soon as possible\" Duchess turned to Roddy. \"Are you sure you don't want to come back with me darling?\" she asked \"Sorry Duchess I'm still staying\" said Roddy \"Oh well, there's always next year\" Duchess went ahead to the Dodger first. \"Hey Rod I forgot to tell you something\" Rita said to Roddy \"What is it?\" he asked. Then she gave him a quick kiss on the cheek and whispered on his ear. \"Thank you\" she said. Roddy smiled embarrassingly and took the necklace from his pocket. \"You read the letter?\" asked Roddy \"Yeah and if you're going for romance ask my mum for help\" the both chuckled and continued walking until they got in the boat. So they left the city again to take Duchess back to the surface. Nothing happened much during the trip. The city is save and the rats continued on with their normal lives and such. But they never knew while the Toad is hiding in the deepest parts of the sewer, he's plotting another diabolical plan, which is worse—Much worse. Well, that's the end of the story. But the adventure still continues... ","Summary":" Okay, I'm a little nervous about this... This is actually my very first story I have ever written i"},{"Movie":"Flushed Away","Title":"Hooked","Author":"Toxic Black Rose","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/3546168","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: I do not own Flushed Away . If I did, there'd be a sequel out. I'm only guessing the names of Rita's siblings so just shut up. This is my first Flushed Away story so please be nice to me. Plot: When Rita has a life threatening nightmare, she ignores it, until her roommate gets murdered. If she spoke up, she would die. But if she was quiet, she'd let the Toad take over herself. Can Rita find a way to save her family, and get her life back? A pair of green eyes open. They vision a different sight from the last one they closed on. Rita Malone was on the Jammy Dodger II . She sat up. It looked around three in the morning. The rat city across the lake was a ghost town in her eyes. Every single street light was off. The only place lit, was the bottom floor of Le Toads old hideout, the city Floodgate. \"Roddy?\" She doesn't hear a respond. \"Roddy!\" she yells. She looks for him but he's nowhere to be found. She realizes that she was all by herself. She goes to the steering wheel then see's that the key is not in the initiator. She looks for it. It must have fallen in the water. Rita slipped and fell as the boat made a sharp turn and sped off towards the Floodgate by itself. She gets up and stomps on the break. It wouldn't stop. It takes a sudden chest pounding stop. Rita realized that it changed. Behind the fence were toads. Young ones. Two were fencing, one was cutting off doll heads, and another one catching flies with his tongue. Twenty or so tadpoles were swimming in a pond. She thought about leaving… then again, why were the lights blazing in the basement? She notices that there was a front entrance on the ground. She gets off the boat and see's a little girl guarding the front door. She was a rat, just like Rita. They shared the same hair and eyes. The little girl's hair was tied in a ponytail with a green ribbon tied to it. Her dress was green likes Rita's sweater with ruffles hanging down and the ribbon around her waist was like the belt Rita wore. Her stockings looked like the flag of the United Kingdom and she had on grey sneakers. She stands there like a statue. \"Go back.\" She tells Rita. \"What are you doing here?\" Rita asks. \"This place is dangerous. You have to leave. Come with me.\" \"I can't.\" she says. \"I'm doomed.\" \"What are you talking about?\" The door creaks open. \"I have to go.\" The child walks in. \"Stop!\" Rita screams. \"Don't go in there!\" Rita runs in. As she turns her back on the door, it shuts immediately. She turns to see it disappeared. Instead of panicking she calls for the little girl. Rita walks down the stairs into the basement. \"Little girl?\" she calls. She's never been in the basement before. The room had electric chairs, chains hanging from the walls and ceilings and this giant steel door that said, \"Danger: Very Hot!\" She opens it to see that it was a miniature human oven. There was something on the bottom shelf, wrapped up in a wool blanket. \"Don't go in there.\" The little girl stood behind her. \"You'll get locked in. You'll burn to death.\" She points at the wool. \"Just like him.\" The blanket flew off by itself, as if a ghost was moving it to reveal a burned corpse. The oven rack sprung in front of her that it knocked her over and burned her chest. She hit the stone wall, slamming her spine violently. The corpse fell out and landed right in front of her feet. It was familiar. \"Roddy!\" As she saw the remains of her first mate, she heard stomping from upstairs. \"Le Toad knows you're here.\" She could hear him coming down the steps. Rita looks to see the little girl disappeared. Rita spotted a door ahead and opened it, right as the monster got into the basement. The hall she faced was not very wide and had a lot of objects blocking the way; bottle caps, jewels and straws most of the time. She throws a few jewels behind her so get them out of her way. The killer burst through the door. Rita tripped on a bottle cap and hit her stomach, like a hammer was pounding it. But lucky for Rita, there were two stairways. Hopefully, he'd go through the wrong door. She picks left and silently shuts the door behind her. She sighed in relief, until she realized she should have picked right. The girl from was hanging right in front of her… with a hook through her neck. Her eyes were wide open. They blink for a slight second. \"This is what he does to us rats.\" The girl says. \"He freezes us, burns us, and hangs us.\" The atmosphere of the room was filled with dead rats, hanging from hooks. She saw her mum, and dad and every sibling she ever had. She wanted to faint at this time. Then she hears the knob twisting. She feels her feet freeze. She see's them locked to the ground with ice. She tries to break free but cant. The door knocks down. She hears footsteps like a person walking on land in flippers. \"Rita…\" The voice was so familiar. \"Rita, Rita, Rita.\" It puts a slimy arm around her shoulder. She could feel the stench of flies on his breath. He puts his lips close to her ear and says: \"It's so good of you to return and see my new collection.\" \"Le Toad!\" \"Hello Rita.\" He turns around and looks at her strait in the eye. He was still the same ugly fat-slimy-airbag she knew before. But one thing changed. In his hand, was a fishing hook. She screams as he puts a hand on her neck. \"Don't scream, Rat.\" \"What have you done?\" she screamed. \"I want my family and first mate back!\" She tried to stop him. She punched him in the chest but she ended up breaking it. He had his hand squeezing her neck. Rita screamed again as he gently scratched the blade of the hook against her neck. A huge rip opened and blood spews out like a fountain. \"Now pay attention, captain.\" Le Toad sneers. He puts his hand on her chin and looks her in the eye. \"If you tell anybody about this nightmare, all of this will come true.\" \"And if I keep it quiet?\" Tears of fear and pain were swelling up in her eyes, as Le Toad wrapped his long tongue around the rip and began to feed on her like a vampire. \"Wake up Sleeping Beauty.\" Rita's eyes snapped open as her friend flicked the light on. She started panting. \"Are you ok?\" he asked. \"What time is it?\" she asked him. \"Ten.\" \"That's nice.\" She rolled away from him. \"That's it.\" He kneeled on the bed and started to tickle her—her greatest weakness. Rita squeaked with laughter. \"Roddy!\" she screamed. \"Stop!\" \"Get out of bed and I might!\" She bounced up. \"Are you serious? Is it past ten?\" \"Indeed.\" Rita examined the room. She shared it with five other sisters and their beds were made and their nightgowns were nicely folded. It wasn't like Rita to wake up late, but she was up at a restraint with Roddy. Rita dropped her white nightgown on the floor, placed on her Union Jack Pants, fixed her ponytail and pulled on a white bathrobe like Roddy's with the \"R\" only in black. Her sisters' suitcases were closed and ready. At the table, chatter about school was the main subject. \"Why are all the kids packing up?\" Roddy asked. \"Boarding school.\" Mrs. Malone explained, feeding a bottle to one of her babies. \"I have so many kids to take care of as it is. And thanks to your ruby, wed have the money for it.\" \"Is Rita going? I thought she graduated already.\" \"Well, she skipped school last year to help us out.\" Roddy remembered that well. Rita told him all about her adventures, with her father. How her broke all his bones, how a toad tried to kill her, and the ruby which turned out to be fraud. Finding the ruby which she thought was real and being chased by a toad. Rita came walking down the stairs. \"Good morning everyone.\" She says with a smile. She sits down in her usual seat next to Roddy. \"Well, now that everyone's here.\" Said Mr. Malone. \"Anyone dream last night?\" Children were screaming at the same time. \"Everyone quiet down!\" Mr. Malone demands. \"Let's start with Rita, since she didn't scream.\" \"Hmm?\" Rita turns around to look at him. \"What did you dream about last night?\" Rita puts her elbow on the table and uses her hand to hold onto her head. If you tell anybody about this nightmare, all of this will come true. \"I didn't have any dreams last night.\" She said. \"Alright. I admit it. I had a dream that we built a cruise ship and everybody in town went aboard.\" \"Well that's wonderful.\" Her mother said. \"Why wouldn't you tell us before?\" Rita shakes her head. \"Pass the tea.\" She demands. She pours it into her cup, but doesn't sip it. As side conversations went on, Roddy put an arm around Rita's shoulder. \"Are you alright?\" he asked. Rita looked up at him and smiled. \"I'm quite alright.\" She says. \"So you coming?\" \"Where?\" \"I need to get some things for school.\" She says. \"Some clothes and school supplies. Do you wish to come?\" \"Of corse.\" He says. \"Good.\" Rita gets up and walks upstairs. \"Rita!\" her sister Mimi calls. \"You never touched your tea.\" \"I'll have it in a moment.\" Rita leaves the kitchen. Roddy stared at her plate. \"Needless to say, she hasn't even eaten.\" \"Don't worry about her, Rod.\" Said Mr. Malone. \"She usually gets ready for the day before breakfast.\"[Chapter 2] Rita pulls her hair back and looks in the mirror. If Le Toad said something about the nightmare happening, then did something happen to her while she was asleep too? She looked at the spot on her neck that he scratched. Nothing changed. She went back downstairs. \"Once I finish high school, we can go sailing again.\" She tells him, minutes later. She parks by the edge of the city park.[Chapter 3] Henapproaches her calmly. Rita stands up and waits for him to comencloser. When he faced her, all he did was stare at her. Wasn't hengoing to kill her? Rita saw him pull something out of his coat. Shenthought it'd be a knife or a gun but strangely, it was a block ofncheese. Cheese?nWhat was a murderer doing with cheese? He puts it in her face andnsays, \"My dear, you look starving. Have some cheese.\" Ritancouldn't resist cheese. Like other mice, she loved it. She wasnaddicted to it like a drunk was addicted to beer. The man puts itncloser to her eyes and moves it left to right. Herneyebrows lowered. She wasn't going to buy that. The cheese couldnhave been poisoned or worse. Like serving a volleyball, she smackednit out of the mans hands and kicked him in the stomach. \"What arenyou doing on my boat?\" she snapped. \"Nobody invited you on board.nHoppit!\" \"Inwould.\" The man said. \"But I have to complete what I came herenfor.\" \"Takenoff your coat.\" She sneers. \"As younwish Captain!\" he bows gracefully and unbuttons the trench. Shencould see his hands were green and wet. His coat dropped to thenground like a snake shedding its skin. \"Inknew it.\" Rita pulls the needle from her belt loop. \"I knew youndid that. Why did you kill him?\" \"Rodricknis not dead.\" Said Le Toad. \"Yet. You see dear, once I kill you,nI'll be off to kill him as well.\" \"Thatnwon't be necessary.\" Said Rita calmly. \"None of that's gonnanhappen. Now, is there something you need from me? Maybe a fake rubynor a Master Cable?\" \"WhatnI want is not tangible.\" Said Le Toad. \"And I really must benoff.\" \"Thennget out of here!\" \"Asnyou wish.\" He grins, \"But first…\" Hisntongue flies out. Rita dodges it. No matter where he aimed, henmissed. Then, he finally caught her and wrapped his tongue around hernwaist, lifting her off the ground and bringing her close to him. \"Yes!\"nhe cheers. It was hard to understand him at that point, but Rita knewnwhat he was saying. \"I, Prince Le Toad, have finally captured NigelnMalone's daughter, and I'm about to fulfill my dream and killnher!\" Screamingnwas a great idea now. But Rita wasn't a damsel in distress. As anMalone, she would never scream like a sissy girl. Her father alwaysntaught her to fight back at enemies. She had the needle in her hand.nLe Toad wrapped both hands around her neck and began to choke her.nHer arm was quivering, as she lifted to weapon in the air. Shenstabbed him in the wrist, causing him to let go. His tongue was stillnaround her, so she pierced that many times. When she was free, shenpulled on the tongue and stabbed it several times more. As blood camenout of his mouth, Rita never felt so great about herself. This Toad.nThis toad prince, standing right in front of her with weak hands andna bleeding tongue, spent over a year, hiring hit men, plotting andnattempting to destroy her own kind. But what made her outraged wasnthe thought of having to visit and prey to forty graves, maybe fortynone. \"I'venhad enough with you!\" she screamed. \"For over a year now, Incouldn't sleep safely because I was afraid that you'd come andnget me. It's not our fault that you ended up down here!\" She kneeledndown and stabbed him in the left eye. She would sure have to explainnto Roddy why there was so much blood on the dock. \"And thatnruby!\" she continued. \"Belonged to my father! He's the one whonfound it, not you! You tried steeling it from us, claiming that it'snyours because it fell from Buckingham Palace, and that just happensnto be where you once lived! No matter what my father and I did, younkept on coming back to harm us even more!\" Shenstabbed him in the next eye, this time harder. \"Andnone more thing.\" She said. The needle went up above her head. Thennit shot right down. \"Go to hell!\" The needle went right intro hisnheart. Seconds later, Le Toad was dead. Rita drops the needle innsurprise. Inkilled him! She alwaysnwanted him gone, but not dead necessarily. The first commandment innthe Bible was, \"Thou shall not kill\". She presses her handsnagainst her head. Oh God,nJesus, Grandfather, please forgive me! Sure, he wasna bad man, trying to ruin her life and what she treasured most. Butnshe began to feel this strange, painful emotion called guilt. Butnthen she thought… Has thisnairbag ever done anything good for me? Let's see, he broke everynbone in my father's body, tried to kill me, tried to wash away mynfamily, tied me to a pipe twelve feet in the air, stole my father'snruby, nearly iced me, and a few minutes, he attempted to choke me! Isnthere any good in that? Why am I so guilty? Am I going to getnarrested for this? She looked atnLe Toads body, blood leaking to her knees. She wondered if Roddynwould react angrily. She picked up his trench and threw it off board,nthen dragged his body below deck. Taking one of the shopping bags,nshe carefully removed her homecoming dress and hung it to thenceiling, hoping it wouldn't get dirty. She strokes the fine fabricnfondly. Then she wrapped the bag around Le Toad's body and wentnback up to clean up the mess. Where was thenmess? The one spot, where she stabbed him to death, was clean andnsparkly as Roddy's old cage. Speaking of which, he was walking onnboard. Sharon and Daisy were beside him, laughing and having a greatntime. Daisynnoticed that Rita was panting right away. She didn't look too good.nIt seemed like Rita was seeing a ghost. \"Rita,nwhat's wrong?\" she asked. \"I wasnwatching the news.\" Said Rita. \"I swear to God, I thought younguys were dead. Two ladies and a gentleman were murdered today at thenJewelry store.\" \"It'snok Rita.\" Said Sharon. \"None of us were there.\" \"Inthought you were dead.\" \"Inbet their nobody we know.\" Said Daisy. \"Now are you ok?\" \"Yes,nI'm feeling much better now.\" She gives them a warm smile, butnRoddy could hear her heart beating. He reached out and put his handnon her forehead. \"Werengonna go now.\" Said Sharon. \"See you guys at the party tonight?nBye.\" Shengrabs Daisy's hand and walks off with her. \"What'snwrong Rita?\" Roddy asked. \"C'mon, tell me.\" \"Nothing. I just nearly had a heart attack.\" I killednhim, Rodrick! I killed Le Toad! He was the man in the trenchcoat andnhe was the man behind the murder! I didn't mean to! I swear to Godnbut he was trying to kill me! He'd kill you too! Thatnwas supposed to be said. Keepnit to yourself Rita. Guidance was saying to her. She didn'tnknow if it was an angel or a devil, but whatever it was, she wasnlistening to it. Nobody will even care. \"I'mnfine.\" She says again. \"Let's go home.\" She stoppednworrying all of a sudden and thought about the positive side. Hardlynanybody in the city knew who Le Toad was. Even if they did, shendidn't think that Officer Collins would arrest her for murder,nespecially when Le Toad tried to drown them. And now, she could go onnwith her life without any of his tricks. What about Spike and Whitey?nThimblenose and Ladykiller? Le Frog even? She expects that none ofnthem will dare to come near her. And besides, imagine he was gone andnkill off other rats afterwards? If yes, she seemed to imagine hownmany lives she saved. But whatnabout Roddy? What if he goes below deck? Oh crap! \"Do notngo down there.\" She warned. \"Just don't.\" \"Why not?\"nRoddy asked. \"BecausenI said so!\" she snapped. \"All my stuffs down there and I don'tnwant you looking at them!\" \"Inget it.\" He said. \"Woman and their clothes.\" \"I'vengotta pack them. The parties in five hours. What took you so long?\" \"Nownthat's what I was wondering.\" Said Roddy laughing. \"I thoughtnit would be quick, but there are a lot of people looking for homesnand jobs.\" \"Anynluck?\" \"Yes.\"nSaid Roddy. \"I have a job on campus at the bar.\" \"Wait.nYour working at my school?\" \"What'snthe problem? I'm not gonna be your teacher.\" \"There's no problem with that, in fact its good. I'll be ablento see you more often then I thought.\" Shensteers the boat home as their conversation went on. Seems like theyngot over Rita's incident. But Roddy still wanted to know why shenwas scared. Even though she didn't admit it, he could tell she wasnonce worried. Dinnernwasn't going to be served at the party, so Roddy and Rita ate atnhome. In the house hold, there were two dinners. The little kids atenfirst, then the preteens and older ate. Rita sat by Roddy with antadpole on her plate. She could hear some kids upstairs practicing onntheir musical instruments. Her sister Annie asked if she could putnRita's hair in French braids, to go with her baseball cap and Ritanapproved. \"Twonwords Rita.\" Annie explains trying to run the brush through Rita'sntangled hair. \"Hairspray!\" \"That'snone word.\" Rita corrected. \"Thennmay I say it twice?\" \"My, mynRita.\" Roddy cut her off. \"Your hair looks so lovely when it'sndown. Why don't you ever wear it down.\" \"Becausenit attracts guys.\" Said Liam. \"Younshoosh!\" Mr. Malone said. \"We are not making jokes!\" \"I justndon't like it down, that's all.\" Said Rita. \"Rita.\"nThe 18 year old looks at the 13 year old. \"Are you going tonhomecoming and prom this year?\" \"YesnI am.\" Said Rita. \"Every senior goes.\" \"Because you didn't go to junior prom or the last threenhomecoming dances. Not even Sadies, or the Winter Ball.\" \"I'mngoing to make it to all of those. Believe me, I think it's time fornme to soften up a little bit.\" \"Meaning…\" \"I'mngoing to those dances, with curled hair and I'm buying nice dressesntoo.\" The roomnhad gone silent. Two boys who were wrestling stopped. The kid on thenceailing with rubber suckers fell to the floor and Mimi dropped herntea cup. \"Didnyou just say you were going to dress up?\" Mrs. Malone asked. \"Only atnan occasion. I don't see what the big deal is.\" Annienhanded her a mirror and Rita looked at herself, smiled and put herncap on. \"Thanknyou dear sister, you are the best.\" Ritanpats Annie's head and gets up. \"Roddy,nI'll be waiting for you in the boat.\" \"I'llnbe there in a moment.\" He promised. \"Don'tnyou dare think about getting drunk at that party!\" Mr. Malonenyelled. \"Dad,nplease, I would never.\" Shenlooked at all the kids in the room. All these children looked up tonher. She was their greatest role model. She always had to watch overnthem, give them advice, and sometimes had to sing lullabies. She feltnlike both a sister and a mother. Ritansighs and shuts the door. Inhave to get this done quick, before he comes out! She runsnbelow deck and grabs the bag holding Le Toad's dead body. Blood wasnstill coming out of him. She clings on to him and tries to lift himnup. He must have weighted at least three pounds. Rita weighed fifteennounces. Skinny for an eighteen year old mouse but normal. She lost anlot of weight like most of the family members when they were nearlynbroke. She lifts him up on board and pushes him up. Myngoodness! She thought impatiently. She counted to three in hernhead and gave him a massive push. The bag slides on board. She climbsnup the ladder and picks him up again. \"Oknhandsome, time to walk the plank!\" she pushed him off the boat. Anhuge splash was heard as Roddy stepped out… Now if younsee any mistakes tell me. And another thing I want you all to know…nI'll be in Canada for a month and won't be able to update.nChapter Four might go up by Friday, but it might not. Also anothernthing to point out; this kid called Gabriel made a MySpace for Rita.nJust go on \"people\" and type \"Rita Malone.\" It's the onenthat says \"Bristol England\" somewhere. Don't tell him about menbut he's obsessed with her. Read her last blog, it's crazy and itnkind of upset me.[Chapter 4] \"You can see the lights from here.\" Said Rita pulling into a space. Coming early would have been wiser. It took her ten minutes to find them a space. The whole park was full of students. Seeing all these kids made Roddy nervous. Some of them looked mean. \"Do you know anybody else besides Sharon and Daisy?\" \"Yes.\" \"Are they nice?\" Rita looks at him in surprise. \"Of corse.\" She laughed. \"Just stay with me. I'll introduce you to all of them.\" Rita runs off to talk to Sharon as she comes in sight, wearing the same outfit as before. \"About time you came!\" she screamed. \"Where's Roddy?\" \"Right here!\" Roddy shouts running up to them. Sharon picked up one of Rita's braids and ran a finger through it. \"Who did your hair?\" she asked. \"My sister.\" \"Which sister?\" \"Annie. Why?\" \"Because their awesome!\" Sharon complements. \"Wanna hit the dance floor? Have some Blue Ram?\" \"Yes, Blue Ram sounds great. Would you care for one Roddy?\" \"Sure. I'll try it.\" \"Alright then.\" Sharon smirks. \"Two Blue Rams then.\" Rita feels something cling on to her. It falls over her and giggles. It was Daisy. \"Happy Twelth Grade!\" she cheered. \"Nice hair. Would you like to go on a blind date?\" \"No.\" said Rita. \"He's really cute.\" Diasy tried to convince. \"And the funny thing is, his name is Abraham Lincoln, like the American President.\" Rita laughs. \"Does he wear a top hat and have a black beard?\" Roddy asked laughing with her. Rita was laughing so hard, that she took Roddy's hands and they starting spinning around saying, \"Mr. President!\" \"Nope!\" Daisy jumped grabbing her hand. \"Come meet him!\" \"Not now Daisy.\" Said Rita. \"I just got here.\" \"Need a drink?\" \"Sharon's got that handled.\" Sharon steps out with two cans and hands them to the guests. \"When your done, show us what you can do on the dance floor.\" She said. \"Roddy said you can really move. Is it true that you guys once danced?\" \"Yes.\" Said Rita. \"The Jammy Dodger II opened.\" Right at that moment, Roddy spits out his drink. He hated it. \"Well get your booties on the dance floor!\" Daisy screamed. Taking their hands like a little girl and brought them to a random spot on the floor. \"I Like to Move It\" was playing through the speakers. \"Please.\" Said Rita. \"They can be real silly sometimes… let's dance!\" \"How much of that stuff did you have?\" \"One sip!\" she laughs. \"Tell me something Roddy. Do you like to move it?\" \"I guess.\" He said unsure. He turned to see this real crazy rat, wearing all black. He had light sticks hanging over them like a Flapper Girl Dress. All of his jewelry was glowing too. It was Harold, the boy that cried about the flood several times. \"Ello Rita!\" he cries, noticing her. \"Have a light stick!\" \"Thank you.\" Said Rita. She took one from his pockets. \"This is Roddy.\" \"Roddy! We've met before I believe!\" \"You have?\" Rita looked at Roddy in confusion. \"You were the loony in that really fancy suit. You called me a whacko!\" \"My, my.\" Said Roddy. \"I'm very sorry. It was my first time in the city and that scared me.\" \"Beginners luck.\" Said Harold. \"At least Collin didn't arrest you.\" \"You told him to keep an eye on me.\" \"Sorry bout that mate. But now you get by more, right?\" \"A lot better.\" Said Roddy. \"Rita!\" Daisy grabbed Rita's shoulder. \"Come meet the president.\" \"What the big deal?\" Rita asked annoyed. \"I'm busy right now.\" \"He's really eager to meet you.\" Said Daisy. \"Well if he thinks it's important, then make him come here.\" \"Whatever's best for you.\" She walks off. Then turns around. \"You'll like him.\" She said. \"Promise you.\" I don't care about some boy you met! Harold was off dancing with another friend. Roddy, was no where in sight. \"Roddy!\" She spotted him… with the girl she truly hated; Sasha. This was absolutely shocking. Sasha was flirting with him. Rita approached them when she was tapped on the shoulder. She turns to see the young man, taller, very fit and handsome. He had the same eye color and red hair, tied in a ponytail. His purple long sleeved shirt was almost completely unbuttoned showing off his nicely worked on abs. His jeans were about as nice. \"Are you Rita Malone?\" He defiantly didn't have the accent. It wasn't in Rita's nature to go crazy over guys but this one seemed different. \"Yes I am.\" She answers. \"Who might you be?\" \"Didn't your friends tell you about me?\" \"Yes they said something… Abraham?\" \"Abraham Lincoln, madam.\" Rita starts laughing. \"Pleasure to meet you, Mr. President.\" Said Rita. \"So when did you get here?\" \"Just yesterday.\" Said Abe. \"I moved here from America. Atlanta to be exact.\" \"How'd you get here alive?\" \"I snuck on a human airplane.\" Said Abe. \"With my parents.\" \"Do you know anybody here?\" \"Only a few people.\" He said. \"Funny! I have a friend who hardly knows anyone here too! His names Roddy.\" \"I don't think I've ever heard of that name. Was he a pet?\" Rita felt like she was humiliating Roddy. \"I don't know.\" She lied. \"Ask him yourself. I'll introduce you.\" \"I'd like to meet him.\" Said Abe. Roddy was still at the same spot, with the same girl. When Abe saw them he asked Rita if Roddy had a girlfriend. She said they'd find out. \"There you are, I've been looking all over for you.\" She said, walking towards Roddy. \"How's your chat?\" \"It's going alright.\" Said Roddy. \"Who's this?\" \"This is Abraham. He moved here from the sewers of Atlanta.\" \"New to the place? So am I.\" The girls watched them. \"Are you now officially his girlfriend?\" Rita asked Sasha. \"Why is that any of your concern?\" \"Roddy is my first mate. Trust me, I wont tell.\" Rita hated Sasha because Sasha looked and seemed to act like a hooker looking for sex. But when Rita finally saw her in person, she realized that she might have been wrong before. \"Ok, I think he's cute.\" She said. \"How long have you known him?\" \"Oh, a few weeks ago. Were like brother and sister now.\" \"Then I hope you don't mind that I slow dance with him.\" Right then, a slow tune did come on. The lights dimmed out. Sasha's response was short, probably meaning that Rita was right before. She watched her pull Roddy out to the dance floor. Roddy didn't seem to mind much because he was holding her hand. She stood there, next to Abraham, hoping he wouldn't ask her. Slow dancing not only gave her butterflies but she would literally get sick. She finishes the rest of her drink and presses the can against her forehead \"Wanna dance?\" he asked. Rita then really wanted to scream. She liked this boy though so she said yes. He takes her hand and walks her to the very center. They get into position. They were silent. Rita wasn't looking at him; she could feel her stomach evaporating. \"Are you ok?\" he asked. She looked over his shoulder to see Roddy. He was talking to Sasha, looking right at her and laughing. When he sees her he smiles. Sasha turns around. \"How's he doing for you?\" she asks. Rita starts taking deep breaths but that's not working. \"She's gonna barf!\" Sasha told Roddy. \"Oh no.\" he mumbles. \"I'm very surprised.\" \"Excuse me.\" Said Rita to Abe. \"I need to go!\" She pulls away from him and runs off the floor, pushing a few people and mumbling apologies to a trashcan. She clung on to her chest and threw up. When she was done, she sat down on the porch. Then she laid her head down miserably. My God, he must hate me for that! She thought. School hasn't started yet, but this could have been her only chance to get a boyfriend. Not that it mattered or anything. She's wondered what it was like to date. And Abraham seemed like somebody who could take her to homecoming. \"What happened?\" Rita nudged her head up and opened her heavy eyelids. Sharon was standing beside her. \"He hates me now.\" She said. \"Roddy?\" \"No. Abraham.\" \"Ah ha!\" Sharon exclaimed. \"I knew you'd like him! He's very cute!\" \"And because of that, I nearly threw up on him!\" Rita says, laying her head back down. \"Relax. He'll forgive you.\" Sharon leans in. \"And during the movie, he might ask you to sit with him.\" \"Can I ask you something?\" \"Certainly.\" \"Were you and Daisy trying to set me up?\" Sharon doesn't speak. \"Tell me.\" Said Rita. \"I'm not mad.\" \"Yes. We met Abraham at the mall and we got into a long chat. He asked if we knew any redheads and we told him all about you.\" \"Well thank you for telling the truth.\" \"Are you ready to go back there?\" \"I should probably apologize to him.\" Rita stretches her arms like a cat and gets up. Feeling much better, she walks off, into the neon light. An hour later, Sharon was setting up the big movie screen they had installed. People were sitting down in seats. Roddy and Rita walked through the rows but couldn't find anywhere to sit. There was one seat, and it was next to Abraham. Roddy sits down. Rita wanted to scream at him.[Chapter 5] Those Blue Rams from last night kept Rita up until two. During the night, she lay on her back. The air conditioner broke, so the house was too hot to sleep in. Rita wasn't wearing any clothes, not even underwear and she had an ice cold water bottle at her night stand. That whole night, all she thought about was Abraham. How he wanted to know her, dance with her, watch the movie with her… but she thought of the kiss the most. Rita was never kissed there before by a guy and she tried to describe the feeling to herself. It was very strange and odd, she believed. Embarrassing, frightening, stupid, weird… and so wonderful. For the first time, Rita was falling in love. But… what if? She wondered. What if he broke up with another girl, and wanted to win that beauty back by using her to make her jealous? The thought of that made Rita sick. She opened the window and inhaled the coolness of the sewers air. What if he was a user? He seemed far too nice. Rita asked no more questions. She didn't need to wonder again. She knew right from that moment, that he was perfect. She put on some underwear and went to bed. The up top sun rose. The cockroach on the roof woke up the family like a farm rooster. She lay in her bed, her face in the pillow. A few strands of her blazing red hair hung off o the side along with one of her arms, slowly swaying back and fourth like a vine. The door creaked open. Liam crawled in with some other boys, including Shockey. The others were Dylan, Fergus and Graham. They were snickering, trying not to wake Rita. \"On three.\" Liam whispered. \"One… two.\" Fergus snapped on the lights. Then they all screamed in very off key voices. \"GOOD MORNING, GOOD MORNING, GOOD MORNING, TIME TO RISE AND SHINE! GOOD MORNING, GOOD MORNING, GOOD MORNING, WE HOPE YOU'RE DOING FINE! GET OUT OF BED YOU SLEEPY HEAD, ITS TIME TO RISE AND SHINE!\" \"GET OUT!\" she roared furiously. \"NOW!\" The boys burst into laughter as they walked out the door. Rita was wide awake due to Fergus' snorting. They weren't so guilty. Rita got up and put on a new outfit; a red v neck sweater with a black top underneath it and a pair of jeans with skulls on the back pockets. She slipped on the same boots she wore every day then walked downstairs to the racket in the dining room. Turns out Rita's parents set them up a surprise breakfast buffet. All the food was beautifully assorted over a fine red tablecloth. There was milk, orange juice, coffee, hot chocolate, tea, chocolate chip waffles and pancakes, with whipped cream smoothed on them. The egg was scrambled o a silver dish to perfection while the sausage and hash browns looked perfect. Rita grabbed a plate right away and placed a cup of coffee with a lot of cream and sugar, a piece of the egg, some pancakes and a strawberry piece. Kids were sitting everywhere, including the couch. Roddy was sitting at the table with his leg over her chair. \"Saved you a seat.\" He said. \"How was your sleep?\" \"It was ok.\" She mumbled. \"Hey Rita.\" It was her snickering brother Liam. \"What?\" she growled. \"What's health class like? Is it where we learn how to have safe sex?\" \"I beg your pardon. Is that an appropriate question to ask?\" \"What are those two big bumps on your chest?\" Rita looked down at her breasts and looked at him, disgusted. Then she took a spoon and flicked strawberry in his face. \"Watch it!\" he snapped. \"The prettiest girl in the eighth grade is in almost all my classes.\" \"Let me guess. She didn't pass the finals last year either.\" A humorous grin came upon Rita's face as all the boys in the area start laughing, including Roddy. Rita started to laugh, hiding her face in her napkin. The look on her brother's face was priceless. As Rita continued to giggle, she felt her shoulder shake. She turned, still chuckling to see Annie who was sitting next to her. \"Rita. Is it true?\" \"Is what true darling?\" Rita puts her lips on the coffee cup and sipped slowly. \"Did Roddy kiss you?\" Rita stopped. She looked at her sister closely. \"We were all talking about it last night. We thought it could have happened. Did it?\" Rita swallowed then answered, \"No. Roddy did not kiss me. It was somebody else.\" \"Who?\" Annie squeaked excitingly. \"Some guy. It was a one-night-only type of romance. I'll never see him again, that's for sure.\" Rita cut her pancakes casually, waiting for Annie to respond. \"The bus is on its way!\" Mr. Malone warned. \"Finish your breakfast, grab you bags and hurry outside!\" \"That fast?\" Rita questioned. \"How long have I been asleep, Rod?\" \"I don't know.\" Said Roddy. \"When did you go to bed last night?\" \"To be honest, I couldn't sleep at all. I had too many Blue Rams.\" \"Oh.\" \"I need sleep.\" He could see that she was about to drop her head and doze off, so he stood her up and said, \"Let's get ready.\" Rita picked up her yellow duffle bag with all her clothes in it and Roddy carried her black roll on with her bed sheets in it. They helped the bus driver load the storage space with heavy bags. Rita's mood changed from excited to sad. She felt like she wasn't home for long enough that summer. She wanted to stay home and sail on the Dodger II. She sighed and walked over to her parents. Her mum was holding a Kleenex, weeping. Her husband was trying to make her feel better but all his tries didn't work. \"Oh Rita, I'm gonna miss you the most!\" Her mum sobbed throwing her arms around her first born. \"Did you have to choose a boarding school?\" Rita asked. \"It's best for us, you know that.\" Her father said. \"You'll be back for Christmas.\" Rita sighed again and bent down to say good bye to him. When she went on the bus, they secretly called for Roddy. \"Good luck young man,\" said Mr. Malone. \"Do us a favor.\" \"Anything.\" Said Roddy. \"Watch over Rita. I know she can protect herself but if anything happens, we want to know from you if she's ok.\" Roddy knew that Rita would never let him protect her. He was surprised at the request her parents made and wondered why they asked. He could never imagine anything terrible happening to Rita, especially when she's in school. He nodded his head and vowed to do his best. \"Don't let her know about this.\" Mr. Malone continued. \"You know Rita… she certainly does have a temper.\" \"Oh I know how it feels.\" Roddy laughed. \"The first day we met…\" \"Go on now dear.\" Mrs. Malone nudged. Roddy said good-bye and walked on. The door shut immediately and the sound of the engine roared in their ears. Children started hollering good bye, knocking their fists on the window and waving. Rita stayed in her seat, looking out the window. \"Are you alright?\" Roddy asked. Rita's expression looked sad. It looked like she was almost about to cry. She took another sip of the Blue Ram in her hand, noticing the concern in his eyes. For a moment, she ignored him then gave him a weak smile. \"I'm quite alright.\" He knew she was lying. He placed a hand on her shoulder and said, \"You'll see them again.\" \"In Christmas.\" She reminded him. \"Not until blemen' Christmas!\" She picks up the Blue Ram and takes another sip. Roddy watched her as tears flooded her eyes. She wiped them away, still drinking. \"Are you crying?\" \"Me? Crying?\" she continued to wipe her eyes. \"I'm not crying. I'm alright.\" She took a few deep breaths but it wasn't working out too well. \"School will be fun. Let's look on the bright side. You'll have time to hang out with your friends.\" \"True. You know, I am looking forward to football tryouts.\" \"You play?\" \"Every year I play football and tennis.\" Said Rita. \"My two favorite sports and I'm really skilled at them.\" \"Well that's great. Tell me when the games are.\" Thinking back, Rita knew that she wanted adventure. There would be plenty of that at school. She would meet new people; have new teachers and a new dorm. Not just any dorm though; she was assigned to Diana Dorm, one of the best female dorms there. All the dorms were named after royal people, like hers was named in honor of Princess Diana. She also thought about the parties and the school plays she'd be seeing. Maybe she could work on stage crew and build the set. \"You know, I'm feeling much better now.\" She said. \"Thanks.\" \"Your welcome.\" Roddy was proud of himself for once again, helping her out. It wasn't often Rita had a problem. But he learned something about her; as obsessed she is with travel, she could get pretty homesick. The relief broke when a question came up in Rita's mind. It was a sad question. \"Roddy, how did you feel when you left your family behind?\" \"What are you talking about?\" He looked up at her confused \"When you left to live in Kensington.\" She leaned against the window, giving him time to answer. He was dead silent. It's like he didn't know what to say. It was an easy question, but he couldn't seem to get the words out. \"I never really knew them.\" He said. \"I was taken away when I was very young.\" \"How young?\" \"I don't exactly remember.\" He said. \"But Tabatha was like a mother to me. She wasn't like most pet owners. Do you even know how many rat owners pamper their pets with doll clothes and hairspray?\" \"Not that many.\" Said Rita, taking another Blue Ram out of her bag. \"How on Earth can you like those?\" \"Hey, if you don't like it, stay away from the sugar-free ones. These drinks are addictive. Let's listen to some music.\" \"We can't hear the radio from back here.\" \"I got an MP3 yesterday.\" She said pulling it out. It was defiantly in a Union Jack pattern. She puts on a clean version of \"Girlfriend\" and they started singing along. The bus came to a halt. The bus driver gut out of his seat and walked to the back. \"This is my bus pals.\" He said in his Southern accent. \"Either get yer two some headphones or turn off that explicit junk right now!\" \"But it's the clean version!\" Rita laughed. \"You Brits have no taste in music.\" \"Yes we do.\" Said Roddy. \"You simply don't like it. Everyone is entitled to their own opinion. \"You listen to me, fancy boy—\" \"You think we can't find good music? None of us like Carrie Underwood and you're blastin' her through the radio. Just sit down and get us to school. I'll make you a deal.\" Rita put her music away. \"I'll turn this off; you turn the radio off, everyone's happy.\" \"Fine! Jus dot turn that thing on again till ye get to yer fancy Brit school.\" \"Not all of us are fancy.\" Rita mumbled. They were halfway there and Rita had nothing to talk about. She leaned against the window and closed her eyes, to make up for the sleep she owed last night. Roddy stared for a moment, thinking how uncomfortable she must have felt. He took her by the shoulders and laid her head down on his lap. Then he fell asleep himself.[Chapter 6] Rita wasnawakened by the cheering of the kids all around her. She didn'tnrealize her head was on Roddys lap when she got up to look out thenwindow. They just entered Prince Charles Acadamy. Rita woke up Roddynand observed everything out the window. There were students walkingndown the street with their luggage, socializing with their closenfriends and free samples of food were given out. \"We there?\" henasked. \"Come look fornyourself.\" Roddy peaked out thenwindow to observe. \"It's beautiful.\"nHe said. \"You must be lucky to come here.\" \"I just want to getnoff this bus so I can get started.\" She got off the bus to see ankid dressed as their mascot, Prince Charles himself. He wasnhigh-fiveing all the kids and giving the younger ones hugs screaming,n\"Welcome to PCA!\" As Rita walked over tongrab her luggage she noticed a bunch of attractive muscular mennpulling out their luggage. She looked back to notice a familiar onenwith red hair… she saw Abraham right when he pulled out her secondnsuitcase. \"Please don'tnnotice me.\" She begged as she approached her things. As she bentndown to pick up her suitcase, she caught Abraham's eye. \"Hey Rita!\" hensmiled. \"Cant talk, must go!\" She grabbed her bagsnand power walked away from him hoping he wouldn't run after her. \"I'm going tonunpack now.\" She told Roddy. \"Ok, I'll be atnwork for a quick meeting.\" \"See ya.\" Ritanwalked away, looking for Diana dorm. She saw Victoria and Carmellanand then saw the Diana building, standing taller proudly than thenothers. At first, when Rita went inside, she thought she was in thenwrong place. The floors were paved with gold and their were smallnglass cells for studying with nice furniture and fireplaces. Thenceiling was made from mirrors, so when Rita looked up, she could seenherself. \"This cant be right…\" she noticed a bombshell at thenfront desk chewing a wad of pink bubble gum typing on the computer.nOn her black name tag said, 'Barbie.' \"Miss…\" The blonde looked atnher and said, \"May I help you young lady?\" \"This is Diana Dormnright?\" \"You're in thenright place. Need help finding your room?\" \"No, that's fine.\"nSaid Rita. \"Don't forget aboutnthe welcome party here tonight.\" The blonde reminded her. \"Allnthe girls here are having a party to celebrate the new school year.\" \"I'll try to makenit.\" \"Wait sweetie! Do younhave your key?\" \"Oh I forgot.\" \"What's your roomnnumber?\" \"1408.\" Rita approached thendesk and claimed the key card from the woman. Rita went up thenelevator and went to the fourteenth floor. She went down for doors tonthe eighth room and slid the card into the slot. It was quiet in thenroom but it was pretty nice. There were three single beds and twonhalf walls dividing the territories. The one to the left was taken,nnicely set up. The bed sheets were plain and the equipment was nicelynset up. On the bed was a brunette wearing a hoodie and a tilly hat,nreading a book. \"Are you Rita?\" \"Yeah.\" Rita satndown on the middle bed. \"How do you know my name?\" \"The girl at thenfront said that when I asked her.\" \"Who's the thirdnroommate? \"I don't know. Indidn't ask.\" This girl looked like anvery plain person. She was wearing a blue sweatshirt and white hikingnpants. The book she was reading had Chinese symbols on the cover. Shenhad whiskers that people could see. There was a Canadian flagndisplayed on her wall, so Rita thought Canadian rodents had whiskersnothers could see. \"I'm so sorry. Inforgot to introduce myself. My names Kaylin, but call me Tilly.\" \"Are you fromnCanada?\" \"I just moved here anweek ago.\" \"Really?\" Ritanplaced her carry on the middle bed and sat down. \"How's Englandntreating you?\" \"I like it so far. Donyou know what sucks?\" \"What?\" \"How we can't seenthe beauty of up top without possibly getting killed.\" \"I know I hate that.\"nRita agreed. \"One of my best friends came from up top. He was oncena little girls pet.\" \"That's nice.\" \"He was so lonelynthough. He thought he had it all until he realized that he had no onento talk to. Good thing he's down here. He's never been happier.\" \"Is that the newnbartender?\" \"He is.\" A knock was heard onnthe door. \"THIS IS THE POLICE!nCOME OUT WITH YOUR HANDS UP!\" \"Relax.\" Said Rita.n\"Their just friends trying to fool me.\" She opened the door andnsaw Daisy, Sharon and Roddy. They came in without her invitation.nSharon was holding a twelve pack of Blue Ram. \"Thank you so much.\"nRita thanked. \"What are you doing here?\" \"Well we happened toncrash into each other on campus and we thought you could use somenhelp unpacking.\" \"Thank you. Get tonwork.\" Roddy zipped open anside pocket of her duffle and these weird looking panties came flyingnout. Curious, Roddy picked one up and observed it. One side was likenregular underwear but on the back was a string. Rita screamed innhorror, \"What are you doing?\" \"What in gods namenare these?\" Roddy asked. Rita grabbed the rest of them off thenfloor and threw them in the top drawer, then snatched the one fromnhis hands and hid it. \"I know what thosenare!\" Daisy squeaked. \"Their thongs!\" \"Rita…\" Sharonngasped in a teasing voice. \"You wear thongs?\" \"You influenced me tontry them Sharon!\" Rita snapped blushing. \"Roddy, how about younunpack my clothes, not my smalls.\" \"I'm sorry Rita.\"nHe went on to doing what she said. Rita opened another suitcase andntook out her bed sheets and pillows, setting them up on the bed notncaring about making it neat. Sharon and Daisy sat there and watched.nRoddy stopped after he felt something silky. He looked to see it wasna dress. \"My goodness.\" \"What?\" Ritanquestioned. \"I never thought younwore dresses.\" She saw him holding hernred homecoming dress. It was strapless with a floral lace blacknfabric around the waist. Rita got up and took it from him nicelynhanging it in the closet. \"Homecoming.\" Shenexplained. \"I told you I'd go.\" \"Now I remember.\" \"Try it on.\" SaidnTilly. \"I did that at thenstore.\" \"No silly! Put it onnand show us.\" \"I'm really notnsure.\" \"C'mon Rita!\"nDaisy begged. \"We never saw you in a dress before.\" Then she gavenRita that puppy dog face. Rita couldn't resist it when she didnthat, so she took the dress and agreed to show them. She stepped intonthe bathroom. Moments later, she came out. \"Are you happy now?\"nshe asked. Nobody said anything.nShe felt sheepish when she didn't get a respond right away. \"Say something…\"nshe said hiding her embarrassment. \"Tell the HomecomingnQueen to hide her crown or she's gonna lose it from you.\" SaidnDaisy. \"Where'd you getnthat from?\" Sharon asked. \"I just made it up.nRoddy you're a gent. What do you think?\" Roddy was petrified. Henjust stood there beside Rita's bed and didn't say a word to her.nRita walked up to him and snapped her finger in front of his wideneyes. \"It's gorgeous!\" He screamed it out ofnnowhere, giving Tilly who was lost in her thoughts a huge scare. Ritanblushed when he said that. Hiding his embarrassment, he smiled atnher. \"I think we met ournhomecoming queen.\" He said. \"Yeah. Me.\" They peered through thendoor to see Sasha standing there with a bagman pulling all hernluggage on a cart. The bags were all the same pattern, Louis Vitonnstyle, only pink and \"SM\" rather than \"LV\" and they came innall shapes and sizes. Rita rolled her eyes annoyed. \"Girl, nobody willnwant to be friends with you if you act like a princess.\" \"I am a princess.\"nSasha smirked. \"Hi Roddy.\" She greeted him suddenly with a sweetninnocent child. \"In your dreams.\"nRita spat. Slightly angry Sashanreplied, \"Just know Malone, that crown is mine.\" \"Have it. I don'tnwant it.\" \"I don't know ansingle girl like you who does. The ugly store called. They want thatndress back.\" \"Like you havenanything better?\" \"Rita that'snenough!\" Roddy snapped. \"Your dad broughtnalong a substitute?\" Sasha got down on the floor.n\"R.O.T.F.L.M.A.O.\" \"For your informationnyou dumb blonde!\" Sharon raged. \"That's the new bartender. He'snRita's first mate as well.\" \"I think I knownthat.\" Said Sasha. \"Caution! Blondenthinking. Duck and cover! Duck and cover!\" Sharon and Daisynstarted laughing. \"R.O.T.F.L.M.A.O!\"nDaisy giggled hardly breathing. \"For your informationnSharon, you're blonde too.\" \"Yeah but I'm not angirly girl. My advice? Be like Rita and you'll pass.\" As the three girlsnargued, Rita pulled Roddy into the empty space of the room. \"We need to talk.\"nShe said. \"About what?\" henasked. \"Sasha.\" \"What has she everndone to you?\" \"You slow dance withnher once and suddenly you're on her side?\" \"It's not what younthink.\" \"Listen to me Rod.\"nRita took a deep breath. \"You know I have a temper problem. Justnpromise me you won't be friends with her.\" \"Why?\" \"She's a Maneater.nShe goes out on dates with guys so they can fall in love with her sonshe can break their hearts. That's how she gets her power. There'sna whole club of people that have been traumatized by her, most ofnthem men. Just promise me you won't speak to her.\" \"Is that really allntrue?\" he asked surprised. \"Yes.\" \"Then I'll listennto you.\" \"Thank you.\" Shensaid giving him a hug. When Sasha saw him put his hands on Rita'snhips she walked over. \"Sorry were yountalking about me?\" Roddy asked. \"You know who I am.\"nShe sneered. \"So are you going to take me to homecoming?\" \"I don't think so.\" \"Excuse me?\" \"Just because henflirted with you and slow dance with you at a drinking party dosentnmean he likes you.\" Rita explained. \"I never really likednyou.\" Roddy confessed. \"Your patheticnanyway.\" \"What did you saynabout him?\" Rita snapped approaching Sasha. \"You say somethingnlike that about him and your dead.\" \"Sure.\" Rita said nothing.nStanding there in Sashas face slapped her in the jaw and went intonthe bathroom to take off the dress.[Chapter 7] Tilly'snalarm clock went off, beeping silently in her ear. She woke up andnsmiled. It was the first day of her senior year. She dressed andnfreshened up. Rita and Sasha were still asleep in bed. Ritas face wasnburied in the pillow as usual. Rita didn't snore, but Tilly couldnhear her breathe from where she was standing. She pushed Rita andnsaid, \"Get up.\" \"No mum…\"nRita moaned. \"I'm notnyour mother. But you need to get up.\" \"Five morenminutes…\" \"Schoolnbegins in a half hour.\" When Ritanrefused to move, Tilly grabbed her legs and attempted to pull hernawake. Rita grabbed onto the bars of her bed. \"That'snit.\" Rita wokensuddenly. \"How longnhave you been standing there?\" Rita asked. \"As long asnit took to wake you up. We have to be in class in a half hour. I'mngonna wake up Sasha.\" \"You'renjoking right? Don't please. Let her be late.\" Rita brushednher hair and tied it back in the usual ponytail. Then she pulled outna black shirt with a grey heart, with stitches in the center. Hernpants went down to her ankles and they were slightly skinny. Therenwas a crown on one leg and it said \"Diana Forever\". She for oncendidn't choose to wear her boots but her new Union Jack flats. Thennshe grabbed her Union Jack tote and rushed out the door. She wasnrecognized by a lot of people in the hall. She was socializing with anfew guy friends when the bell rang. Her first class was Algebra; farnby her worst subject ever. She sat down and relaxed. She didn'tnneed it anyway. Then a familiar figure came in. Rita crossed hernfingers as he looked at the seating chart. Then he came and satnbehind her. \"Surprising,nseeing you here Rita.\" It was Abraham. Rita rolled her eyes justnhearing that voice. She had to talk to him until he found out shendidn't like him. \"Uh yeah,nsure is.\" She replied faking a smile. \"So you likenalgebra. Me too.\" \"I don't likenit. Its required here.\" She smirked. \"Besides, I'm horrible atnit.\" \"Really? Cause Inget one hundred percent on every math test I took.\" \"Really.\" Ritanwas not impressed. \"You don't look like a smart guy.\" More like a dumbnjock. \"A lot of peoplensay that.\" He laughed. \"Maybe I can tutor you.\" \"I'll thinknabout it.\" She turned her back as Ms. King, the teacher stepped in. \"Class enoughnfooling around; its class time and we have a test on Friday.\" Rita nearly fellnasleep. Ms. King was like any other math teacher, except she talkednabout nothing but math. She never spoke of anything else. When thenbell rang, Rita settled into Up Top Survival class. Sharon and Daisynwere in class with her. They sat at their own table. They werenlaughing at all the things the teacher was talking about. \"Ms. Malone…\"nthe tall teacher approached her, stick in hand. \"So you thinkngetting eaten by a snake is funny?\" \"I was justntelling Daisy how terrifying it was.\" Rita lied. \"I was thinkingnabout something funny.\" \"Would you carento share with the class?\" \"No Miss.\" \"Next time youngoof off, your coming to the front to tell the class all your amusingnjokes.\" \"Ok.\" At lunch, Rita sat withnSharon and Daisy of course… and their boyfriends Jesse and Luigi.nThey were eating tadpoles and drinking Blue Ram when Abraham joinednthem, sitting next to Rita. Rita ignored him, drinking her daily dozenof caffeine. \"So your single Intake it.\" He said. \"How can yountell?\" \"I just don'tnget how a hot girl like you doesn't have an arm around her.\" \"Ok what do younwant?\" \"To be yournboyfriend.\" The wordsnslipped out smoothly like Abe knew what he was doing. Rita wasnshocked. Sharon and Daisy were squealing. \"Say yes…\"nDaisy mumbled. \"Say yes.\" \"No.\" saidnRita. \"C'monnRita. First appearances aren't everything.\" Luigi wasnright. Rita never gave Abe a chance and began to feel bad. \"Fine.\" Ritangrowled. \"Only because I feel bad.\" \"I'll picknyou up on Saturday then?\" \"Fine.\" She walked awaynand threw away her food. After schoolnwere tryouts for the girl's football team. Football was part ofnRita's life. Sharon and Daisy played too. They sat on the bench inntheir gym clothes waiting impatiently for the coach. \"Where isnshe?\" Sharon growled. \"If I don't kick a ball soon…\" \"Abe'sncoming!\" Daisy shouted. Rita saw himndragging a bag of balls with him and a pile of cones as well. \"You got to benkidding me.\" She rolled her eyes. \"What is he doing here?\" \"Excuse me.\"nShe didn't notice Abraham was in front of her. \"I'm the coachnof the woman's soccer team.\" \"In Europenwe call it football.\" Rita corrected hiding her embarrassment. \"In America,nits called soccer. Now heres the deal ladies. No matter how bad younare, you'll still be on the team. There will be players andnbenchwarmers too. Now show me what you babes got. Jog around thenfield.\" He blew hisnwhistle and the girls began to run. After they jogged for tennminutes, they got the balls and cones out. Abraham was impressed withnall of them, but he liked Rita the most. She didn't miss a singlengoal, or as a goalie, let any ball get past her. The tryouts wereneasy for them and at the end, Abraham had great news. \"No benchwarmersnfor this team.\" He said. \"You all did an amazing job and I saw anlot of effort. On the athletics bulletin tomorrow are your positionsnposted.\" Rita listened asnshe chugged her water bottle. She thought that he would give her thencenter position, and she didn't want that to happen. She went backnto her dorm, did her homework and took a shower. After she relaxed innthe hot steamy goodness of the hot water, she wrapped a towel aroundnherself. Then she opened the mirror cupboard to get her toothbrush.nWhen she slammed it, her toothbrush slipped out of her hand. Le Toadnwas staring at her through the mirror. \"Jesus Christ!\"nshe gasped. She looked down and saw blood, oozing out of the bathtubnlike lava from a volcano. \"So? Enjoyingnyour life without me?\" She turnednaround and saw him sitting in the bathtub. He was bathing in rat'snblood, naked laughing like a monster he was. Rita said nothing. Shenblinked and he was gone. The floor was sparkly clean and the bathtubnwas empty. Rita fainted. Hours later shenfound herself in bed wearing warm clothes and laying on a towel. \"You'renawake!\" It was Tilly's voice. She looked to see Roddy, Tilly,nSharon and Daisy right there beside her with the school nurse. \"Whatnhappened?\" Roddy asked. \"I foundnher passed out in the bathroom.\" Said Tilly. \"She was soaked andnfreezing.\" \"Rita whatnhappened?\" Daisy asked. \"I passednout.\" Rita moaned simply. \"Yeah butnwhy did you pass out?\" Sharon asked. \"I don'tnknow.\" Rita lied. \"Maybe it was the school lunch.\" \"Or maybe itnwas too much Blue Ram.\" Said Roddy. \"I only hadnone today.\" She said. \"You hungrynRita?\" Tilly asked. \"Can I make you anything?\" \"Just anlittle.\" Said Rita feeling her head. \"What am I wearing?\" \"That's mynold nightgown. Your pajamas weren't warm enough. What can I getnyou?\" \"Surprisenme.\" Said Rita. \"Is shengonna be able to come to school tomorrow?\" Sharon asked. \"I'm notnone hundred percent sure.\" Said the nurse. \"She'll be finenafter a long rest.\" The door camenslamming open. It was Abraham. \"How didnyou get here?\" Roddy asked a little rudely. \"Your doornwas open.\" Abe growled. \"Move over.\" He kneeledndown by Rita's bed and stroked her hair. She pulled away from himnimmediately turning to the other side of the bed. \"Somebody's tired.\" He said. \"Her hairs still wet.\" \"Shenlikes it air dried.\" Said Daisy. Roddy bentnover and felt her skin. \"Its coldnas ice.\" He said. \"I'mngoing to be just fine.\" Said Rita. \"You people worry.\" \"You couldnhave had a heart attack. Chances were you'd have to go to thenhospital.\" Said the nurse. The microwave beeped and Tilly gave Ritanhalf a shrimp. Roddy stood her up in bed as the nurse watched hernlike a hawk. \"Eat that right now.\" Rita couldnonly wonder why she saw what she saw. When she was finished eating,nshe went to sleep.[Chapter 8] Sharonnwaited impatiently for Rita at the athletics bulletin board. She readna copy of Stephen Kings classic, Carrie while she waited. \"Sorry Inkept you here.\" \"Nonproblem.\" Said Sharon. Rita looked at the list explaining thenpositions of the girls on her team. She was named captain, centernfield. \"Congrats captain.\" \"Thanknyou.\" Said Rita cheerlessly. \"What'snthe matter?\" \"Abrahams the coach. That's the matter.\" \"Hownis that a problem?\" \"Inmean, what if he put that there to make me happy so I'd enjoyntomorrows date?\" \"Henposted it there because you were good. Every coach you had made youncaptain not because you were pretty but because you are good.\" \"Yes,nwell, I wasn't dating any of them. Don't you find it embarrassingnthat our coach is in love with me?\" \"He'snour age right?\" Sharon pointed out putting away her book. \"Yeah Inknow it's weird that a student is doing a teachers job, but let'snjust give him a chance.\" The girlsnwalked away still talking. \"Readynfor the party tonight?\" \"I'mnalways ready.\" Said Rita. \"It's going to be so fun.\" Everynyear, Diana Dorm had a party to welcome their students. Rita was anparty animal, defiantly thinking about going. They were going tonserve pop, have a DJ and give candy to the girls. It was like anninformal homecoming for girls only. In algebranclass, as Ms. King was speaking, Abraham tapped Rita's shoulder. \"There'sna game tonight.\" He said. \"Practice is after school.\" \"What?\"nRita hissed. \"There's a party were all going to.\" \"I'mnsorry but tonight's the only night I could get a game. Were playingna Germen school.\" \"You'renjoking right?\" said Rita. \"Because you know very well that wenwill lose. Their world champions.\" \"Were gonnanget em.\" He said confidence in his voice. \"Captain.\" \"Ritanand Abraham…\" Ms. King stepped toward them. \"What are younmumbling on about?\" \"Nothing\"nsaid Rita. \"It'snbusiness.\" \"One morenword out of either of you and you can discuss your business in thenprinciples office.\" Rita ignorednAbraham for the rest of class. On the waynto gym class, Rita was confronted by Hayden, the schools biggestnnerd. He struggled to keep up as his backpack weighed him down. \"Rita!nRita wait!\" Ritanturned around and rolled her eyes. \"Oh no…\" \"Rita...nThank you, you heard me.\" \"Classnis in three minutes.\" Rita growled faking a smile. \"What do younwant?\" \"Well,nI was actually hoping you d-d-don't have a date for homecoming.\"nHe began to quiver as he spoke. Rita could see sweat running throughnhis fir. She watched as he wiped his face with a cloth. He continued.n\"W-w-would you like t-t-t-to go with m-m-m-me.\" Rita didnnot like this guy. Not just because he was a nerd, he was a slightnpervert and too short for her taste. She wanted to say no but didn'tnwant to hurt him. \"Well…\" \"Hey you!nNerd!\" Abraham was approaching them, his fists clenched. \"You'renflirting with my girlfriend!\" He pickednup Hayden by his collar shirt and looked him in the eye. \"Didn'tnyou hear that she's my girlfriend?\" he snapped. \"How wasnI supposed to know?\" Hayden cried in fear. \"I wrotenabout it in my blog!\" \"Abraham, stop!\" Rita yelled. He didn't hear her. \"Abraham,nput him down!\" The tonenof her voice made Abraham turn his head at her. \"Whatndid you say?\" \"He maynhave asked me out but you don't have to get yourself suspendedntelling him that!\" She wasnright. Abraham put Hayden down and dusted the wrinkles off his shirt \"Sorrynkid…\" Haydenndidn't forgive him. Instead, he ran away in tears. All the popularnkids, minus Rita were laughing. HOOKEDHOOKEDHOOKED \"Hendid what?\" Sharon gasped. \"Insaw it happen.\" Said Rita. \"He has a serious anger problem.\" \"Quitenlike yours.\" Theynwere in the girl's locker room changing for gym. \"Didnyou warn him about my temper problem?\" \"Inforgot.\" Said Sharon. \"But I'll let him know for sure. So arenyou feeling any better?\" \"Infeel as if nothing happened last night.\" Said Rita tying her shoenlaces. \"That'sngreat.\" Inngym, the girls were playing volleyball. Rita and Sharon were good atnit but Sasha was better. As she slammed her wrist against the ball,nthe ball aimed for them like a cannon. Sharon was hit on the headnseveral times and Sasha seemed to think it was funny. Until it wasnRita's turn to serve. Sasha was hit in the head so hard she fell.nRita and Sharon slapped hands and laughed. Then she heard Ms. Collinsnwhistle. \"Malone!\" \"Ohngod…\" Thengym teacher warned that if she purposely hurt another girl in classnagain, she'd get a detention. When Rita changed back into hernclothes, Sasha came walking up her bra exposed through her whitensweater. \"Younthought that was funny didn't you?\" she snapped. \"Takenit easy.\" Said Rita. \"I didn't start the volleyball war here.\" \"ListennMalone!\" \"Calmndown!\" Rita snapped. \"It was your fault and you know it.\" \"Angirl with thirty seven younger siblings thinks she's better thannme.\" Sasha told her crew. When she turned her head to look at Ritanagain, she felt a fist hit her in the jaw. Rita was dead now.nFortunately, Sasha wasn't bleeding. Her tribe bent down to see ifnshe was ok as she got up. \"I don't think I'mnbetter than you Sasha,\" said Rita firmly. \"I know I'm betternthan you.\" Rightnthen, Ms. Collins walked in. \"Whatnin gods name happened to you!\" she asked Sasha scared. \"Her!\"nSasha pointed at Rita. \"Whynam I not surprised?\" Ms. Collins asked. \"Rita, come with me.\" Sharonnput her hand on Rita's shoulder. \"You'llnbe ok.\" She said. Rita smiled, nodded and followed Ms. Collins tonthe principles office. Henwasn't surprised either to see her. \"Welcomenback, Ms. Malone… sit down.\" Thenprincipal of PCA, Mr. Krabs was crazy when it came to decorations.nThere were neon lights on the walls and pink slugs on his desk. Hisnchair looked inviting, but when Rita sat down in her chair, she feltnher back start to itch. \"Firstnof all, welcome back.\" \"AmnI expelled or not?\" Rita asked cutting to the chase. \"Usuallynwe expel students for using violence in any area on campus. But younhad a rough year, with that man and…\" \"Howndo you do about that?\" \"Yournfather called me and told me you'd have to skip a year. It wasnfamily business.\" \"Hownis that an excuse though to skip a whole year?\" \"Younhad a stressful year.\" He reminded her. \"So you will not benexpelled, or suspended.\" \"Thanknyou sir.\" As she got up to leave he stopped her. \"Wait!nI'm not done, Rena.\" \"It'snRita.\" \"Younwill be punished. Tomorrow, six in the morning, the track field.nYou'll meet Ms. Collins there. Bring your own lunch.\" \"Saturday?nBut I need to sleep in!\" \"Indon't care about your weekend plans Riva.\" \"Rita!\" \"Sonsorry,\" he mumbled. \"It ends at three.\" \"Ninenhours of detention?\" \"Hopefullynyou'll learn a valuable lesson about violence from those ninenhours, Ms. Rita.\" \"Younknow what? I disserve it.\" \"Younmay go now.\" Withoutnanother word, Rita left. Now,nhere, here, here's a team to sing about. Itnreally makes you want to cheer and shout. Thenwill is there to help us win the game. Goodnsportsmanship will always be our every aim. Justnwatch and see us do our very best. Tonseparate our team from all the rest. And,nin the end we'll have a hundred goals. Go,nEngland, Go! \"Welcomenfootball fans to the first women's football game of the year.nToday, our beloved varsity team is playing Germany.\" The moderatornyelled through the microphone at the commentary booth. Thenfootball field was surrounded with fans. Half was waving England, thenother half holding Germany flags. Many England fans had their UnionnJack attire on and some girls sprayed their hair a different colorsnin their hair. Middle school cheerleaders, including Rita sisternAnnie were cheering and getting all England fans into the spirit.nMost Germany fans had their face pained black, red and yellow. Ritanwalked onto the field to meet the German team captain. She wasn'tnvery nice when Rita pulled out her hand to shake. Like any othernperson, Rita was a little upset that she didn't care about goodnsportsmanship. The referee tossed the ball in the air and Rita got anhold of it, passing it to Daisy who was wide open. As the game wentnon, Roddy entered the stadium and sat down with Jesse and Luigi. \"Watch,nour girls are playing.\" Said Jess. \"GonDaisy, I love you baby!\" Luigi yelled. \"What'snthe score?\" \"Nonscore for either team.\" Said Jesse. \"But I do know their going tonkill us.\" \"Justnbecause the human England team hardly makes the world cup doesn'tnaffect the way these girls play.\" \"True.\"nSaid Jesse. \"But those Germen babes, they use expensive technologynto make themselves better.\" \"ButnRita's on the field. So far, she's not letting them have thenball.\" \"Shenis pretty good.\" They were interrupted by the cheering Germens. \"Theynscored.\" \"Wellnwhat did you expect St. James?\" Atnthe halfway buzzer, the score was England, 2, Germany 5. Rita and thenothers listened to the coach as she was chugging down Gatorade. \"Werendown by three. I want to see four scores from you, zero from them.nAlright ladies. Rita, stay close to their goal and wait for the ball.nYou'll score.\" \"HeynRita.\" Said Sharon. \"I saw Roddy out there. He's counting onnyou.\" Thenbuzzer went off. Rita was determined to prove that her team couldnoutshine the Germans. As the ball was served, she chased after it.nShe kicked it away from the German girl who previously had it andnkicked it to Daisy, who passed it to Becky who scored. \"Wow!\"nthe moderator yelled. \"Did you see that?\" \"C'monnladies! Play!\" Abraham huffed. \"PLAY!\" Thencheerleaders were jumping and banging their pom poms together.nEngland always got a hold of the ball after Germanys every greatnattempts. Therenwere ten seconds left. The teams were tied, five to five. \"Foulnball! England gets to serve. Attempting to score the goal is numbernseventeen, Rita Malone!\" Thenreferee tossed the ball to Rita who stood in front of the enemy'sngoal. It was a free shot. \"Looknat me.\" Said the German girl. \"The goals shrinking and I'mngrowing.\" Rita'sneyebrows lowered in annoyance. She wondered how such mean girls couldnwin all the time. The clock went off. Over five hundred thousand eyesnwere on her now. She stood there like a statue. \"Comenon sweetheart!\" Abraham groaned. \"Kick the ball.\" Five…nfour… three… Rita slammed the ball against her toes and watchednit fly. Before the goalie could catch it, it crashed landed into thennet. England won! The first half of the crowed went insane, ringingnbells and cheering. All Rita's teammates ran up to her, screamingnand jumping around like they did. Rita was pretty surprised to hearnthat they beat Germany, world champions on only their first game. \"Whatndid I tell you?\" Abraham. \"Did I tell you in class today thatnwe'd win?\" Ritanwas about to reply when he picked her up by the shoulders. Thenteammates followed them out of the stadium where fans were waiting.nRoddy cut through. Rita jumped off and walked up to him. \"Sonnice of you to come.\" She said. \"Thengame was against Germany. You ladies needed all the support you couldnget.\" \"That'snfor sure.\" Said Abraham. \"How's it going St. James?\" \"It'snall going well.\" \"Good.\" \"Rita,nRita!\" Daisy jumped on her. \"You know what time it is?\" \"Partyntime?\" \"Werenonly an hour late.\" Said Sharon giggling. \"Besides,\" saidnRita. \"I doubt anyone's there yet. Let's get back, I'mnexhausted.\" Ritanjumped on Daisy's shoulders and rode off. \"She'sna great young lady.\" Said Abraham. \"Uh-oh,ndon't call her young lady, she hates that.\" Roddy warned. \"Whynnot?\" \"Shenhas a temper issue\" \"AsnI've witnessed.\" Said Abraham, his hands behind his back. \"Younhave?\" \"Ohnyeah, bro. And I see what you mean.\" Roddynlooked at his watch. \"Inneed to leave. The bar opens in ten minutes.\" \"Laternbro.\" AsnRoddy looked away, he looked back at Abraham who was staring directlynat him. Something was wrong with him. Abrahamsngreen eyes filled all the white areas and his pupils became longernand thinner. He stuck out his tongue. It was skinny and it made anslithering sound. But what scared Roddy the most was his grin. Itnbegan to remind him of… a snake. For a moment, he had a feeling innhis stomach, before walking away as if he never saw that. He had tontell Rita.[Chapter 9] The alarm went off.nRita refused to wake up, as AC/DC's song, \"Hells Bells\" blazednthrough the hall. It woke up Sasha who turned it off and yelled,n\"Wake up Rita!\" \"No.\" the sleepingnbeauty mumbled. \"Let me handlenthis.\" Said Tilly. She pulled Rita out of bed and placed her in thenshower. Then she turned the cold knob on. Rita woke up screaming. \"Cold!\" \"You'll benswimming in cold water anyway.\" Said Tilly. \"Now get over therenbefore its eighteen hours of detention.\" In her gymnshorts, Rita waited by the track field for Ms. Collins. She wasn'tnvery happy about having to wake up at five thirty in the morning.nMiss Collins wasn't too happy either. \"I'm reallyndisappointed in you, Rita.\" She said. \"I warned you very brieflynnot to harm anyone, and what do you do?\" \"Indon't harm people without a reason.\" Rita defended. \"Itndoesn't matter why you did it.\" Ms. Collins snapped. \"Runnaround the track field four times without stopping.\" AsnRita ran, she wondered why Ms. Collins hated her still. Was she stillnnot over the death of her husband? Rita was with him when he died andnever since, Ms. Collins believed that Rita wasn't generous andnhated her for not calling the police. Mr. Collins was Ritas old swimncoach, who she met when she was thirteen. \"Don'tnstop Malone!\" Ms. Collins roared. Rita was trying her hardest notnto stop and she felt lactic acid fermentation burn inside hernmuscles. Her pulse rate and heartbeat greatly increased. She wasnlistening to an energetic song on her MP3 that kept her on track.nWhen she finished, Ms. Collins brought walls that Rita had to jumpnover. \"Do it again,\" she said. \"And don't fall.\" Rita did.nAn hour passed and they went on to football. \"Now, after lastnnights game, you should do this correct. Pretend there's a Germannat the net.\" Ritanraced across the field with the ball rolling every second. For thennext seven hours, Rita played Tennis, had lunch, played basketball,ngymnastics, baseball and swimming. It was exactly three when shenfinished. The poor girl was tired. \"Nicenjob.\" Said Ms. Collins. \"You could have avoided this though.nBecause of you, I missed a chance to sleep in. Why did you do it?\" \"Thatnis between me and her.\" Said Rita. \"WellnI wish to know.\" Ritansighed. \"Mynfamily lived in a shack. I had to miss a year of school to help themnearn money. I have thirty seven siblings, incase if you didn'tnknow, more Malones will come to your gym class, so be prepared. AndnSasha insulted me for being a scavenger. That's why I hit her.\" \"That'snno excuse.\" Said Ms. Collins. \"Butnit's the truth.\" Said Rita. \"Didn't you know about my angernproblem? I wrote it down in the forms you made us write on the firstnday.\" \"You'rena senior,\" said Miss Collins. \"You should be able to controlnyourself.\" \"Inknow.\" Said Rita annoyed. \"Now if you excuse me, I have a datentonight and I need seep.\" \"Who'snthe unlucky man?\" \"Thenpresident of six packs.\" Rita sneered, walking away. Ritanslouched in Daisy's fluffy pink chair. \"Indon't see why this is a huge deal.\" She argued. \"Rita,non a date, you have to look pretty. That way, he'll ask you outnagain.\" \"Whatnif I don't want him to ask me out again?\" she asked. Sharonngasped. \"Youndon't like him?\" \"Whynnot?\" Daisy asked. \"He'snhandsome and everything… but he's a jerk. Sharon, don't younremember what I told you?\" \"Abrahamnwasn't the only guy that yelled at Hayden Michaels. He's beennbeaten by jocks many times before.\" \"Whyndo you even care about him? He's nerd.\" \"Andnan absolutely disgusting pervert.\" \"Inknow.\" Said Rita. \"I was going to reject him myself but Abrahamndid it for me. I don't like it when men do me favors without menasking them.\" \"I'mnglad you're giving Abraham a chance.\" Said Sharon taking hernhairbrush. \"After all it was the first time you got asked out.\"nShe ran it through Rita's loose hair. \"Indidn't have any choice.\" Said Rita. \"You talked me into it…\" \"Rita…\"nDaisy asked. \"Can I ask you something?\" \"Whatnis it?\" \"AboutnRoddy.\" \"Asknaway.\" Forna moment, Daisy didn't speak. \"Donyou have feelings for him?\" Thenroom went silent. Sharon stopped brushing and Daisy stopped ironing. \"No.\"nsaid Rita. \"He's my first mate. It'd be so odd.\" \"SorrynI asked.\" Said Daisy. \"I finished ironing the dresses.\" Thenchoices were a strapless pink, a yellow wrap dress and a green halternwith thin straps. Rita choose the green one. It was like Ashley'snin the film Disturbia , an aqua green color that went down tonher knees. Sharon put Rita's hair in a ponytail. \"Inthink you Union Jack flats would be perfect.\" She said. Theynheard a knock on the door. Rita sighed and rolled her eyes. \"Whennhe see's you, smile and be nice.\" Said Daisy. Rita chuckled. \"Instill don't like him.\" Rita reminded them. \"Getnthe door.\" Sharon sneered. Rita got up and pulled the door open.nAbraham stood there, in one of his chest baring shirts and baggynjeans, holding flowers. \"Wow,nRita you look…\" \"Girly?\" \"No.nYou look amazing. How come you don't like dresses?\" He handed hernthe flowers. \"Thanks.\"nShe said accepting them. She placed them on the counter. \"Where arenwe going? A movie?\" \"No,nthat's not what I planned, but hey, if it goes well, we can headnover to my place and watch a horror movie. We're going to thenComedy House and later were going to the House of Blues for dinner.\" \"Mynfriend Roddy works there. Maybe he can give us a discount.\" Theyngot into a deep conversation as they walked out of Diana. \"Yournbrother, Seamus I believe is performing tonight.\" \"Henwas always the clown in our family.\" Said Rita with a giggle.n\"Every sibling has a different talent. My mum has the mostnbeautiful voice and my dad can build a boat in only a day.\" \"Whatnabout you?\" he asked. \"Football I suppose.\" \"Actually,nno.\" said Rita. \"I'm a scavenger.\" \"Ansavage?\" \"No.nA scavenger looks for treasure in dangerous places. That's what myndad and I do. I've been doing it since I was eight.\" \"Younknow, most girls are talented at singing and athletics.\" \"Younsaw me play. But you'll never hear me sing.\" \"Butnwith a mother with a pretty voice, shouldn't it come downngenetically?\" \"Itnhas on many of my sisters, but not me.\" Whennthey got to the Comedy House, the place was jammed with teachers andnsenior students. Abraham got them front row seats. As Rita slouchedninto her chair, Abraham put his arm around her. Somebodynput a bell him, she thought. \"Ladiesnand gentlemen… I give you Junior Highs class clown, Seamus Malone!\" Ritanput her fingers in her mouth and whistled. It ran through the entirenroom. \"Hownyou doing today folks? Your probably thinking, 'Hey little guy, youngot any jokes'?\" he pulled out a funny looking puppet and spokenfor it without moving his mouth. \"Shutnup!\" the puppet yells. \"SonEric, are you happy to be here?\" Seamus asked. \"Ohnoverjoyed!\" Eric the dummy yells. \"Last week I was observingnBuckingham Palace wondering, should I stay in beautiful up top Londonnor go to smelly Ratropolis? I can die happy now!\" Therenwere chuckles from the audience. Later in the show, Abraham left tonuse the restroom. \"Sitnyou butt down you ginger! This is a public audience!\" Ericnscreamed. \"Ya think he's gone to take a piss?\" \"Indon't know. \"We'll wait!\" Ericsnhead was turned towards the bathroom door. The other jokes Seamus andnEric told were funny. After the show, they walked into the House ofnBlues. All the tables were full. They waited by the bar with anblinker that would go off. There was a man with brown hair creating andrink for the punk rocker on the end of the bar stools. The moment henturned and gave the rock star her Coke, Rita caught his eye. Abrahamnput his arm around her. \"CannI help you?\" the bartender asked. He was wearing a simple blacknshirt and a pair of jeans. \"EllonRoddy. Getting along?\" Rita asked. Roddy starred. \"Sorry.nI just never imagined you wearing a dress.\" He said. \"Sharonnand Daisy forced me.\" Roddynchuckled. \"BluenRam I take it?\" \"Yesnplease.\" \"Actually.\"nSaid Abraham. \"Take that back and give us two Frosties.\" \"It'snreally addictive. Are you sure?\" \"Positive.\"nAbraham gave him a wink. Roddy shrugged and got out two glass cups,nfilling them up with a frosty white fluid, gripping onto a handlenthat looked like a snowman. \"Thank you sir.\" Said Abraham. Ritannervously took her drink and watch Abraham as he took a huge gulp. Henwiped the drink off his lips. Rita took a tiny sip and placed itndown. Her face turned green for a second. \"Nownif you excuse me, I have to take a piss.\" \"Anwhat?\" Rita asked. \"Inthink its American for using the restroom.\" Said Roddy. \"Quickly,nthrow this in the sink and give me the cup.\" \"Goodncall.\" Roddyndumped the drink into the sink and placed the cup on the counter, \"Wenneed to talk.\" He said. \"Aboutnwhat?\" \"Abraham.\" \"Isnsomething wrong?\" \"Lastnnight at the game when I said goodbye to him, his face began tonchange.\" \"What?\"nRita asked confused. \"Inknow it sounds foolish, but I know what I saw. There's somethingnwrong with that guy.\" \"Whatndid you see?\" Roddynbent over and whispered loudly, \"He had snake eyes and his tonguengot thinner and longer. You might not believe me. But I know what Insaw. Rita…\" he sighed. \"I know you really love him.\" \"NonI don't. I'm dating him for the team.\" She said. \"Wellnwhatever reason, get away from him, before he does something terriblento you.\" \"Sweetheart!\"nRita turned and saw Abraham, walking out of the boy's bathroom.n\"Our tables ready. I see you loved your frosty.\" Ritangot up without saying goodbye to Roddy and followed Abraham to annempty table. She yawned as she sat down. \"Tired?\" \"Youncould say that.\" Said Rita scratching her eye. \"I had to wake upnat six for nine hours of detention.\" \"GoodnGod, what did you do?\" \"Inpunched Sasha in the face.\" Said Rita with pride. \"Whynwould you do that?\" \"Shenwas asking for it. She hates me because I come from a huge family.\" \"Incant believe you have thirty seven siblings. I don't have any!\" \"Mustnbe great sometimes.\" Said Rita. \"I love them, but for once, Injust want some peace and quiet. I can't afford that at home.\" \"Childrennwrestling, mother cooking, grandma singing…\" \"Myngrad mum.\" Rita started. \"Thinks that Roddy is Tom Jones!\" \"Shendoes?\" \"Thenmoment she saw him she screamed, 'Oh it's Tom Jones'!\" Abrahamnstarted laughing. \"Ofnall the girls I dated, I never met a woman so interesting.\" Hensaid. \"Wellnthere's been a lot going on in my life.\" Said Rita. \"I didn'tnhave a relaxing summer.\" \"Whynnot?\" \"Inreally can't talk about it.\" Said Rita. She opened the menu andnbrowsed through the pasta dishes as she took a sip of her water. Whennthey got their food, the conversation changed. \"Didnyou notice that some students we not at the game but guarding thenPrince Charles statue?\" \"Yeah.nThe Germens tend vandalize it. Paint it yellow, black and red.\"nRita explained. \"Because one year, our school; went to Germany forna game and they painted their statue Union Jack. It was pretty funnynbut still mean.\" Roddynwatched from the counter. He couldn't hear them as the singernMaggie McLinske, the singer that night was screaming through thenmicrophone in her Avril Lavigne voice. When Abraham paid the bill, hennoticed him stop Rita as she got up. \"Inhad a great time.\" He said. Rita smiled. \"Rita, I really likenyou.\" \"Isnthat why you made me captain?\" \"Inmade you captain because you're a great soccer player.\" He tooknher hands. \"And of all the girls I dated, I like you the best.nYou're unique. That's what I've been looking for.\" He paused.n\"My roommate is gone tonight, so I was hoping maybe you could comento my dorm and watch a scary movie with me.\" \"Inlike scary movies.\" Said Rita. \"Good.\"nAbraham bent down and kissed her on the lips. It took her bynsurprise. It looked like she was about to pull away but she closednher eyes and returned the favor, putting her arms around his neck.nRoddy watched with confused eyes. He was confused. Was he jealous?nThe thought made him lose focus on his work. He knocked downnsomebody's Coke frustrated. \"Let'sngo.\" Said Abraham. He took Rita's hand and walked out. He glarednat Roddy as he escorted a hypnotized girl out of the club. Whennthey arrived to the dorm, he picked up Rita and carried her up thenstairs and in his room. For three and a half hours, they drank BluenRam and watched Snakes HatenChocolate . It was a horrific versionnof Chocolate and the ChocolatenFactory with the same actors. \"Goodnmovie huh?\" he said. After hearing no respond, he looked to see shenwas sleeping. He picked her up again, carried her away from the couchnand placed her in his bed. He pulled the covers over her and kissednher on the cheek.[Chapter 10] Ritanforgot that she was spending the night at Abrahams. She almostnpanicked the moment she opened her eyes to see a Marilyn Mansonnposter on the ceiling rater than a White Lipped Beans poster. Shensprang out of bed to see she was still in Daisies dress. Even hernshoes were still on. She began to leave. Abraham was sleeping on thencouch bare chested. Around his neck was this strange necklace. Ritancrept closer to observe it. It was a gold snake looped in a ring. Whynwas this guy wearing a snake? Didn't he know that snakes ate mice?nHe rolled over. Rita jumped back. She sighed with relief when hendidn't wake up. She left, without saying good bye or even leaving annote. But what scared Ritanmore was the sight of the police cars in front of her dorm. She sawnparamedics drag outside. What happened? She walked over to all thengirls who lived in the dorm who were crying and panicking at the samentime. Most of them were still in their pajamas. She saw OfficernCollins. \"What happened innthere?\" \"Where have younbeen?\" he asked. He grabbed her wrist. \"Come in.\" He escorted her acrossnthe danger zone and made her go back to her dorm room. \"Now what you'llnsee will be disturbing.\" He warned. \"But you must know thentruth.\" He opened the door.nRita walked in. Two other policemen were there and Tilly was on thenfloor having a mental breakdown. One of the officers was holding whatnlooked like a small coat. She noticed a body in Sasha's bed. \"Your roommate,nSasha was murdered last night.\" Even though Ritanalways hated Sasha, she felt guilty. \"She was skinned.\"nCollins explained. \"Well I can seenthat, with her body on the bed and all her organs falling out. Whondid this?\" Rita asked. \"We don't know.\"nSaid Collins. \"But you will have to pack up and move out.\" \"Where am I supposednto stay?\" Rita snapped. \"That's not ournproblem.\" Said Collins. Rita looked to see the \"coat\" the copnwas holding was Sasha's skin. The killer left it behind. Ritanapproached the bed to see something silver and shiny. She picked itnup. It was a hook… \" If yountell anybody about this nightmare, all of this will come true.\" \" And if Inkeep it quiet?\" LenToad did it. Who else could it have been? But if she told them, thennightmare could have possibly come up in conversation. But she didn'tntell anybody. So why was Sasha dead? She felt a dropnof blood drip on her nose. She looked up to see words written innblood: \"ARENT YOUnGLAD YOU SPENT THE NIGHT?\" Ritanhid the hook in her dress. Wherever she was going to stay, she wantednto take it there and observe it more. Some female police helped hernpack all her belongings. She went outside to call someone but sawnRoddy run towards her. \"I found outnabout what happened.\" He said. \"You need a place to stay?\" \"I got mynluggage here with me don't I?\" \"Wellnthere's plenty of room at my place.\" He said. \"I thought itnwas off campus.\" \"It is.\" \"ThennI can't go.\" \"Yournparents insisted that I'd take you in, so I had to talk thenprincipal into it. It took me at least an hour.\" He picked up onenof her roll-on luggage bags. \"It's a long walk but you'll lovenit.\" Rita followednhim, dragging her suitcase and her carry on bag. She followed him outnof campus and an extra fifteen minutes of walking. Rita saw anrectangle building in front of her. The windows were perfectlynarranged. It was hideous. Roddy typed a code into the garage openernand escorted her inside. The inside was nothing like the outside.nInside it was nice. There was white carpet on the floor with fakenplants in every corner. \"Nownthis place is really fancy and the neighbors are strict aboutnbehavior. If they see you misbehaving in the pool, the hot tub, thengame room or anywhere else, I'm going to be the one blamed for it,nso please behave.\" \"This placenhas a pool?\" said Rita excited. \"And a gamenroom and a hot tub.\" Hentook a key card out of his pocket and put it through the slot in thendoor. The moment he switched on the lights, Rita forgot about Sasha'snmurder. The first room she walked in was the family room with twoncouches and a fireplace. Through the glass doors was a kitchen withnmarble counters. There was a small library/office for her to donhomework in. \"I'llnshow you your room.\" He said. He took her up the stairs and openednthe door of an empty bedroom. The walls were painted an elegant goldnand the bed comforter was star patterned. Across from her werendrawers and when she opened the cabinet, she saw a TV for her tonwatch in bed. Next to that was her own personal family room, with anflat screen TV on the wall and a tiny fridge filled with Blue Ram. \"Nownthis is better than Diana.\" Her mood turned around the moment shensaw his place. And she knew that she was going to love it there. Shentook a Blue Ram out of the fridge and immediately unpacked. When shendecided to change into more comfortable clothes for lunch, shenremoved Daisy's dress. The hook she was hiding fell out. Sittingnhalf naked on her bed, she observed it more closely for slimynfingerprints. She hid it under her pillow so she wouldn't lose it.nShe almost poked herself when the ringing of her cellphone startednplaying \"London Bridge\". \"Ello?...nHey Abe… Yes I'm fine… I know I forgot to tell you I wasnleaving, you were sleeping!... I thought you wouldn't like that!\"nAbraham was arguing because she didn't wake him to tell him she wasnleaving. The American started to yell at her over the line. \"Wellnyou listen here Mr. Perfect, I was just through a terriblenexperience, and you're calling me to scream in my ear. And don'tnyou dare try to make me angry… trust me, you've seen nothingnyet.\" She hung up on him. Whennshe woke up in the morning, she expected Roddy was sleeping. She putnon her bathrobe and walked downstairs. The TV was on and Roddy wasnstanding by the counter pouring himself a bowl of cereal. \"Your upnearly.\" He said. \"Well I havento wake up earlier than ever since I live outside of campus.\" \"I thoughtnthey'd cancel classes today, after what happened.\" Onnthe TV was the news. They were reporting the incident. \"Yesterday,nat Prince Charles Academy, there was a shocking murder in the famousnDiana Dorm. Insiders say the victim was teen pop singing sensationnSasha Melanie. Her first roommate was there overnight; her secondnroommate was not in the scene.\" \"Chang thenchannel.\" Rita sneered. \"No this isninteresting.\" Said Roddy. \"Thennturn it off!\" she snapped. \"Or change it to Noranthe Navigator !\" Roddy snappednthe TV off. \"I'mnsorry Rita.\" He said. \"But just know, this is my apartment.nYou're under my roof so you will obey my rules.\" Ritanlaughed. \"You're not serious are you?\" Roddy noddednhis head. \"Whatnmakes you think that you can do my dad's job? I think yournforgetting who the captain is here!\" \"Onnthe Dodger ,nyes. But here, I'm the boss.\" He confirmed. \"You look stressednenough already. Maybe I should call the school and tell them you'rennot coming today.\" \"Don't donthat.\" Said Rita. \"Please. I need to go today. There are nonretake times for the test.\" \"Are younsure?\" he asked. \"Don'tnworry about me. I'll be fine. Besides, I have Sharon and Daisynbeside me.\" Roddynsighed and nodded his head. \"I suppose you'll be alright.\" Hensaid. \"But please, at least have some medicine to relieve yournstress.\" \"ThanksnRod, but I'm fine. I never even liked her.\" She walked upstairs.nShe didn't turn back to him.[Chapter 11] Rita sat on the oldnbench in front of the high school, Blue Ram in one hand, a UTSntextbook in the other. She couldn't remember anything in thentextbook or answer any of the questions. She was stressed again. \"Oh my god Rita.\" She saw Sharon andnDaisy standing in front of her. She stood up as they put their armsnaround her. \"I hope yournalright.\" \"I'm fine.\" SaidnRita. \"I mean, we never even liked her.\" \"True, but it'snstill frightening.\" Said Daisy. \"And there's something else…\" \"What?\" \"The school might benclosing down soon. There was another murder in the Elementary School.nSome fifth grade boy was stabbed to death.\" \"Oh my god. This isnso awful. Every thing was just perfect until I started datingnAbraham.\" \"Well none of thisnis his fault.\" Said Sharon. \"We have ten minutes, let's go.\" Sharon and Daisynescorted Rita through the halls. Rita had her arms wrapped around hernschool books, as she looked at the floor. She didn't want anybodynto notice that it was her. But she didn't fool Hayden Michaels. Hencame up to them. He wasn't afraid of the serious faces her friendsnhad on. Especially Daisy's high heels clicking on the floor. \"Rita…\" They stopped, turnednaround and glared at him. \"Are you ok Rita?\" She shook her head. \"Well I'm sorrynabout what happened yesterday. I wish I could do something.\" \"Here's one thingnyou can do.\" Sharon started. \"You can leave her alone. Becausenyour not worthy of her time and she doesn't need your geekynsympathy, so give it up.\" \"You know whatnSharon? You shouldn't hate me because Rita doesn't like me. Findnyourself a life.\" He walked away. Daisynhad a look of surprise. Sharon was guiltless. \"That felt good.\"nShe said. In algebra, Ritanignored Abraham as much as possible. She was mad at him forndisrespecting her. He tapped her shoulder. She shook it off. \"Look I'm sorry…\"nhe whispered. \"I know yesterday wasn't the best.\" \"Oh now you thinknso?\" she almost snapped. \"I made you this toncheer you up.\" He handed her a creamy dessert dish in a nicelynassorted bowl with a spoon already in it, wrapped in plastic and tiednback with a lovely ribbon. \"CrèmenBrulee? You broke into a cruise ship kitchen just to get me annassorted dessert and claim that you made it.\" \"But I did. It'snmy mother's recipe. I gave one to Tilly and she loved it.\" Rita took it out ofnhis paw and placed it in her backpack. In UTS, Rita began tonspeak. \"I'm living withnRoddy now in his apartment.\" She said. \"It's nice but he seemsnto think that he's my dad whenever I'm there.\" \"What do you mean?\" \"This morning he saidnI was under his roof, so I had to obey his rules.\" \"Well,nposh mice have rules in their territories. They don't like messesnwhich is why they have maids to clean it up. Their scared of dirt.\"nSaid Daisy. \"I'dnlike to throw a sleepover there because my bedroom has a bathroom andna small lounge. I bet he'd say no because he'll know we'll makena mess out of the place. This morning, he tried to convince me tonstay there with him. I mean what does he do in the day? Sit aroundnand eat brie?\" \"Maybe. He has so muchnmoney already.\" Said Sharon. \"I bet he sits at homenand reads the dictionary all day.\" Said Rita. \"Has he ever thoughtnabout coming to school with us?\" Rita shook her head. \"They wouldn't letnhim. He didn't go through the other grades. He didn't even go tonpreschool. Besides, I don't think he'd want to. They'd put himnin Special Ed.\" \"So?\" \"So I won't allownit, even if I have to tutor him myself.\" \"Be quiet ladies.\"nSaid the teacher as she was passing them tests. \"Spread out and usensomething besides your book to cover it up with. Name five lethalnmouse traps and how they work Name five humanenmousetraps and how they work How can you tell ifnthere's a trap ahead? Name reasons whynpeople think they need to kill us Why do more humansnbuy lethal traps? Identify: Is this antrap or not? Thesenwere only some of the questions. Rita didn't know the answers tonany of these questions except the last one. She struggled to thinknabout what she heard the teacher tell them. \"Rita…\" She thought it wasnDaisy. She ignored it. \"Rita, help me…\" Rita turned around andnsaw Sasha standing there. The dead skinless corpse was staring atnher. Her lungs, heart and liver fell onto the ground. She was holdingnher skin in one hand. \"Rita, will you helpnme put my skin back on?\" Ritanblinked, and at the next moment, Sasha walked into the back room. Shenwas leaving a trail of body parts. Her eyes popped out and her brainncame out of both eye sockets. Rita got up and followed the nakedncorpse into the back room. \"Sasha where are you?\" Sasha walked out fromnanother room. \"Untilnyou figure out how to get rid of this, you must never sleep. When younsleep, he has the ability to murder. Do everything you can to staynawake.\" Suddenly,nshe fell. A green hand grabbed her ankle and dragged her. Blood,nmuscle and bones were coming out and she heard whimpering. Then shenheard a croak. \"Howndare you!\" she heard yelling. Ritanthought she was asleep. It wasn't hard to believe anymore becausenof the path of body parts and a naked skinned girl walking around thenUTS room. She heard him coming. He turned the corner, holding a hook. \"Getnout of my head!\" Rita screamed. The door vanished and she wasntrapped. \"Rita wake up!\" thenteacher yelled. She rushed over to the girl and shook her as shenscreamed in her sleep. When Rita's eyes blasted open she wasnhumiliated. \"What's the matter with you?\" Thenteacher sounded pretty angry. Rita was sent to the nurse's officenand was forced to lie down. She had no fever and her behavior wasnnormal. Wasnit really just a regular dream that had no meaning? Or was Sashantrying to warn her? At the lunch table, everybody was making jokes,nuntil she sat down with her food. She looked miserable. \"Arenyou ok?\" Abraham asked her sympathetically. \"I'mnfine.\" She said. \"You worry too much.\" She took the creamyndessert out of her backpack. \"Injust hope Tilly's feeling alright. She might of gone back tonCanada.\" \"Isnshe from Canada?\" \"Yes.\" \"Indidn't know that. So what's your new home like?\" \"It'snnice, besides the rules. I don't know them yet but he told me Inhave to obey them.\" She ate the desertnbefore the regular lunch. The moment she took her first bite, shenloved it. \"Willnyou give me the recipe to this?\" \"WishnI could.\" Said Abraham. \"But it's a family secret.\" \"Please?\" \"Sorry.\" \"Wellnbe ready to make me more.\" \"Wellnyou better be ready for practice after school.\" He said. \"You'renthe team hero you know.\" Rita sighed. \"Gee,nAbe I'm not sure if I'm going to make it. I was sent to the nursentoday and I better get home before Roddy calls me.\" \"Rita,nI think you forgot that you like every other girl signed a contractnsaying you'd addend practice everyday.\" \"I'mnnot feeling well!\" Rita snapped. \"Rita…\" \"Abraham!\"nLuigi snapped. \"Let it go. She might be the star player but she'snnot well. So leave her alone until she gets better.\" \"Thanknyou Luigi.\" Said Rita. She got up, shoved her chair into the tablenand walked off to her next class. \"SeriouslynAbraham, she does have a temper issue.\" Said Sharon. \"How manyntimes have you been warned?\" \"Threento be exact.\" \"Wellnyou should actually listen. She has serious anger issues. You couldnof lost your ability to speak if Luigi didn't say anything.\" \"Whatever.\"nAbraham sneered. \"I'm not scared yet.\" Ok,nwriters block! Dear fans please help me![Chapter 12] Rita showed up tonpractice anyway. She was in the mood for playing before doing hernhomework. Her grades were slipping and she needed a tutor fornalgebra. The only genius she knew was her coach aka boyfriend. Today,nthey were playing the actual game against each other. Half the girlsnwere wearing green jerseys. Throughout the game, Rita was verynaggressive. As the center position, she could go anywhere. During water break,nshe went up to Abraham, sweat crawling through her fur. \"You're a mathngenius right?\" \"Yeah.\" \"I need a tutor. I'mnfailing.\" \"And what does thisnhave to do with soccer?\" \"Maybe I wasn'tnclear enough.\" She said. \"I'm failing algebra and I want you tontutor me. Understand that part? And I don't mean right thisnminute.\" \"So you want mynhelp?\" \"Yes.\" \"Let me think.\" \"Yes or no?\" shenasked with impatience. \"Alright. Afternpractice today, we'll walk to my dorm and get started.\" Rita walked back withnhim after changing and showering in the locker room. She used tonsmell like sweat but now her skin had a pleasant rose scent. Abrahamnsmelled her hair from where he was and put his arm around hernshoulder. \"Don't worry babe.nI'm gonna turn you into a mathematic celebrity.\" \"So I take it yountutored before?\" said Rita. She threw her bag on the couch and gotnout her textbook. \"Actually no.\"nsaid Abraham as he went to the fridge to get her a Blue Ram. \"But Ingot an A on every test I ever had, so you should be fine.\" He sat down next tonher, kissed her on the lips quickly and handed her the drink. Shenquickly drank half the can. Abraham turned the page. \"Ok let's begin…\" They were working onnrational expressions and functions, one of the most confusing thingsnabout math Rita couldn't understand. \"Ok, you have tonfactor out the numerator of the fraction. The denominator can't benfactored…\" Rita learned more fromnhim than she did from Mrs. King. She was scared about the test onnFriday, but felt more comfortable when he showed her the step by stepnprocesses. Then, he assigned a page and went online as she worked.nWhen he checked it, he looked at her surprised. \"Very nice job.\"nHe said. \"I'd say part one of four is worth a B.\" \"A B's not toonbad.\" Said Rita. \"Hey, are those iSpy cameras?\" She noticed the markednbox. \"Yeah. My dadninvented those so I get as many as I want.\" \"So wait, you set upnsoftware and you can spy on other people?\" \"Yeah. It works likena charm. And the best part is you can watch it over and over. And Incould really get rid of this box.\" \"I'll take thencameras if you're willing to hand them out. After tutoringneveryday, we can spy on people.\" \"Well it's goodnfun.\" Said Abraham. \"Ok babe. Do what you want with them. But putnthem in the bag.\" Rita crammed them intonthe tote and slipped in the instruction booklet. \"Thanks Abe.\" \"Your welcome babe.\" They kissed quicklynand Rita walked out. When she entered the apartment, she was shockednto see Roddy sitting on the couch with another girl. Rita recognizednher as a classmate in Spanish class, Barbie Marks, named after thendoll. She was a teen model and a perfume designer. They were kissing.nRoddy's hand was shoved down her skirt. \"Roddy!\" Ritansnapped. \"What is this?\" Roddy turned aroundnand gasped. Barbie pulled away from him. \"Rita…\" Roddyntried to smile, hoping Rita would calm down. \"This is myngirlfriend.\" \"You just met hernand now your playing tonsil hockey?!\" \"What on earth?\" \"It's American!nWhat are you doing kissing Barbie Marks? I mean you just met her!\" \"I'm so sorry.\"nSaid Barbie. She stood up and grabbed her Coach purse. \"You'renhis sister?\" \"I live here.\"nSaid Rita. \"So, this must benRita.\" Said Barbie trying to change the subject. \"I've heard sonmany great things about you.\" \"You see me everydaynin Spanish.\" Rita angrily walkednupstairs into her room. What was the matter with him? She wasn'tnjealous or anything but was taken by surprise. She turned on hernstereo and listened to Ozzy Osborne as Barbie entered her room. Shennoticed that Rita redecorated the place a bit. There were posters onnthe wall and pictures from her childhood on the desk counter. \"You could havenknocked.\" \"I'm sorry aboutnbefore. That was my fault Rita. I didn't mean to scare you.\" \"Good!\" \"I just met Roddy atnBoating School.\" \"He's learning tonsteer?\" \"Both of us.\" Shensaid. \"We came back here to hang out and well I couldn't helpnmyself. He's so dreamy.\" \"It takes less thanna second to see that.\" \"So you think he'sncharming?\" \"For other girlsnyeah.\" \"I'm the one whonkissed him. He didn't kiss me.\" \"Why?\" \"His eyes sorta saidnhe wanted it. But I started it. So don't be mad at him. Be mad atnme.\" \"Fine, I will.\" \"When was the lastntime you got a good sleep?\" \"Since I entered thentwelfth grade.\" Rita pulled a Blue Ram out of the fridge. \"Wantnone?\" \"No thanks, I don'tndrink.\" \"There's nonalcohol in this. It's an energy drink.\" \"Still. Too muchncaffeine.\" \"Suit yourself. Inknow I was mean before but I was just taken by surprise.\" \"I understand.\" \"So are you goingnout with him?\" \"Not officially. Inreally don't know if I like him or not.\" \"Then why did younkiss him?\" \"I couldn'tnresist.\" \"Well neither can mynboyfriend.\" I'm a Barbie girl!nIn the Barbie world! Barbie got out anglittery pink cellphone and opened it. \"Oh. I need to getnmy nails done now. Good day.\" \"Alright.\" Rita watched, asnBarbie strut down the hall like a runway model, her blonde hairnglowing in the light of the ceiling lamps.[Chapter 13] As Rita was studyingnfor an anatomy exam, she wondered if she could trust Barbie or keepnRoddy away from her. She put away her notes on cancer aside andnpulled out a blank sheet of paper. For minutes, she slouched againstnthe chair wondering what to write. RITA When she laid her eyesnon the paper again, she saw that in bold thick handwriting \" Tell Dr. Toadnwhat's bothering you!\" Rita sharpened hernpencil. Then panicked, she scribbled. \"It's none ofnyour business.\" \"I'm dead now,nso I can watch you whenever I want. Abrahams a fine man.\" \"Why do youncare?\" \"Well let'snjust say he and I have a lot in common… don't worry my dear, hendoesn't know me. I know he's a very nice boy.\" \"When you saynthat, you make him sound like a rapist.\" \"We have the goodnthings in common.\" Rita sighed andndecided to ask him the one question that was confusing her. \"Are you reallyngoing to kill innocent people?\" \"If you tellnanyone about the nightmare.\" \"But people arendying already and I haven't said a word! You skinned Sasha and younkilled that little boy.\" \"You'rencorrect. What have you been doing during the murders?\" Rita took time tonthink, then remembered that she wasn't active during the murders. \"Sleeping…\" \"Stay awake then.nYes it is a big challenge. Get yourself some coffee beans andncaffeine. Stay away from the Blue Ram.\" \"So what's thenbig deal if I tell?\" \"Oh you'll see…nbut you better keep it quiet. You don't want to see this image innreality now do you?\" The paper flipped overnby itself. A grayscale sketch, high in detail showed a friend of hersnwith a hook though his neck. \"Roddy…\" \"Take my advice.\"nSaid Le Toad. She actually heard his voice. \"Don't say a wordnabout it.\" Red ink oozed onto thensheet from the eyes, mouth and neck. She thought it came from theninside of the desk. She looked inside and saw no blood. There was nonsource of where the blood was coming from. \"Rita!\" she jumpednout of her chair screaming. She sighed when it was only Roddy. \"What?\" \"I'm orderingnChinese Takeout. Want some?\" \"Wonton and rice!\"nshe yelled back. She got up, took the paper and placed it in herndrawer. She heard thunder from Up Top and knew they were expecting anbig storm. The Takeout arrived to the apartment. Roddy thought the storm wouldndelay the delivery. He set the table and shouted for Rita. Momentsnlater, the power went out. He felt around to find candles in thenbathroom cupboard and lit one. He placed it on the center of thentable. \"Rita!\" \"I'm coming!\" As they sat down to eat, the storm got stronger. The water roadsnoutside were dancing at a rapid pace. \"So, Boating School.\" Rita began. \"Why didn't you ask me tonteach you?\" \"You should know.\" Said Roddy calmly. \"The Dodger is at home, you never let me drive it, you have a temper problem andnI feel more comfortable with a teacher who's taught steering fornyears. Now eat your rice before it gets cold.\" Rita frowned. He was right about the first three reasons. Her eyesnrolled as she took a bite of rice. \"So how was school today?\" \"Don't ask. I failed my test.\" \"Sorry.\" \"And Abraham pissed me off.\" \"Some language you have there. American?\" \"Yes. I'm just really stressed. What do you do anyway when I'mngone?\" \"Well,nI just go out.\" Ritannoticed a light bulb go on. It was in the air though and it wasnmoving. It was a firefly. It landed on the table and crawled towardnRita to observe her. \"Younadopted a firefly?\" said Rita. \"Well he ought to be useful fornthe night.\" \"She.\"nRoddy corrected. Her name is Evana. I just adopted her today.\" \"That'snnice. So did you know Barbie for a while or did you just meet today?\" \"Hownmany times do I have to tell you how sorry I am?\" Roddy asked anlittle angered. \"She kissed me.\" \"Inknow. She told me that before she ran off to get her five hundrednpound manicure.\" Roddyngot up, took his unfinished dish, threw it in the sink and said, \"I'mngoing to bed now. You should too.\" \"I'llnbe up soon.\" Rita lied. When he went upstairs, she turned on thencoffee machine and went upstairs to get the iSpy camera. She was verynexcited about it because it was a great opportunity to see what Roddynand Barbie say about her behind her back. She took a chair, stood onnit and took the camera. No screws or drills were required. She had tonremove a layer of plastic that was covering a sticky material. Shenpressed it against the surface on the ends of the walls. She almostnfell off the chair as thunder rocked the underground city. Thencoffee machine beeped. Rita poured herself a mug and put in lots ofnsugar. When she was done, she was heading upstairs when she sawnsomething on the couch. It was a pink blouse. Barbie must of left it. \"Inthink I'll return it to her.\" That night, she barely slept at all. Evanancrawled into her room to wake her up but Rita was already in thenbathroom getting ready for school. She was wearing Barbie's low cutnshoulder bearing pink blouse to impress Abraham. She took the elasticnon her wrist and put it next to the sink. She applied hairspray tonher loose hair and looked to make sure her jeans were spotless. \"ByenRoddy!\" she yelled, moments before she left. If he saw her wearingnthat outfit, he would get mad. \"Wellnlook who's dressed up today.\" Said Sharon. \"What's thenoccasion?\" \"Nothingnreally.\" Said Rita. \"Heynbabe.\" Abraham approached from behind her and turned her around tonface him. They kissed for about three seconds before pulling away. \"Hey,ncan't wait for that dance. I got the best suit ever. It'll blownyou away.\" \"Wellnif can look better then Roddy I'll be very impressed.\" \"Whatndo you mean?\" \"Henwas wearing a tux when I first met him.\" She said. \"That'snall.\" \"Arenyou falling for him?\" Ritanturned around in surprise. Sharon and Daisy stood behind her. \"Justnbecause I think a guy is handsome doesn't mean I'm in love withnhim. He's dating Barbie Marks anyway. And besides, you're betternlooking.\" \"Inthought so.\" Said Abraham. \"Let's get to algebra before Ms.nKing gives us detention.\" Withoutnanother word, Rita walked off with him. \"ThenSphinx Larvae.\" Ritansat down in anatomy class next to Tilly whose face was hidden behindnher hat. Mr. Procter was talking about a few diseases that changed anrodent's behavior. \"Cannanyone guess why it's called that?\" he asked. Abrahamnraised his hand. \"Mr.nLincoln.\" \"Itnwas discovered in Egypt. Legend has it that rodents used them tonfight off cats, since human Egyptians worshiped them. The cat'snbelieved that our behavior was caused by God for revenge.\" \"Veryngood.\" Said Mr. Procter. \"Class, we have ourselves anvaledictorian. Excellent work Mr. Lincoln.\" Ritansat on the table across from him. \"Now.\"nMr. Procter continued. \"Larvae can enter through the body when it'sngiven to someone from a previous victim. It enters through the ears,nnose, and mouth. Sometimes it'll drill a hole in your skin. Thenvictim is in severe pain and will have the urge to run around andnkill people they see, because it crawls up to your brain and controlsnyour mental system. You don't know what's happening until yourndead.\" \"Howncan it kill you?\" \"Itneats brain cells. They always wipe them out before more can come.nIt'll drill holes in the brain if its there for too long, then itnwill crawl out your ear when it's done.\" Thisnwas one thing the class liked to hear. They didn't care aboutnbones, or body systems, but they loved hearing about deadly diseases. \"There'snonly one larva in each body. If there are more, they will not team upntogether. They kill each other.\" He took two jars, each one with anSphinx Larvae in it and put them next to each other. The wormsnstarted swimming towards one another but the glass blocked their way. \"Very interesting lesson.\" Rita told Tilly as they walked out ofnthe hall. \"Inthought it was gross.\" \"Wellnlook who's dressed up.\" Ritansaw Barbie, standing there in her silver peep toe pumps and her pinknbabydoll dress. \"Hownwas the manicure?\" Rita asked. \"Wasnfun.\" Said Barbie as she showed off her silver claws. \"You looknnice today. Is that my blouse?\" \"No.\"nsaid Rita. \"Wellnit looks like mine.\" \"Younhave a dozen.\" \"BecausenI left a pink blouse at the apartment.\" \"Sonit is your blouse. I'll give it back when I can.\" \"Butnit's mine.\" \"Inliked how it looks on me.\" Said Rita. \"Swear to god I'll neverntake your clothes again. You already impressed Roddy. I wanted tonimpress Abraham.\" \"Sashangave me that blouse.\" Tillynscreamed. \"Stopnreminding me!\" she screamed. Tears burst out of her eyes as shenfell on her knees. \"Ingot to take her to the consoler.\" Said Rita pointing at Tilly.n\"Bye.\" Ritanpicked up Tilly by the shoulders. \"Younknow very well that we were her roommates. I know she was your bestnfriend, but were more scared about the murder than you are.\" Ritanwalked away. She dragged a sobbing Tilly down the hallway. Topnof Form Bottomnof Form[Chapter 14] Rita dropped hernbackpack on the floor and pulled out her algebra textbook. Abrahamnwas looking over the chapter for the upcoming test with her. Thenlesson went by quicker because she actually paid attention in classnthat day. \"So square root ofntwenty seven. The perfect square nine multiplies into that threentimes. Outside the square root you put three because it's thensquare root of nine and leave the other three inside the squarenroot.\" \"I get it now.\" They closed theirnbooks. \"I think this is thenfastest we went over this. You ready for the test?\" \"I think so.\" \"Well heres somengood luck.\" He laid her head onnthe arm of the couch and kissed her on the lips. Rita liked it so shenpulled him by his shirt closer and kissed him for even longer. Asntheir lips still touched, Rita unbuttoned the rest of his shirt.nAbe's roommate would have been disgusted. Roddy might have feltnworse. \"Oh! The spyncamera!\" said Rita. \"I hooked it up.\" \"Great. Let's spynon him.\" Abe turned on thencomputer and pulled up a chair for Rita. Five minutes later he loggednonto the software that came with the cameras. \"So you hooked upncamera five. What should we name it?\" \"Just 'livingnroom' or something.\" Abraham double clickednon the image if the last camera to the right. The screen appeared inncolor. \"Check out what youncan do on the computer. Press shift Z to zoom in and control Z tonzoom out. You can move the camera around with the arrow keys.\" Shenwatched Roddy walk down the stairs in gym clothes. \"Jesus Christ…\" Roddy turned on annaerobics channel with Richard Simmons. The couple started cracking upnat Roddy and at what Richard was wearing. \"Did you know aboutnthis?\" \"No. He never toldnme.\" Said Rita. \"He told me all his deep secrets but didn'tnmention this to me at all.\" The phone at Roddy'snplace rang. \"Hey Mrs. Douma…nSounds good… ok I'll change up and be there soon.\" Ten minutes later, hencame down wearing jeans and holding a guitar case. \"Now what is hendoing?\" Rita sneered. \"Don't questionnhim. He'll find out our secret.\" \"Don't worry dear.nI won't say a word. I have to go. Bye Ducky.\" She kissed himnquickly, grabbed her tote and walked home. In the halls was an oldnlady getting her newspaper noticed her walking up to the door. \"Well hellonsweetheart.\" Her voice sounded inviting but Rita sensed there wasnsomething in her throat making her motherly voice croak. Rita wasntaught as a child to never talk to strangers but she was looking outnfor herself. It was just an old lady any way. \"Oh hi.\" \"Are you visitingnyour grandfather?\" \"I live withnRoderick St. James.\" \"Aww… He's quitena gent. A good looking fellow if you ask me. Are you his sister?\" \"Were friends.\" \"Oh… Honey younlook tired.\" \"I'mnfine.\" \"Getnsome sleep.\" Rita sensed an utterndisturbance. When she blinked, Le Toad was standing there in the oldnladies place wearing her clothes and holding the paper. Withoutnsaying another word, Rita left. The old man came outnof the apartment. He was the landlord of the building but Rita nevernknew that. \"I have my eyes onnher.\" He said. \"I feel like she's going to do something reallynstupid.\" \"Why dear?\" \"She's a Malone,nthat's why.\" Rita took a peanutnbutter granola bar out of the snack bin and chewed while doing hernhomework. She wiped eraser marks and crumbs off the pages every fewnminutes. In her Up Top survival class, they were studying snakes. Anfew pictures showed a poor rodent being attacked and then eatennalive. The one she had her eye on for the longest was a red snakenwith piercing egg green eyes. Snakes arencompletely carnivous. They catch their pray by attacking them, alwaysngoing for the head. If the pray bites the snake anywhere, thenpredator will refuse to eat them. Chances of surviving a snake attacknare extremely rare depending on the kind of snake. Most snakes havenpoisonous fangs that enter the prey's body. The victim always diesnbefore it is swallowed. As it's going inside, its neck will snapnapart. The head goes in first, ending with the tail. A snake's dietnconsists of us, chicks and at times, other snakes. \"How can anyone takenthis class and not be scared for their lives?\" she asked herself.n\"I bet Tilly faints everyday.\" The next time sheninhaled the air, she picked up an awful stench. She immediately knewnit was her. \"I need a shower.\"nShe told herself. She left her homework and food on the granitensurface and undressed as she went upstairs. She got up just in timenbecause Roddy walked in with Barbie. \"That was so sweetnof you, to sing to the orphans.\" \"Well I enjoy it anlot.\" Said Roddy. He placed his guitar in the custodial closet. \"I bet Rita'snimpressed.\" \"Funny thing.\"nRoddy filled up himself a glass of ice cold water. \"I never reallyntold her.\" \"Why not?\" \"Well you know sheninsults me a lot. What if she laughs at me?\" \"She'll only laughnwhen she finds out you work out.\" Barbie smirked. \"I sang to her once…nshe almost threw me in the current.\" \"Really.\" Barbiensat down next to him. \"Tell me.\" Rita twisted bothnknobs and took cover incase if the temperature was too hot or cold.nHer hand reached out to feel the water. She turned the cold down andnthe hot up a notch and stepped in. The water raining out of the hosensprayed on her chest. Rita soaked her hair under the water whilensmelling John Frieda's Radiant Red shampoo. She squeezed a yolknsized amount and lathered it into her hair. A microscopic amountncrawled into her eye. Rita pressed water against it as she cursednunder her breath. She opened her eye and blinked to feel the stinkingnfade. As she washed the shampoo out of her hair, something reallynstrange was coming out of the surface drain. She didn't noticenuntil she soaked out the wine colored conditioner from her hair. Outnof the pipes came seasick green water. \"What the devil?\"nThe water above began to burst out like the Great Flood. It stabbednher in the back like twenty daggers. She spun around to turn it off.nBoth knobs shot off and fell on her feet like boulders. She cried outnin pain as ice cold and boiling hot water came out. Momentarily, thenshower filled up like a glass of water. She banged her wrists on thenglass door but it wouldn't open. \"Surprise!\" Le Toad pressed hisnface against the glass door. Rita covered up embarrassed andnfrightened. \"Let me out!\" The water went up tonher chest. \"Hold your nose!\"nhe roared in excitement. \"RODDY!\" \"So the slugs sangnalong?\" Roddy ignored Barbie'snquestion and pointed his ears in the air. \"RODDY!\" \"Oh my god.\" Roddynmuttered. \"Oh my god!\" he hopped off the couch and racednupstairs. Barbie ran after him. The water was fillednall the way to the top. Rita swam to the surface but strangely, thenwater prevented her from coming up for air. Roddy pulled on thenbathroom door. \"Locked.\" \"Here.\" Barbie used one of hernlong pink nails to unlock the door. Roddy looked up in surprise thennremembered Rita was in serious trouble. They ran in to see hernhuddled in the corner of the shower. Roddy and Barbie stared at eachnother in confusion. Roddy then opened the door. \"Rita? What'snwrong?\" Barbie handed him antowel. He walked in and wrapped it around Rita's chest. \"Rita…\" She was shaking like ansevere earthquake. Her eyes were glued open. \"What happened?\" She gasped for air andnstarted coughing. Roddy massaged the back of her neck hoping it wouldnhelp. She looked down at her feet to see they were bruised. Barbienhelped Rita dress and tried to talk to her. Rita refused to speak asnshe held back tears. Barbie gave up on her and Roddy couldn't get anword out of her either. \"It was thentwelfth grade level of my life.\" Rita was watching X-Files on TV as she fought hard to stay awake. \"I can'tnbelieve I'm telling you this!\" Scully laughed as she took a sipnof wine. \"I don'tnbelieve you haven't told me before.\" Said Mulder. Dana and Fox werenhaving a conversation. It was a favorite of a lot of fans and Ritandidn't understand why. \"Do you ever wishnthat you could go back and do it all differently?\" \"Do you?\"nScully asked. They didn't saynanother word. Mulder scooted closer to her. He moved his head slowly.nTheir lips were a cell apart when the door slammed open. Muldernwalked in. After that, the TVnstarted to fizz. As Rita got up to fix it, an image of a hook camenon. She felt something attacking her from inside her head. Her coffeenmug spilled on the white carpet. Rita gritted her teeth and squeezednher skull. Her knees sunk into the fiber of the flooring. She nownknew know what Le Toad would do unless if she got some rest. Shendragged herself to the soft arm chair and climbed just to sit in it. After that, her eyesnrefused to blink. They began to dry out and blur. Soon the lightsnwent out. Her vision regained asnshe felt the worst pain. Rita felt like a needle was in her head. Shenwasn't at the apartment or the Floodgate. Bright blue lightsnflashed everywhere as giants walked by her. She was in a humannlaboratory in a restraining chair. \"You see, insidenthat needle is the virus.\" The professor explained. \"We do thisnto see how fast it kills the rats so we know how much time we'llnhave to get the victim to the hospital on time. This one here is anreal squeaker.\" He held the stop watch in his palm. \"We have anrecord here. Twenty minutes and she's still alive. Interesting.\" Rita would normallynsquirm. She could handle wrist and ankle cuffs but the headnrestraining device and needle held her back. She thought aboutnscreaming, but the last time that happened, Roddy thought she wasnasking for attention. The vision shattered and she found herself innthe comfort of her own chamber. Curious, she ran into the bathroomnand looked into the mirror. There wasn't a hole in her brain, but anmark on the skin where it pinned through. It stood out like a zit. Then she finallynrealized; asleep, she'd endanger the lives of innocent people.nAwake, she was destroying her own life.[Chapter 15] The sticky patch onnRita's forehead looked ridiculous. But without it, she looked likena girl from India. But she had an easy excuse; she slipped on somensewer water and hit her forehead on a sharp pebble. When she got ready,nshe noticed her feet got worse. From the shower incident, one was sonfrozen, it left blue markings. The other one was fried to a crisp.nShe placed a sock over the cold one. After she got dressed in a blacknsweater and tan jeans, she slid down the railway and went into thenkitchen. Roddy wasn't around so she opened the cupboard and got outna coffee bean. Then she filled a small bag with ice and put it in hernother boot to cool down her hot foot. In the next room, Rita heardnthe sink turn on. She stuffed the bean in her bag and walked out ofnthe apartment before Roddy came out of the bathroom. \"What happened tonyou?\" Abraham asked almost laughing. \"I slipped, that'snwhat.\" Rita sneered. \"Hey, don't getnmad at me Toots.\" He warned. \"I just had a reallynrough night that's all.\" \"What happened?\" Rita lied and told himnanatomy homework was hard, even though it was a piece of cake. \"So, excited for thendissection?\" \"The what?\" \"Were dissectingnfireflies today.\" Rita stopped and gavenhim a puzzled expression. \"Wait, were goingnto dissect fireflies?\" she said with disbelief. \"Yeah, don't younremember?\" \"No.\" she shooknher head. Right as they walked into the laboratory, she said, \"What'snthe point of it anyway, it's cruel.\" \"They died ofnnatural causes Baby.\" \"It doesn't matternhow they died.\" Said Rita, \"But it's not right. Aren't younaware that humans do it to us?\" \"Our systems arenvery alike.\" \"That's not annexcuse to go messing with a dead body.\" \"Then what do younsuppose you do with it then?\" Rita looked strait atnhim almost laughing at his stupid question. \"Easy. You turnnaround and leave it alone to rest.\" After that, she walkednto her table, placed her book down and stood up strait on the stool.nThe bell screamed as Mr. Procter stepped in with a bin. \"Alright class,nenough with the useless chitter chatter. This dissection is a verynimportant part of your grade. You must dissect the lungs and stomach.nYou'll get extra credit for the heart.\" He walked by groups,ntwo per each table, tossing a dead firefly like it was a slab ofnribs. \"You have until thenend of the period. Good luck.\" Rita and Tilly spentnthe first two minutes staring at the insect before them. Rita rollednher eyes as she watched Abraham immediately in action with hisnsurgical tools. \"Can you believenhim?\" \"I'll cut it opennif you do the dissecting.\" Rita shook her headnbut agreed with Tilly's plan. \"This is so wrong.\"nSaid Tilly. \"Go over to Abrahamnand tell him that. He seems to be having a good time.\" Tilly looked atnAbraham who was working with his partner. They were snickering asnthey took the surgical tools and dug them into the poor firefly. Ritansuddenly felt sick. \"Well, let's getnthis over with.\" She said. Tilly took the surgical knife and slidnit against the firefly's chest. She was near tears, feeling as ifnshe killed the poor guy. Rita pulled on the rip and placed pins downnon its opened skin. The girls observed the inside carefully withnwonder and disgust. Rita pulled out a skinny pin on a rod butnstopped. Something was wrong. \"Oh Jesus.\" Shenmuttered. \"What?\" Her eyes tapednthemselves open and dried out as her eyesight began to blur. Shencould hear a heart pounding but it wasn't hers. She looked down tonsee the firefly's heart was beating at a normal rate. \"What are younwaiting for?\" Tilly asked. Rita didn't hearnher. The bug's light flickered like and old light bulb. When itncame into full blaze, she saw its mouth opening. The insect began tonkick its legs and chirp. It rolled over and started to walk acrossnthe table. Rita slapped it back to the table but it bit her. Her armsnsnapped back in frustration. Le Toad is playingnmind games with you, she told herself. \"Just do the lab.\" \"Yes Rita, do whatnyour told.\" She looked down at the firefly again. It's lips werenmoving and Le Toads words were slipping out. Rita stepped backnscreaming. All heads turned on her. It took them surprise like anballoon that popped. The girl took her dissection tool and stabbednthe bug several times as she yelled, \"Die already will you!\" Theynwere all too afraid to do anything. When she saw that the tool wasnuseless, she backed off to a counter top and sat there hoping thenfirefly wouldn't reach her. As she continued to scream, Mr. Procternand Abraham took action. Abraham ran up tonRita, grabbed her by the shoulders and shook her. \"Whats the problem?\"nhe barked. \"Let me handle thisnson.\" Said Mr. Procter. He couldn't seem to get Ritas attentionnso he slapped her. \"What did you donthat for?\" Abraham snapped. Rita then just satnthere in silence. She moved her eyes to see how humiliated she shouldnhave been. \"Come with me miss.\" \"I didn't donanything I swear!\" she yelled. \"I know. I stillnneed you to come with me.\" Without another word,nshe stepped out of the classroom and was led to the nurse's office.nRita was crying of humiliation as the office workers took quicknglances at her face which was streaked with tears. \"It's fine to benupset.\" Said Mr. Procter. \"Your not the only student I had whonhas problems with dissections. It makes a lot of people sick.\" Hengave her a soft push through the door. The lady in the pink shirt wasnworking in the back. \"This fine lady is going to stay here for anwhile. She had a breakdown during a dissection so it's best shenrelaxes.\" \"Ah her again.\"nSaid the nurse. \"That's the second time I had to help her.\" \"What happened?\" \"She passed out innher dorm bathroom.\" Said the nurse. \"But I wouldn't worry.\" Mr. Procter went backnto the laboratory. The nurse finished an email and went over to Rita. \"You can lay down ifnyou want.\" She said. Rita shook her head. The nurse brought out anflashlight. When it clicked on, she observed Ritas face and looked atnher eyes. \"Well heres the problem. You haven't slept. Thatnexplains the breakdown.\" She went into the next room and came outnwith a small cup of thick pink syrup. \"I'm not sick.\"nSaid Rita. \"But you're herenfor a reason.\" Rita took the medicinenand swallowed it in one gulp. \"Whats this fornanyway?\" \"It'll make younsleep like a baby.\" \"Sleep?\" shengasped. \"No…\" \"Whats the matter?\" Rita dashed over tonher bag and took out the coffee bean. She ground it down in her mouthnbut its power wasn't strong enough. Her head hung down and hernthoughts were no longer in her control. At lunch, Abrahamnstepped outside by himself. He went outside of the school to find anprivate place. In the opposite direction, Roddy was walking to thenpreschool service center. When the posh rat saw Abe behind anbuilding, he went over to see what he was doing. Abe looked aroundnand then took a box out of his backpack. Inside were a bunch of whitensticks, as Roddy witnessed. Abraham them took a match from his sidenpocket and lit the end of the stick. Roddy gasped quietlynas Abe sucked on the cigarette. He knew he had to tell Rita but shenwould laugh and not listen to him. He stood there helplessly andnwatched Rita's boyfriend puff out smoke. Then he got out a steroidnvaccine and injected it into his arm. \"Good lord…\" All Rita and Abrahamnever did at his dorm now was spy on Roddy. Spying on Roddy was likenwatching Comedy Central. But Abe recently has somehow been getting onnRita's nerves. She didn't want his harm around her, she didn'tnwant to kiss him nor did she feel like talking to him. She wasnfeeling insecure around him. They've dated for a while and he actednlike their married. He probably named his kids, she thought as shentossed her tote on the couch. \"Are you sure younwant to do this?\" he asked. \"After what happened today…\" \"Forget about whatnwent on. I wanna spy now.\" She complained. Abe sighed and loggedninto the software. \"I'm telling younBarbie, it's useless.\" Rita pulled up anchair. Abraham put an arm around her. Uncomfortable, she sat upnstrait. \"What are yountalking about? It always works.\" Barbie protested as she sat on thencouch filing her nails. \"On TV its works.\"nSaid Roddy. \"But let's face it. This is reality.\" \"I know you'rensick of Rita dating that American. Pretending to date me will totallynturn her on to how precious you are.\" \"I'll clearlynexplain this one more time. It's useless. Barb you're a sweetngirl, but your plan wont work. Let's face it. She loves that guy.\" Abraham smirked at hisnstatement. \"So how do younsuppose you win her over? Convince her to dump Abraham?\" \"I have no right tondo that!\" Roddy snapped. \"I know he's a bad person. And I'mnnot making this up. Haven't you heard if you truly love someone,nyou'll let them go?\" \"I have. But don'tnyou want Rita to be safe?\" \"Yeah, I think I'venbeen a bit strong on her lately. Ever since she moved in, I startednto make rules. Her parents asked me to watch over her and protect hernfrom harm. I can't physically defeat Abraham so I'm doing my bestnto shield her from the evils of this world. And after that showernincident, I'm really worried that something is bothering her. Andnwhat's worse is that she wont say anything to me!\" \"You do sound like anfather.\" \"I just don't wantnanything to happen to her…\" Roddy took a deep sigh. \"BecausenI'm in love with her.\" Rita sat therenparalyzed. Abraham was even more shocked. Some posh boy was in lovenwith his girl? He wouldn't have it! \"I mean, she'snamazing. A woman like her is impossible to find.\" \"Well she is one inna million.\" \"She's sonbeautiful… the first thing I noticed about her were how her eyesnreminded me of emeralds.\" Rita started to smile.nShe never thought she would that day but her mood was turned around. \"You're sonromantic. Rita would be crazy not to give you a chance.\" \"I really wish shenwould. I'd be twice as good as Abraham. Does he even look like anromantic guy to you?\" \"No.\" \"He's a cracknhead.\" Said Roddy. \"Today on my way to the daycare, I caught himnsmoking. He even had steroids in his backpack. I'm scared because,nbloody hell she could get raped or something!\" Abraham turned off thencomputer. Rita's smile dropped to a frown. \"I can't believenyou!\" Rita snapped. \"You lied to me?\" \"I never said Indidn't take drugs so technically no.\" \"Are you a druggie,nyes or no?\" \"What's the bigndifference?\" Abraham snapped. \"Oh you'll bensurprised.\" Rita dug through his backpack. \"What do you thinknyour doing?\" he snapped again. \"Ah ha!\" Ritanchanted. She pulled out a box of cigarettes. \"Explain this then!nDid you mistake them for chalk?\" she chugged the box at him. \"I'mndone.\" \"With what?nScreaming?\" \"With you!\" \"Wait… are younbreaking up with me?\" \"What else could itnmean?\" she exaggerated. \"C'mon babe.\" Henwalked up to her. She backed away against the wall. \"Your not gonnanlet a few cigarettes come between us now are you?\" When she had nonplace to run, he cornered her. Abraham leaned his forehead againstnhers and looked deep in her eyes. \"Are you?\" When Rita attempted toncrawl out, he picked her up and dragged her to his bed. He pushed herndown onto the mattress, ignoring her insults and protests. \"You can scream allnyou want. The doors are soundproof in this dorm.\" He pinned her down bynthe shoulders and kissed her neck. She shook her head back andnfourth. Abe pressed his palm on her forehead and still pecked hernchest several times. He felt her soften up as she relaxed herself andnstarted to moan. Just when he though she'd give in to him, shenpushed off of her and grabbed her bag. \"I'm telling thenschool!\" she threatened. \"You're off thenteam Malone!\" he snapped. \"This isn't over, you hear me?\" \"Believe me, it endsntonight.\" She slammed the door as her eyes began to water. Shenwiped her fingers across her eyelashes to dry the tears. Anytime, henwould run out and chase after her. She took the stairs and ran out ofncampus as fast as possible. Roddy was still homenbut Barbie just left. Rita snuck upstairs and lay on her bed wherenshe cried her eyes out.[Chapter 16] \"So tired…\" thenchild moaned. Her eyes were like dried raisins and her mind was likena computer failing to work. Rita sat on the marble colored carpet innher 'chamber' in front of the window that led to the roof. Shengot up, half naked in her Union Jack lingerie to look out the window. There was nothingnexciting about the sewer she lived in. But being a rat, it was thensafest place to live. Roddy told her about the hatred humans hadntowards them. They were dangerous demons but their world wasncaptivating, with their sky, stars, flowers and clouds. Those werensome of the many things Rita wanted to see. She heard a small cracknof thunder from Up Top. Her excitement grew over her tiredness as shenslid the glass door open and walked onto the roof. She leaned on thenfence and looked out to the alley way. Rita could tell there wasnsomething going on and she wanted to witness it. She ran back intonthe apartment. As she walked into the bathroom, a figure was climbingnup the building… Rita's eyes burnednwhen she turned on the lights. She used a switch to tone it down. Itnwas darker with weak orange lights. It felt romantic and yet scary.nWhen she opened the cabinet, she saw a capsule of pills. \"Wake-Aid?\" She read the back.n\"For people who need to stay awake at work.\" She grinned happilynbut grew concerned. What if the pill wasn't strong enough? She'dnhave to do something that would grab her attention so much, shenwouldn't even think of sleep. But what? When she thought about thenthunder, she was reminded of Up Top. To get Up Top, she'd take anboat or swim down the rapids. But her boat was at her parent'snhouse. Then she was thinkingnof summer camp. What did girls do at night when the consoler isn'tnaround? Skinny dipping! Rita took the capsule back into her room andntossed them on the bed. Then she went to her living room. She openedna trunk to get a blanket. She was clueless about the shadow lookingnthrough her door that would of kidnapped her if the glass didn'tnseparate them. Lucky thing she kept it locked. Rita was caucus as shenwalked down the stairs. Roddy could wake up to the smallest flick tonmake a sound. When she got to the kitchen, she filled a glass withnmilk and swallowed two pills. Then she was ready to leave. She was relieved tonget out of the building. Chances were somebody would hear the garagenscreech open. The nearest dock was ten human feet away. Her feet madenno noise as she rushed over to feel the nasty green water. She put anfinger in and the next second, jumped. The water was ice coldnfreezing. She began to stroke her arms to where she believed was thenclosest manhole. She swam to the sides afraid of getting hit by anboater. Rita became used to the water, like she was a mermaid whonlived there. She felt like the little mermaid every time she took angulp and looked at the critters underwater. She saw snails, slugs,nroaches and fireflies. They sang harmonically soothing sounds whichncaused her to dive off. She continued to swim until she reached anlighter area. Above her was a manhole. Rita could only see twinklingndots on a black gown. Drops of fresh water were dripping through thenholes as she heard more thunder. The water fell on her head as shensaw a bright light go by in the speed of light. She decided to swimnback before things got too ugly. Her muscles grew soar and tired butnshe remained persistent. When young Rita dove under the water again,nshe saw something very strange. It was huge. When she felt it againstnher foot, her bones chilled like dry ice. The water lifted hernhigher. Little waves were coming down the rapids. The storm Up Topnwas getting much stronger. Whatever that thing was got pushed by thenwaves onto the side. When Rita swam up to it, she recognized it. The green skin, thenstabbed eyes… When she saw it was LenToads body that she threw away a while ago she screamed. Quickly, shentried to swim back. The waves grew stronger and she got weaker. Soonnthey became bigger than her. She coughed and gasped for air but wavesnpiled on her. Roddy went outside innhis everyday clothes. He looked worn out and very disturbed. Henwouldn't be surprised if his anger scared Rita. He saw the milkncarton and wake aid pills. He randomly guessed where she was. \"Rita?\" she stompednonto the dock. He saw a green blanket on the wooden surface. \"Rita,nyou here?\" He took out a flashlight and scanned the waters nearby.nThe waves made it hard to focus. One wave passed by. It dragged anbush of something red. Roddy put his hand in to feel hair. \"Rita,nhold on!\" He pulled her out and grabbed her by the shoulders. Shenlooked like a dead fish. He laid her down. \"Can you hear me?\"nWhen he got no reply, he decided to use a method he just learnednabout. He performed thirty chest compressions in eight seconds andngave her CPR twice. When he felt her pulse, it was moving. He tried CPR one morentime before Rita started gagging. She rolled over to face the groundnand puked. \"Rita, can you hearnme?\" She was seeing doublenbefore her eyesight returned to normal. Roddy wrapped the blanketnaround her shoulders as she inhaled the air and coughed again. Roddynfelt her forehead. \"You're mad aren'tnyou?\" \"I'm more worriednthan angry. The moment we get back, you will tell me what'snbothering you.\" He lifted her up in his arms. As he headed backnhome, he swore he heard a click. \"Get your hands offnmy girl.\" Roddy turned around tonsee a very pissed off Abraham holding a gun. \"Put the Nic down!\"nAbe threatened. \"You never told me henwas armed.\" \"I didn't know.\"nRita snapped. \"Yeah, he didn'tnknow I was armed but hey, he caught me doing drugs.\" \"How do you knownthat?\" Roddy asked. \"You see, Rita and Inspy on you everyday after school.\" \"Abraham, be quiet!\" \"It was your ideanDollface.\" Roddy glared at Ritanwith disbelief. \"What did you see?\"nhe asked. \"How did you do it?\" \"Everything.\" SaidnRita. \"Barbie was only helping you get my attention; you're innlove with me and Abrahams a crack head. I broke up with him fornthat!\" \"Well I'm glad youndid. It's about time you got rid of him.\" \"Hey Posh Boy! I'mnright here!\" \"Rod, can we pleasengo home?\" Rita started crying again. \"Of corse.\" Hensaid. \"But he could kill me.\" \"Place her down onnthe ground and step back.\" \"What is going onnhere?\" The three werendistracted by an old man. It was the landlord. He waked slowly with ancane in his grip and was wearing a pajama gown. \"So what's allnthis?\" he looked at the scene, disgusted. \"Back off old man!\"nAbraham snapped. \"Don't tell me whatnto do ponytails!\" \"Sir, be quiet.\"nRoddy warned. \"He's armed.\" Rita placed her armsnaround Roddy and sobbed on his neck. His pulse was pounding like anparasite trying to break through. \"Young man, put thengun away or I will call the police.\" \"Screw the police!\"nAbraham cried. \"What are they gonna do?\" Roddy was too scared asnthe old landlord came closer to Abraham. He trembled toward himnfearlessly. \"You wouldn't darenshoot an old man.\" He said. \"In England the law is to respectnyour elders.\" \"Or else what?\" Thenyoung rat snickered. \"We won't respectnyou.\" The next second, thenold man grabbed his cane and rammed it into Abraham's crotch.nAbraham dropped the gun on the ground as the old man whacked him likenan axe to wood. He kicked the gun into the water. \"Get out of herennow!\" he snapped. Roddy nodded is head and ran off with Rita backnto the apartment. She was still sniffling after he placed her down onnthe couch. \"I'll be rightnback.\" He said. When he returned, he placed his bathrobe around hernand laid out towels on the cushions. He rested her head on a pillownand pulled a blanket over her. Rita moaned stressfully as Roddy litnthe fireplace. He pulled up a chair beside her. \"What was he talkingnabout?\" he began. \"Was he kidding?\" Rita hesitated to speaknand stared into the crackling fire. It reminded her of what happenednto Roddy in her nightmare. As the flames rose up and down she couldnsee herself and Le Toad. She was screaming with fright as the fieryntoad slit her throat. \"Rita.\" He shooknher. \"Did you hear me?\" \"What?\" \"Was he joking?\" \"Abraham or Le Toad?\" \"Why would you bringnup him?\" \"Who?\" \"Le Toad.\" \"Oh him. My mind mustnhave spun off for a moment. Abraham was telling the truth about thenwhole spy business. It's attached to the wall over there.\" Roddy looked over andnsaw the small camera on the top of the wall. He felt stupid for notnnoticing it. \"And tell me aboutnwhat you saw.\" \"You and Barbie werennever dating. She was only helping you. I wasn't jealous but justnsurprised when I walked in that day. And you said you eavesdropped onnAbraham and witnessed him using drugs.\" \"And I thought younwouldn't believe me.\" \"I trusted him. Fornthe first time, I get into a relationship and it's with a druggie.\" \"First relationshipsnaren't always the best.\" Said Roddy. \"And you admittednthat you were in love with me.\" A small tear fell down her face. \"I'm sorry that Instartled you.\" He wiped the tear away. \"I understand that youndon't think of me in that manner and I'm fine with it.\" \"Its not that.\"nSaid Rita. She sighed. \"Right now, I don't want to lose you.\" \"What's all this?nI'm not going anywhere.\" \"I don't know how Infeel about you right now.\" Said Rita. \"But I can't sleep.\" \"You haven't sleptnin days. I opened up the kitchen cabinet and all the coffee was gone.nYou need to sleep.\" \"I said no.\" \"Look, I have somentablets that can help you fall asleep.\" \"For the last time, Indon't want to sleep!\" she snapped. \"It puts the lives ofninnocent children in danger!\" a hint about her secret slipped rightnout of her mouth. She was hopeful that he didn't hear her but henlooked at her strangely. \"I'm confused.\"nHe said. \"What's going on? Did Abraham hurt you?\" \"It has nothing to donwith that bloke!\" she yelled. \"It's Le Toad! He won't leavenme alone!\" \"The toad? Where isnhe? How did he get in here?\" \"He's dead!\" shenexplained. \"I killed him because he was scaring me and I threw hisnbody in the water.\" \"When did thisnhappen?\" \"The day before wenleft!\" she sobbed. \"When you were gone with Sharon and Daisy, hencame aboard and tried to kill me! So I stabbed him! He's dead butnhe's inside my head as we speak.\" \"He's inside yournhead.\" \"And the only way hengets out is if I sleep. That's when he goes out and kills people. Indon't know how he does it but I know it was him who skinned Sasha!nI found a hook on her bed, which was his murder weapon!\" \"Wait, wait, wait!nCalm down. How do you know all this? Its as if you snuck in there andnwitnessed the murder yourself!\" \"I have proof. Thenhook is under my bed pillow.\" \"What made you thinknit was his? All the times we met up with him, he never had a fishingnhook nor was he a murderer!\" \"Fine! I might asnwell tell you.\" \"Tell me what?\" \"You want to knownwhat's been bothering me?\" she stood up. \"I kept it silentnbecause he told me everyone would die! I had a nightmare before wenleft that he killed everyone! They were all hanging from hooksnthrough their necks.\" \"Where was I?\" \"Burned to a crisp.\"nShe said. \"He was going to have you for dinner. He locked you in annoven. And than he killed me, which is where I woke up.\" Roddy stood therenshaking his head in disbelief. Tears came out of Rita's eyes as shensobbed again. \"What else would Inhave to say?\" she snapped. \"I'm serious! Now everyone's goingnto die, including you! I wasn't supposed to tell anyone about thendream he said, or the scene before me would be a reality!\" \"So since it'snrevealed, our lives are officially in danger?\" \"Stop messing around!nSasha's murder, the shower incident, and my behavior all link up tonthat one nightmare! I don't know what to do now but if I don't donsomething, you're going to die! Everyone except myself.\" Shenleaned her forehead of the edge of the glass coffee table and criednagainst it. Roddy pulled her up and held her in his arms to comfortnher. He scratched her head lovingly as hot tears burned on his chest,ninto his pounding heart. \"You seem verynserious. I'm convinced. Usually I don't believe in supernaturalnor paranormal events. I'll see if I can find a psychotherapist.\" \"What's that?\" \"Their doctors whonhelp people with mental and emotional illnesses. Maybe they can helpnin some way.\" He pulled out a thicknyellow book, put his finger in his moth and used it to flip to then\"PSY\" section. Open 24 hours NancynThomson's hospital for nightmares. Dream catcher not working? Scarenthe beasts away. Call us now. \"Maybe forgetting himncan work.\" Said Roddy. \"Forget about him?\" \"Yes. I bet thesenguys can make it so that you won't remember him as evil. If someonenbrings it up, you won't show any fear. Usually fear gives thesenspirits power. Courage is their weakness. Maybe if you stay brave, henwon't harm anyone. He made it to scare you.\" That night, he stayednup with her. They played cards, kept the lights on and would splashnthemselves with chilled water. The next day, Roddy called the schoolnand said she was ill. Roddy wrote the address of the hospital on anscrap of paper, put it in his jacket and told Rita to come in hernpajamas. There was no telling what would happen next.[Chapter 17] The hospital lookednlike a clinic for dentistry. There was no pull up garage fornemergency vehicles nor was there a huge parking lot for visitors andndoctors. The yellow boat with a line of black and white checkersnacross it's doors pulled over to the front door. \"Thanks for takingnus this far.\" Said Roddy. \"But this is all we have.\" He handednthe smoking taxi driver a heap of cash. The driver glared at himndarkly as if to say, \"Yeah, yeah, just go.\" \"Thank you forncoming Mr. St. James.\" The black rat, Nurse Markowitz walked themndown the hall. \"We haven't had an issue with dreams in a longntime and it's great to work in a challenge.\" \"How hard is itngoing to be?\" The black rat ignorednhis question and opened a door for Rita into a white room. A smallngurney stood against the wall with various machines standing aroundnit. A TV screen that had no buttons or a remote stood at the cornernand on the other side was what looked like a plain board of granite.nRita turned around but Roddy stopped her. \"May I ask you tonlay down miss?\" Roddy pulled thensheets out for her as she unzipped her jacket. A tall woman in a labncoat came in holding a clipboard. The posh rat was stuck by the womannbefore him. Her figure was very petite yet healthy. She didn't havenan hourglass body like Rita but a very slim figure. Her bombshellnhoney hair reached down to her waist and smelled of oranges. \"Hi. You must be Mr.nSt. James. I'm Doctor Nancy Thompson.\" After they shook hands,nNancy checked up on Rita who was sitting on the bed. She seemed toonafraid to lie down. \"What seems to be the problem?\" \"It's a dreamingnproblem.\" Said Roddy. \"Well we haven'tnhad one of those come for years.\" Said Dr. Thompson. \"You callednthis morning for Rita?\" \"That's correct.\" \"I need you to fillnout this form for me. It just asks what the problem is, andninformation about the patient we should know.\" She handed him thenclipboard and pencil and waved her arm over to a chair. When Roddyngot busy, she went to the patient. \"Nice meeting younagain Rita.\" She said. \"How's your family?\" \"Have we metnbefore?\" said Rita. \"You were eight.nDon't you remember me? Your parents sent you in to have yournnightmares erased. I'm surprised they came back. Is there anythingndifferent than before?\" \"It was just onennightmare about people dying and one by one students at my schoolnwere getting murdered. My roommate was skinned.\" \"Oh dear. Anythingnelse?\" \"Yeah. When I'mnawake, people are safe from harm but while I'm awake, he finds waysnto torture me.\" \"Ok, well were goingnto meet this guy. I need you to lie down and relax.\" \"People will keepngetting killed.\" \"We arenprofessionals.\" Said Dr. Thompson. \"I assure you no ones going tonget hurt.\" Rita still didn'tnmove. Markowitz pushed her legs onto the lumpy mattress and pullednthe blanket over her. He pushed her head down on the pillow and putnwhat looked like suction cups on her temples. The wires attachednconnected to the TV. For the other machine, the nurse snapped a wristncuff wired to it. Roddy gave the clipboard back to Dr. Thompson whonexamined it quickly. \"Thank you. First,nwere going to put Rita to sleep and meet this guy. Chances are he'llnshow up. That TV screen right there, shows us the dream the same waynRita see's it. That flat board there monitors her fear. The orangenbars represent fear. When they go past the white line, we wake hernup. Any questions?\" Since there wasnsilence from both visitors, they prepared. \"Roddy, I don'tnthink this is a good idea.\" \"I assure you no onenwill get hurt this time. Do as the doctors say.\" \"I'm scared tondeath of hospitals.\" She added. \"I'm right herenfor you.\" Said Roddy. \"I won't let them harm you. Their justndoing their jobs.\" Nurse Markowitznunhooked a mask from the wall with purple vapors running out. Roddynsqueezed Ritas hand as the grape scented gas was pressed against hernmouth and nose. \"Just breathendeeply.\" Markowitz instructed. Sincenprotesting at this point was lethal, she was forced to inhale. Roddyncontinued to hold her hand until her fingers died out. \"Itnmay take a couple of minutes.\" Said Dr. Thompson. Allnthat was o the screen looked like a black-and-white pinwheel. It spunnlike this for twenty minutes when the picture fizzed out. An image ofna daisy field appeared. Birds sang and the sun lit the entire sky.nThere were two rats, male and female watching the clouds blow by. Thensoft wind hit their faces. For both of them, it felt like anythingnwas possible but yet nothing could go wrong. This was their onlynchance to see the light of day. As far as dreamsnwent, they were on a tree branch suddenly. The sky was black withnglittering stars. Roddy felt his heart pounding with excitement as henwatched what he wished was reality. In the dream, his arms werenaround her and she was watching stars appear. \"You were lucky. Younwere once able to see these every night and yet you never wondernabout them. I finally get to see stars for once and you know nothingnto teach me.\" \"I've never seennthem like this before, Rita. I always saw them out a window in ancage. I never had a good look at them.\" \"Well aren't theynbeautiful or what?\" \"Indeed…\" hisnhand moved up to her hair. He slid the elastic out of the burningnstreaks and combed his fingers through them. Rita looked at himndirectly in his chocolate eyes. The real Roddy believed she stole hisndreams for herself as his dream-self pulled Rita closer to him. Hennearly fainted when he saw them kiss. Dr. Thompson stared in awe. \"So where's thennightmare?\" she asked. \"I mean not that this is dumb but it'snoff topic.\" They pulled away, butnstill stared into each others eyes with shock and amazement. Ritanfell off the tree. Roddy yelled out her name and she screamed the waynshe always did when she fell. Instead of landing on grass, she hitnstone. \"Ouch…\" she muttered in pain. \"Roddy, I'm ok!\" Butnwhen she looked up, she was back in the sewer, in the worst placenever; the Floodgates. Rita could see the refrigerator from a distancenand the master cable only ten rodent-feet away. Le Toad was nowherenin sight. \"Five little rodentsnjumping on the bed; one fell off and got stabbed in the head.\" The same little girlnshe met up with before was near the stairs, jumping rope in hernelegant church dress. \"Hello.\" She greeted in a sweet voice.n\"You're just in time for my tea party.\" \"Where's Le Toad?\" \"Looking for you.\" The young child lookednvaguely familiar, as if Rita knew her in the real world. They had thensame hair, eyes and their clothing patterns matched. She looked verynunderweight and abused. Le Toad must have hit her because she had anbruise on her cheek. \"Who are you?\" \"I'm you.\" \"Oh my god…\" Rita remembered thenevent from ten years ago that caused her to visit the clinic before;nshe was kidnapped at the age of eight and brought to the Floodgate.nLe Toad tortured her by dressing her up as a doll, which she nevernliked. To stop her from crying, he treated her like his own daughter;nhe bought her toys and gave her tadpoles to play with. He took her sonNigel, her father, would hand over a ruby. It was the false one.nLittle Rita stole the ruby one night and escaped. But ever since shenremembered the bondage, the torture and the way the old Hench ratsntreated her, her mind replayed them in her sleep. Rita's parentsnsent her to Dr. Thompson who wiped out the nightmares, which behavednlike cockroaches inside a person's home. All she remembered was thenfact that the two sides were having a cold war over a false jewel. \"How bad did he hurtnyou?\" \"My eye hurts.\" \"Well drop that jumpnrope, your coming home.\" \"I need somethingnfirst. It's in his private collection.\" \"It's a ruby isn'tnit?\" \"Yes.\" Rita sighed andnnodded. \"Alright, I'll get it for you.\" Rita went down thenstairs and pressed the arrow pointing south on the elevator door.n\"Are you coming?\" \"No. I'll meet youndown.\" Before Rita couldnprotest, her inner child skipped away, singing \"God Save thenQueen\". The door opened and lame music played. \"Hello Rita…\" The voice was veryncreepy but sounded nothing like Le Toad's. It must have been anrecorded voice that repeated itself every time somebody went in. Shenrecognized the hall she was once dragged into where Roddy first metnLe Toad. The tall marble doors looked like stone in the dullness ofnthe tunnel. She turned her head but missed the figure she wasnsuspicious of. He swifted around her, dressed in black. \"Ok Kermit, you cannstop.\" She told him annoyed. \"Come on out.\" No sound was madenexcept for the roaches on the wall chirping. Impatient, Rita struttednover to where she believed he was and waved her hand to see if senfelt him. She was getting close. She touched something that was fornsure, skin. But it didn't feel warty… it was more soft like hersnand furry. She jumped up in fright and ran away as if she was beingnchased by a cat. She pulled open one of the tall doors which feltnlike a boulder she was trying to move. She immediately knew the nextnroom. The TV, fireplace, animal rug were just like the room innreality. Nothing looked supernatural. That was only a fourthnof the place. She slid the curtain open to view the other threenquarters; Le Toads valuable collection of art from his homeland.nVictoria, Elizabeth, Charles, Diana and her sons were all over thenplace. A lot of flags of different sizes hung on his wall. Rita knewnwhere the ruby was so she just went over to the end of the room. Thenglass jewel stood on top of a flashlight. Rita grabbed it withoutnmaking haste. She expected the alarm to go off any second. Instead,nthe wall in front opened. \"That one's fake.\" The small girl tooknRita by surprise. \"Jesus, don'tnscare me like that!\" \"The ruby is all thenway back there.\" The next room lookednlike the inside of a cave. A long stone stairway stood across her. \"Just go to the top.nIt's there.\" \"The ruby your afternis fake. You know that right?\" \"We want the one wenfound. That of which is way up there.\" \"You're comingnwith me.\" \"No. I'm scared ofnthe dark. I'll wait.\" \"Fine. Make me donall the work will you?\" The stairway was verynsteep. It reminded her of Aladdin when he was sent out to find thenlamp. It looked exactly like the stairs in the Cave of Wonders too.nSurrounding the mountainous stairway were jewels of every color thatnsparkled even in darkness. This would make her richer than St. James!nRita dashed through the steps, skipping one to three steps after eachnleap. It seemed like hours when she was halfway there. A blast of red lightnzapped her eyes. She pressed her palms against them as salty waternsqueezed out. When Roddy saw her now, he realized her tired eyes werenabout to give in. Rita continued up the stairs only to see the lightnbrighten. God's angels sang when the precious jewel came into fullnview. It was more beautiful than the other one! Rita extended her armnto reach it. She felt an indestructible power inside her when itntouched her skin. \"Bye!\" The secret doornslammed shut. \"Wait!\" Ritanyelled. \"What are you doing?\" \"What are youndoing?\" The ruby fell out ofnher hands and broke. Emerging from the deepest shadows was a widenenormous figure. The curved weapon in his hand was sharpened andnready to work. \"So you decided to tell did you?\" he roared. It was like they werenwatching a movie. Roddy could sit down with popcorn and a large tondrink to watch this all night. He felt pain in his arm and saw a rednspot on his shirt. Le Toad moved closernto Rita. She backed away slowly only to roll down the steep stairs.nPointy rocks poked her and made small rips in her skin. She was wipednout to the bottom where she first landed on her hip. Le Toad slowlynmade his way down. The red dot slowlynslid in a line. Roddy realized he was bleeding. Rita was cornered. LenToad raised the hook. \"This is for thenwaiter!\" Roddy ran over to thensleeping body and pressed his hands on her chest. Le Toad saw itnmoving backward as she faded away. \"Your mine St.nJames! You hear me! Your mine!\" The screen went to anstatic as Rita returned to the reality world. The TV exploded out ofnnowhere, causing her to scream and cling onto Roddy. \"Holy Hell!\"nshe cried. \"Do those thingsnexplode often?\" Roddy yelled. \"Actually, their notnbuilt to do that…\" Dr. Thompson was slightly humiliated. Shennever saw a nightmare so serious to reality. She looked at hernpatient and at the patients friend. \"Nurse.\" \"Yes.\" Said NursenMarkowitz. \"Get us an operationngown and some first aid for the friend. This will take a while.\" Rita scrunched aroundnin bed. She hopped up as something poked her. Under her leg was annaqua colored pin. It was the one Le Toad wore on his gold tie. \"Ohnmy god…\" \"Please! Let me go!\" ","Summary":" Disclaimer: I do not own Flushed Away . If I did, there'd be a sequel out. I'm only guessing the na"}]