[{"Movie":"Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrel...","Title":"Gunpowder Rain","Author":"Amen","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/1383818","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: Don't own 'em don't fucking sue me or I'll let you have a nicenlittle chat with Dark Pheonix the Baptist--- _ Morning I hate hang-overs. You wake up not knowing where you are or what youndid or who you fucked for about a minute and then it starts coming back.nBut it doesn't come to you in big pictures. You get little splinters ofnmemory, fragments of guns and booze and blood. Man---that was a fuckingnwild party. Happy 18th birthday Chris. It was afternoon by the time I finally woke up. I hoped my fathernwouldn't be mad. Its just him and me, you see, and he worries a lot. Lastnyear for my birthday I had to help dispose of some incriminating evidencenand my father promised he'd make it up to me this year. So, dipsite mynkiller headache, I was excited, if not slightly aprehensive. I rolled out of bed and hit the floor. The quickness of that movementnand the hardness of the wooden ground made my head spin. I stood up slowlynand looked around for some clothes. I pulled on a wrinkled gray t-shirt andnsome dark blue jeans. Scratching my stomach and blinking my eyes against the harsh sunlightnI made my way to the lower level of our London home. My father had come into some money a few years back and he and I hadna nice home. Very nice. Looking at it, one would think that maybe my fathernwas a lawyer or a doctor. But then, one would be thinking wrong. My fathernis a businessman of sorts. Specializing in the more illegal asspects ofnthat term. And in case you were wondering, yes, I fully intend to carry on thenfamily business. In fact, I do. Nothing spectactular but I've gotnconnections and I can earn a certain amount of repect. My father was just ansimple hit man, but then he got rich and with the money he got power andnwith the power he ( with help form me and several important connections)nstarted a mass underground crime ring. We steal cars. A little cliché yes, but we make a hell of a lot of cash. But I soon grew tired of importing and exporting and stealing carsn(we don't actually steal them, we have enough money to pay people to donthat for us) so I tried something new. I was 12 years old when I learned to play poker, 12 ½ when I learnednto count cards and 13 when I got so I was any good at it. By 13 ½ I wasnunbeatable. Yeah I know I'm bragging, but when you're good you're goodnright? That should bring you pretty much up to speed on where I am rightnnow. I'm sitting at the breakfast table eating cereal, staring at mynfather and munching quietly. Understand? Okay good. So I'm eating my cereal and my dad says \"Happy birthday Chris.\" And he slids a box across the table. It was white, small with a red ribbon tied around it. I opened itnslowly, and saw inside. a piece of paper? Not just any piece of paper, but a recept for.a car. Whoa. Not just any car, but a MG V8, ( ~A/N I'm not sure if that's thencar.this is just a car I like.) gold with a gray interior. It was the firstncar that my father bought after we came into money. I smiled so brightly my cheeks hurt and I hugged my dad. \"Don't forget to buckle up.\" He smiled right back. I loved my father. I had only sat back down in my seat for a second when I heard a loudnknocking at the door. I stood up at the same time as my father and we both took the saftiesnoff our guns (you can never be too carful) and we made our way to the door. My dad opened the door cautiously and in the frame stood four men.nFour men who looked all to familiar for me and my dad's tastes. Four menncommanly know as Eddie, Soap, Bacon and Tom in the organized crime world. Oy. \"Er.consider this a waving of a white flag. We've got a propostionnfor you.\" And may I repeat? Oy. TBC???? A/N I'm not sure if I'll continue this or not. I really gotta update mynother story. If you like it, review, and if I get a lot of good ones (evennbad ones) I might update. I did this just to see what people would think.nThanks.n~Darky ","Summary":" Disclaimer: Don't own 'em don't fucking sue me or I'll let you have a nicenlittle chat with Dark Ph"},{"Movie":"Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrel...","Title":"A Mobile's Revenge","Author":"La Flamingo","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/3349866","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Lifernis funny in its small nuances. Entertainingrnin its dark ironies. Ofrncourse, you find nothing entertaining about your current situation,rnhanging over the edge of the railing with the Thames waiting hungrilyrnfor your departure. You know the Thames is brutally cold, know thatrnyour cock will crawl back in your body to flee from the ice be it yournfall in. Butrnthose guns...god, those guns. Nowrnshrouded in that ugly green blanket you stole from Eddy's duringrnthe stake-out, they do look rather plain, but beneath them you knowrnvery well there is a great and terrible beauty. The haggling rat inrnyour blood demands you keep them...if not for yourself, then forrnfuture profit. You—Tom--know a deal when you see one. Afterrnhaggling with Nick the fucking Bauble long enough, those guns shouldrnbe yours. 200 pound for 'em. 200 pound. Ofrncourse, it's not too much money–but the fact exists it still is money. Andrnmoney, at any time, is precious. Yourngive a glance to the left again, and the right. You're in thernDocklands, yes, but that doesn't mean that cozzers won't bernaround to impound your arse if they find an excuse. And as it is, yournare in a rather vulnerable position. Ah,rnfuck it. If worse comes to wear, what the hell can they get you on? Yournlean forward even more, fingers straining to reach the blanket andrnthe prize beneath them, when there's a shifting in your pocket. Mobile. Yeah,rnit's not fancy. And yeah, it ways a ton and has caused nothing butrngrief for a good year. But,rnlike the guns, the piece-of-shit car, the stereos you sold to Nick,rnand everything else in your life, the mobile is money. …and money--irrelevant to the price paid--is still money... Now,rnyou are in a predicament. In the current pose, looking for all thernworld like a fucking ballerina in \"Swan Lake\", you have a mobilernvery close to jumping its way out of the pocket and greeting thernThames, never to be seen again, and a set of guns that need tornbe taken back. Whatrnevah to do? Soap,rnin his strange, paranoid mind, would probably skitter back off thernrailing completely, asking himself why he ever even thought such anrnidiotic thing, and then would drive back home to his stable job withrnhis stable life and that horrible looking pig's head on the cuttingrnboard. Baconrnwould not care for money as Tom. In fact, he always hated thatrnmobile, calling it at whenever possible chance a \"crock-shit\"rnringer. Naturally, now that we have taken those vital facts into store, werncan predict what Bacon would do. He'd grin, reach forward—glance down as the mobile flipped intornthe shimmering darkness below—and lunge for the guns. It would arnlong stretch, and Bacon would narrowly be missing a fall, but he'drnget them. A quick jerk backwards, a drive home, and suddenly thernbastard would be rich. Eddy, the most calculating and clear-thinking of the three, wouldrnpause momentarily and pull himself back from over the bridge. He'drntake the cell out of his pocket, and place it not-too-carefully onrnthe cement floor, then would analyze the situation once again, eyesrnflickering before he'd make a decision. Soap's choice would take ten seconds. Bacon's? Thirty-seconds. Eddy's?rnFive minutes. Theyrneither went too fast or too long. You don't have time for either. Sornwhat'll it be? Yourninch backwards two feet, and slide one hand into a pocket. The cellrnphone awkwardly collapses into your grasp, and, seconds later, isrnclenched between the jaw clumsily, teeth pressing down on buttonsrnand, in turn, causing beeps to sound from the inside of your head. Itrnis an awkward feeling, to say the least. Shiftrnforward, balance the gut on the railing. As your feet leave earth andrnthus gravity, vertigo ensues. You feel the mobile in your jaw shiftrnslightly and clamp down. Anotherrnbeep. Musclesrnstrain as the one arm not anchored about the bridge tries to reachrnoutward to grasp the blanket. Tendons tighten in the neck, andrnfingers shake with the exertion of the ever-awkward pose. You pleadrnwith yourself, with your lacking stamina, to hold on. Tworninches. Just two. Mobilerndials number four. \"Wouldrnyou like to call this number?\" Itrnis strange to have a real voice mutter inside your head, especially arnrobotic female one. Go away… Therntwo inches become one. The one inch becomes half. Victory is now inrnsight and soon you'll have one hand on that blanket. That's all you need. Just one hand. Just the satisfaction thatrnyou've got a grip on something ridiculously expensive, and for oncernit's not a prostitute. The half inch is winding down. The shudder that had quarantinedrnitself to the hand has now moved upwards, engulfing the arm like arnvirus. You bit down harder on the phone, ignoring the now aggravatingrnwoman yammering away inside your mouth, and try to shake off thernpain. Just a little more… You slip, and surprised jerk forward, grunting along the way. Arnhand bounces onto the blanket, and the arm wrapped around the railingrnloosens slightly. Momentary disbelief ensues. Well, then… The left hand, perched ever-so-precariously on the green blanket,rnspiders itself up into a arched position and kicks at the blanket,rnscrambling for purchase. Meanwhile the right hand—or arm, for that matter—screams of agonyrnand harsh granite digging into the skin. You block it out. Left hand has made landing and is not goingrnto leave unless it has to. You must get those goddamn guns, come hellrnor high water. The fingers search for something to grab onto has come up successful.rnThe four inches curled up under the main fingers gets scrunched intornthe palm as the hand goes into grip-mode. You lean further off thernrailing and try not to look down at the Thames. Another flop of thernleft arm and a jerk. The four inches became eight inches, and now thernguns, the guns themselves are no more than five inches away. More scrunching, though it's more frantic now. Victory is in sight.rnTom has triumphed over an inanimate problem and money is at hand.rnIt's only another dangerous stretch and then bam; the gunsrnare there, in your hand, feeling solid and heavy and—JesusrnChrist—very real. A momentary celebration follows. It lasts about three seconds beforernyou realize that hey, you're over the Thames, you're coldrnand your right hand is slipping. So yeah, you have the guns, but nowrnwhat? The move to retreat must continue. Spine feeling as if it's goingrnto snap, you try to worm your way backwards, but find that—withrnyour hands full of some expensive guns and everything—you can'trnreally get purchase unless you let go of something. …andrnthen the phone rings. The goddamn mobile, sitting uncomfortably inrnyour mouth, has decided to extract its revenge. It's making yournchoose now, what is more important, and it's demanding thatrnbetween you, the guns, the phone, and the grip on the railing,rnsomething's gotta give. Fuck. Nowrnwhat? ","Summary":" Lifernis funny in its small nuances. Entertainingrnin its dark ironies. Ofrncourse, you find nothin"},{"Movie":"Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrel...","Title":"Lock, Stock and Three Hundred Smackers","Author":"Junkie","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/488166","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Lock, Stock and Three Hundred Smackers Author – Fastfood Junkie Emailrn– fastf00djunkie@yahoo.co.uk Fandomrn– Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels (film) Summaryrn– A short Bacon/Tom fic. No slash, just angst hurt/comfort stuff. Written fromrnBacon's POV. Ratedrn– PG-13 Disclaimerrn– All major characters belong to Guy Ritchie. \"Come onrnTom, he ain't gonna pay.\" Hernlooked at me like I was a nut. Putting an arm round my shoulders, he quicklyrnsteered me away from the big man into the nearest corner, eyes widening inrndisbelief. \"He is gonna fuckin pay Bacon,\" he whispered, a little too loudly. Hisrncustomer shot us a slightly amused look. \"He bought that hi-fi off me and hernis gonna pay that three hundred whether he likes it or not.\" I raised my eyebrow but didn't answer. Tomrnrolled his eyes like I was a lost case and walked back over to his man, thernexpression of irritation returning to his face. Leaning back against the wall, Irnglanced around the messy backroom, uninterested in the animated conversationrnbetween the two dodgy-dealers. I had seen this so many times. Tom ran a boomingrnlittle business by himself, one that the rest of us were wary to get involvedrnin. The dangers were countless, a fact that our little entrepreneur didn'trnseem to notice. Despite his genius when it came to buying and selling stolenrngoods, he was often naive to the point of being stupid. Irnrealised I was smiling to myself. Looking up, I could see Tom was busily tryingrnto haggle with his buyer and decided to head outside for a breather. Nothingrnlike the smell of stolen TV's to make you feel claustrophobic. ****************** It took a few minutes before I realised what was going on. I was leaning againstrnthe wall outside with a cigarette in my hand when I heard a crash. Turningrntowards the door I got knocked to the side as the man from inside shoved pastrnme, breaking into a run and disappearing before I could get my balance. He couldrnwait. For now I was scrambling to get through the door, stopping short when Irnnoticed the curled up body on the floor. Getting down on my knees, I turned himrnover and grimaced. Bruises and blood, perfect. \"Fuckinrn'ell Tom, what did you say to 'im?!\" Herngroaned, closing his eyes in pain. The sight pushed me back into reality and Irndug around in my pocket for my phone. The small screen lit up as I keyed inrnEddie's number, praying for an answer. As it rang in my ear, I sat down nextrnto Tom and rubbed his shoulder. He was breathing way too raggedly in my opinion,rnbut I didn't have time to ask anything before Ed's voice rang lazily in myrnear. \"Ed,rnI need some help, quick.\" There was a shuffle on the other end as the younger man sat up in concern. \"What'srn'appened? You alright??\" Tomrntook that moment to cough a mouthful of blood and phlegm onto the floor. \"I'mrnfine,\" I grimaced, moving away from the mess, \"It's Tom. One of hisrncustomers decided he wasn't gonna pay, Tom decided he was. Cue Tom getting hisrnarse kicked.\" \"Ohrnfuck, ok, we'll be there in a minute.\" The connection ended and I stuffed the little black phone back in my pocket. \"Ed'srnon his way mate,\" I told Tom, \"and by the fact he said 'we' I take itrnSoap's comin' too. Unless Ed's started talking about himself in terms ofrnroyalty.\" Tom laughed, something that made me feel a little more relaxed about thernsituation. Getting up off the floor I tried to find something to mop up thernblood, succeeding in getting a roll of kitchen tissue. For possibly the firstrntime ever, we were both silent. Tom was too busy catching his breath, andrnme…well I s'pose I'm just not very good at the comforting business.rnWhenever I get hurt I'd rather just be by myself rather than have someonernasking if I'm alright every five seconds. Maybe it's pride, I don't know. Edrnwas good to his word, turning up much quicker than I thought he would. Noticingrnthe slightly wide-eyed expression on his face I realised that Soap had mostrnlikely been doing his reckless driving bit again. Sure enough, he followed Ed inrnwith the car keys clutched in his hand. The relief must have been evident on myrnface cause Eddie smiled and patted my shoulder slightly as he bent down. \"ShitrnTom, you sure you wouldn't rather a trip to the hospital?\" Ourrnblood-spattered friend shook his head and held out a hand. Ed grabbed hold of itrnwhile Soap went round the other side, hauling him to his feet and leading himrnslowly outside. Irnglanced down at the mess on the floor. Every time one of us gets hurt cause ofrnthis job it makes me feel guilty. It's not my fault, I know that, but it justrnseems fuckin harsh. None of us had the chance to do anything with our lives, andrnall of us are paying the price. Lightingrnup a cigarette, I took a long drag and smudged the blood on the floor with myrnshoe. I exhaled as they beeped the car horn outside and walked towards the door. Howrnlong's it gonna be before one of us dies? **ThernEnd** ","Summary":" Lock, Stock and Three Hundred Smackers Author – Fastfood Junkie Emailrn– fastf00djunkie@yahoo.co.uk"},{"Movie":"Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrel...","Title":"Treachery","Author":"Is0lde","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/2589029","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Title: Treachery Rating: PG-13ish, maybe, for language Pairing: You should know this by now… Soap/Tom Disclaimer: Don't own anything. I'm over it. Author's note: Because Soap really needed to tell him off. You can only have so much torture before the victim has to have his say. I mean, just look at Measure of Resolve . If that isn't true evil then I don't know what is. Poor, poor Soap. I almost feel sorry for him. … But just almost. For Carro, because her RPS saved me today. Thank you for that, sweets. Also for My, because I originally wrote this for her. I hope you like it. \"Stop that. Tom, fucking stop that, it's not funny…\" Like Tom had ever taken 'no' for an answer. Grinning madly, one eyebrow elevated, he continued running his finger up and down the back of Soap's neck, making him twitch once and again. Soap, anxious to get as far away from Tom as possible without actually having to do something drastic, tried pressing himself up against his side of the sofa. Unfortunately for him, Tom's sofa was, due to his dismal economical situation, too small for such an action to have any effect whatsoever. \"Stop what?\" Tom asked, a mock surprised look on his face. He'd always been quite a talented actor, and of course he was very well aware of that himself. Soap grunted. \"Never mind.\" Really, what was the point in telling someone off who never ever listened? In Soap's defence, it should be stated that he really did try to focus. It wasn't like he enjoyed practically jumping off his seat every time Tom decided to fuck about the way he liked to. But he couldn't help it. He couldn't stop reacting the way he did any more than he could stop breathing, however humiliated it made him feel. It didn't take more than five minutes, five minutes in which Soap's pulse barely had time to stabilize itself, before Tom got bored again, this time putting his hand as though through mere happenstance on Soap's knee. A sort of half-muffled gasp Soap hated himself for letting out immediately followed his action. Tom looked as though he could barely keep from laughing as he said, \"Oi! A bit jumpy today, eh, Soap?\" Repressing a thousand and one curses and flaming oaths, Soap gritted his teeth and answered. \"Would you kindly consider keepin' your bloody hands to yourself, Tom?\" \"Oooh.\" Tom removed his hand quickly, feigning a frightened grimace. Then, he grinned again. \"Or else you'll what?\" \"Or else I'll chop 'em off, does that sound fair to you?\" \"That's… really convincing. Yeah, now do Gone With the Wind for me.\" Tom smirked. Soap glared back at him. \"What the hell is that supposed to mean?\" \"It means I like it when you're actin' all tough,\" leered Tom, obstinately putting his hand right back, only a bit higher up. His victim choked on his sarcastic reply and got up from the sofa to escape Tom's caress, breathing like he'd run the Marathon. \"I told you to stop that! Jeez, it's like you've got a fuckin' death wish or something!\" Tom, seemingly unfazed, didn't move an inch. As though he hadn't heard a word Soap had said, or just completely disregarded it, he grinned broadly and took a sip from his glass. \"Like you'd actually do anything, anyway.\" \"What makes you think I wouldn't?\" His cheeks reddened, Soap shifted from foot to foot, finding it hard to balance properly. This might have had something to do with the bottle of whiskey he had finished about a third of out of sheer nervousness. Then again, it probably had more to do with his general feeling of instability. \"Because you like it, that's why,\" Tom answered, as though the answer was obvious. \"That's funny, 'cause I seem to recall a fair amount of protesting,\" Soap managed to get out. \"Yeah, well, your mouth's sayin' one thing and your reactions another, so don't give me that crap.\" Tom put down his glass on the table and rose from his seat, and Soap felt a bit stupid having to look up at him. \"What,\" Tom said amusedly, stepping closer and closer until he was standing right next to him, \"are you saying you don't know exactly what I'm talking about?\" And Soap couldn't for his life find one manner of protest that wouldn't sound forced, idiotic, pathetic or all of the above. Like so many times before, he just bit his lip and said nothing. Tom, on his part, took this opportunity to take the last little step that was still keeping them apart, leaned down the way that always made Soap feel so very small, and kissed him resolutely. Almost automatically, Soap parted his lips and kissed Tom back. Tom's arms enclosed him the second he got response and Soap couldn't even remember anymore what he'd been protesting about; desperately, he pressed himself against Tom and… He pulled back, freeing himself of Tom's grasp, who looked surprised, completely dumbstruck. \"No,\" Soap said, hating the way his voice wouldn't keep steady for him. \"No! I hate this!\" \"You hate what?\" \"I hate the way you're always tellin' me what I want or don't want, I hate that you're always runnin' me over like this! I have a will of my own, you know – I'm not your bloody toy, Tom, and I'm not your bitch, so don't treat me like one…\" Words kept forcing their way out of Soap's mouth, and he found no way of stopping them. Everything he'd been thinking and feeling for months surfaced as Tom just stood there, looking at him, perfectly mute and unable to utter a single phrase. The look on his face spoke a thousand words alone, and most of them were confused, surprised and shocked. \"… for fuck's sake, Tom, I never know where I've got you, and I never know if you're gonna snub me or snog me; and you're wondering why I act the way I do and why I'm hesitating every time you make a move? I mean, Jesus, could you possibly be any more daft?\" \"Soap…\" Tom tried to say something, undoubtedly very clever, but Soap still couldn't stop himself. \"No, you shut the fuck up and listen! Just this once, would you actually listen to what I have to say?\" Tom closed his mouth and just looked at him, waiting for the next verbal punch. Soap took a second to catch his breath, and sighed. \"Look, I'm not gonna get all emotional and pathetic here, but there are just some things you should know. You make me feel like I'm your bitch, Tom, and I just loathe myself more and more every time I let you…\" He paused. \"All my senses are tellin' me this is completely wrong and degrading, so maybe that means I should just pack my bags and get the fuck out of here, 'cause I know you'll never stop being a fucking bastard. Do you have any idea how pathetic I feel when I always come crawlin' back to you when all you ever do is take advantage of me and then ignore me until you feel like messing with me again? Not once, not ever in, what is it now, five, six months? – not once have you reassured me or even told me I'm worth more to you than last month's garbage. And in spite of that I still keep coming back for more. Why, I don't have a fucking clue. Maybe you've brainwashed me or something.\" \"You are, you are worth more to me than that,\" Tom said once he'd assured himself that Soap was through with his little speech. \"People have called me a lot of things, and most of 'em have been true, but I don't want you calling me dishonest, so here's as frank as I'll ever be with you: I'm sorry if I treated you like crap, I'm sorry if you think I took advantage of you. If you don't want to do this anymore then just say so and I'll stop.\" Carefully, slowly, he took a cautious step forward, slid his arms around Soap again, who stood absolutely still, not knowing what to say or what to do anymore, and looked down at him, an uncharacteristically serious look on his face. Soap met his gaze, and his first impulse was to pull back again, grab his coat and slam the door shut behind him, but for some reason or other, he didn't. After a moment, Tom repeated the same procedure as he had a couple of minutes ago, leaning down and kissing his friend, who still didn't move, seemingly putting every effort into slowly and methodically, softly killing every possible argument Soap still might've had. Soap tried to find something good to say. Something snappy, something sharp enough to puncture Tom's vanity and self-confidence, something that could buy him an easy ticket out of this situation. But nothing came to him. And somewhere inside of him, unwittingly, he started to let go again. It was just so much easier to give up, give in, than to fight it. And he was tired of fighting and worrying so much, anyway. Of course this wasn't constructive. It was bound to end in a complete catastrophe. Firstly because what they had and what they did was destructive down to its very core, and secondly because he was committing treachery against himself and every principle he'd ever set up for himself to follow. But it wasn't like he hadn't done things that were bad for him before. And it actually got easier as time went by; the voices telling him that he should just jump off a cliff and finish the job once and for all were getting weaker and weaker, or just easier to ignore. \"Do you want me to stop?\" Tom said, midst kisses, but Soap's closed eyes had to serve as an answer to his question. ","Summary":" Title: Treachery Rating: PG-13ish, maybe, for language Pairing: You should know this by now… Soap/T"},{"Movie":"Priest, 2011","Title":"SorryIsaac","Author":"Fluttershy Black Hat","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10267072","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Take a good look at me now Do you still recognize me Am I so different inside This world is trying to change me And I admit I don't want to change with it And I admit I can't go on like this anymore Erase this monster I've become Forgive me for all the damage done It's not over Say it's not over I'm begging for mercy I'm only the monster you made me I'm better alone now See I'm torn from my mistakes And I stop believing that I could ever make things change How much can I take When I know that it hurts you How long can I wait When I can't go on like this anymore Erase this monster I've become Forgive me for all the damage done It's not over Say it's not over I'm begging for mercy I'm only the monster you made me Because who I am Isn't who I used to be And I'm not invincible I'm not indestructible I'm only human Can't you see The beauty in me Take a good look at me now Can't you see I've changed Erase this monster I've become Forgive me for all the damage done It's not over Say it's not over I'm begging for mercy I'm only the monster you made me Far away through the pain I hear the angels calling Far away through the pain I see my demons falling Far away through the pain I hear the angels calling Far away through the pain I see my demons falling Erase this Erase this Erase this monster you made me ","Summary":" Take a good look at me now Do you still recognize me Am I so different inside This world is trying "},{"Movie":"Priest, 2011","Title":"A Good Meal","Author":"FairyNiamh","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8929862","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A Good Meal – Priest Years ago, he would have been appalled at his actions. He would have sought out a way to kill himself. Now? Now he recognizes it as fun. He couldn't keep the grin off of his face. After all, humans were cattle. They stuffed their faces and pretended that there was no such thing as the boogey man. Once one of them was large enough, he would gladly prove them wrong. Though he was getting up there in years, two hundred years was nothing to sneeze at, and was slightly worried about his diet. All the fat and cholesterol stored in those bodies couldn't be good for him. Maybe he should switch to a lighter snack... a gymnast or body builder. 'Nah,' he thought as he sunk his teeth into his latest victim. 'You only live once.' ~Fin~ ","Summary":" A Good Meal – Priest Years ago, he would have been appalled at his actions. He would have sought ou"},{"Movie":"Priest, 2011","Title":"Instrumental","Author":"Alfie und Micky","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9371699","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Lucy was sitting across from Black Hat as he just gazed upon her and wished her to eat, Lucy did not particularly want to eat but her stomach was begging her to just take one bite of the delicious duck. So she gabbed one of the ducks leg and begun to eat as his yellow eye burned into her, she tried to ignore him as his lips curled in to a toothy smile showing off his white fangs. She was actually enjoying the food and thought to what he had said about it being unlike anything she had tasted before, he had been correct. As much as she hated him and wanted to kill him he had not lied to her once and most of what he had said was correct in her belief. 'If you are not sinning you are not having fun' she repeated in her head as she thought this to be some what true. His damn eyes she thought to herself. They looked right into her almost like she was naked in his presence. There was also something kind about those pair of yellow eyes. Once she sipped the whine she sipped it more and more, her father had never let her have any and it went all to her head now she was drinking it. After dinner she was completely smash because he had poured her more when she had finish the glass and her mind was all over the place. \"So Mr Vampire are you going to take me back to my cage now?\" she asked laughing a bit. \"You know you look quite funny with those yellow eyes and fangs,\" she said as she walked over to him as he sat and she quickly stole his hat from atop his head and placed it on her own then begun to laugh as she looked into the mirror. Black Hat was confused as to why she was acting this way and wondered if she was playing him and actually planed on killing him. He stood grabbing her by the arm and pulling her towards him until she collided with his chest; he looked down into her eyes with a serious face and took back his hat with a throaty grunt. She looked up into his eyes as he held her, she thought of kissing him but then thought back to Hicks but somehow she could not get him out of her head. It was those eyes, those damn hypnotizing eyes. From sudden impulse she wrapped her arms around his firm chest as he stepped back in confusion \"Thank you for the food,\" she said as she placed her head on his chest as well, hearing a soft and steady heart beat beneath his clothes. Black Hat could not figure out anything to say in return, he had never been thanked for being who he was so he simply said \"That's okay,\" as his hand came to rest at the back of her head. She did not quiver at his touch he thought and she even pulled closer to him as his other hand came around to hold her shoulders. He did not know how long he had been standing there for but he could hear he soft breathing of a sleeping girl so he unwrapped her hands from around him and picked her up carrying her into the next carriage that was his bedroom, he placed her on his bed after deciding that she should not have to wake in a cold dark cage. Black Hat had never actually been held by a female or even been with one and he wondered what it would be like to be loved. He looked down at Lucy his vision centred on her soft pink lips; his finger came to her face as one of them caressed her bottom lip. They were just as soft as he imagined, he wished he could feel them against his own lips. He arched over and pressed his lips to her forehead for a second before he got up and left. When Lucy woke again she knew she was still half way drunk but knew what she had done was stupid but when she remembered back to holding him and being held back her heart raced and her cheeks burnt, she also remembered when she had been half asleep when she had felt his lips against her forehead head, the tickle of his bristles against her forehead. Lucy looked around realizing that she was not in her cage but in a soft bed, she appeared to be in a bedroom. His bedroom she thought as her cheeks again begun to burn and her heart race without her consent, as she looked around at some of his belongings. Black Hat walked into the room again to come eye to eye with Lucy, again unsure what to say as he looked at her slowly get up from his bed \"You can rest a little while longer if you want,\" he said as he walked further into his bedroom avoiding her eyes. \"I- I'm sorry for the way I acted,\" she stated to him as she look to him with his back to her. She walked over to a table that had a hand sized cross placed on it, she picked it up and slid her fingers down the patterned metal looking at it intently before asking \"Is this yours?\" \"Yes,\" he replied as he looked down at it, he used to love the metal object that he had received from a friend, but that was a life time ago. \"It beautiful,\" she said as Black Hat noticed she was mesmerized by the simple object. \"You can have it; I have no use for the object anymore.\" \"Do you not believe in god?\" she enquired to him as she stepped closer to him. \"No but I am now of the damned.\" Lucy looked up into his beautiful yellow eyes and saw sadness inside his soul so she told him \"You are not damned,\" one of her hands went up to hold his cheek as she looked into his eye. Those damn eyes have got to her. She must have been drunk because the next thing she did was rise on her toes and softly kiss him on the cheek. Black Hat stood perfectly still as she softly kissed him, her lips soft against his rough bristly cheek. \"If vampires have souls and humans surely do than you must have twice as much as anyone else, beside you were once a priest,\" she said after descending back onto her feet. Black Hat looked into her eye seeing that she was being completely truthful, he searched her eye and her face. She was not scared of him anymore, why was she not scared, why was she so kind? If he had wanted to marry anyone it would have been someone as kind and genuine as Lucy. Then he knew in that moment he must feel her lips against his, he brought his right hand up to the back of her neck and shifted his head closer to hers looking into her eyes once more before his lips met hers in a soft and sweet embrace. After one minute Lucy's hand in which she was holding the cross went up to his chest and gently push on it, Black Hat with much difficulty withdrew his lips from hers. Lucy did not know what that was about but it had been the greatest and most tender kiss she had received from a man, every time she had previously kissed Hick has hands had always tried to undress her, he had always wanted more. This kiss was different, it was those damn eyes. Black Hat did not know what to say or do, he had no idea at all about how she was reacting to this, he wanted to apologise but he knew he could not ever, not for the seconds that he would treasure for his eternity. Little did he know of the heaven to come. Lucy recounted that minute again, his rough but tender lips, his firm hand that was still at the back of her neck. Why was she not still afraid? She asked herself even if she had her answer. Those eye, beautiful soft eyes. She looked up at him before her hand made its way into his hair as she kissed him back with the soft and tenderness he had just shown her. His hand went around her waist not searching her body but holding her there firmly like she would disappear any second. For a few minutes they just silently made out like wayward lovers who had not seen each in a long while. Finally Lucy kissed him once more for a few seconds before she broke away from him and just looked into those addictive damn yellow eyes. Black Hat could have never asked for more but to be looked upon with such kindness as Lucy's lovely blue eyes, a beautiful smile upon her face. In a perfect world Lucy would be in love with a former priest not kissing a vampire who lusted for human blood. But in the present this was the most perfect he could ever hope to receive from anyone, he only wish she would love him as he did her. \"Do you lust over my body?\" Lucy asked him, she had to know if he just wanted her body instead of her. Black Hat was surprised by this line of questioning but answered her truthfully, why was there any need to lie \"I lust for your love,\" he murmured as he also looked into her eyes. Lucy had heard his answer as her heart raced and cheeks burnt but she had to hear him tell her one more time \"Pardon.\" \"I lust for your love,\" he repeated to her. Lucy closed her eyes as the sounds slipped softly off his lips, she just knew then she could never love any other man, not Hick who had said it but under duress or another that would try to sweet talk her. She just knew this was the truth, it was in those eyes. \"Then you have it, I am sure that you are the only man I can ever truly love,\" she said as she smiled widely over her decision to love him. A few hours later: Priest, Hicks and Priestess's motorcycles stop in front of a very on fire train, and the sound of music playing loudly nearby. When they saw the sight all of there jaws drop to the ground and Hicks's heart slowly broke. Black Hat had one hand on Lucy's waist the other in her hand. Lucy had one of her hands placed on his shoulder whilst the other is in his grip. Eye to eye they slowly swayed to a jazz instrumental version of 'blue moon' playing on the only remaining thing from the burning train, the record player, Black Hat smiles at her Lucy smiles at him. Fin ","Summary":" Lucy was sitting across from Black Hat as he just gazed upon her and wished her to eat, Lucy did no"},{"Movie":"Priest, 2011","Title":"A World Without End","Author":"Schreibertooth","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8115458","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: So, despite it not being the totally most awesome movie in the world, I liked Priest. It's a guilty pleasure, and it had a pretty dang awesome cast. So it was only a matter of time before I wrote for it... And actually, this one is old. I'm just trying to replace all of my icky old writing with better stuff. Ugh, some of the old stuff was painful. Anyways... uh. This... might have more to it later. It probably will, because I'd love to write about Judas. I'm using their names instead of everyione calling eachother Priest and Priestess cause it's easy to differentiate. McGrath is my Priest. Judas/ Priest Ibrahim (I can't remember what I referred to him as) is also mine. Anyhow, this is a little \"what if\" that takes place directly after the end of the movie. Enjoy: His first thought was that the years had been as unkind to the old man as they had to him. That impression was quickly swept away as mismatched eyes rose to meet his from a distance, the same red cross permanently emblazoned between them; a clear indication to their exile. There was a moment's pause before the old Priest started forward, and every doubt Ivan had previously had faded with McGrath's perfectly retained warrior's stride. Indeed the years may show on his face, but that seemed to be the only indication of his age. \"You've been branded a heretic, you know?\" McGrath had said to him, his mismatched eyes burning into Ivan's. The younger Priest had simply nodded, matching that gaze with steadfast determination. When he spoke, it was slowly. Deliberately. \"They sent the others after me. Why didn't they send you…?\" He asked, his piercing blue eyes burning into McGrath's own; one a faded-out blue, the other the same faded green. \"You were like I was, once.\" \"They didn't send me because I am old, Ivan. The reason they sent the others out for you was to kill you. Either that, or to bring you back so they could do it themselves. And so, they sent the youngest of us. An old man like me would have hindered the process.\" \"Three of them are dead.\" \"…And they sent four.\" Ivan had nodded silently as McGrath paused, his expression grave. \"How is that possible…?\" Ivan's expression now mirrored McGrath's. \"You know they were organized. Moving as a group to attack the city.\" Ivan did not need to voice who 'they' were. The word had already spread like a fire, coming in many different versions, some claiming the vampire threat to be a lie. Ivan trusted that McGrath was too wise of the Clergy's ways to believe those versions, and his trust was not misplaced. McGrath inclined his head affirmatively. Ivan paused. He was the only one who knew the whole story. Priestess had not been on top of that train, and Lucy… Lucy had not known Ben. \"He was leading them.\" Ivan finished quietly, his gaze clouding. There was a question in McGrath's eyes, initially. He bore a troubled expression as he opened his mouth to ask, but it cleared as he abruptly shut it, his eyes now wide with a troubled surprise. \"You're sure?\" Ivan nodded. \"It was him. It was Ben. I knew him. And he knew me.\" McGrath fell silent for a short while, considering this information. \"He told me what happened. In the hive… after I…\" Ivan stopped again, reconsidering his choice of words. \"After he fell. She spared him. Made him one of them… Or something like them.\" \"…And now?\" McGrath asked, the question weighted with deeper meaning. \"He's dead.\" Ivan answered, perceiving the true meaning immediately. McGrath visibly relaxed, nodding slowly. \"But their queen isn't. She wasn't with them.\" Ivan continued, his eyes flickering over the horizon, where he knew the wreckage of the train was still smoldering. \"The clergy didn't believe you. Which is why you came to me.\" \"Do you know where Judas is?\" Ivan inquired, leaving the confirmation unuttered; there was no need for it. McGrath nodded once. \"Sector three, last I heard… Which was quite recently. Though I have not spoken to him.\" Ivan turned to leave, having gotten everything he needed from McGrath, for the time being. \"You've been branded a heretic. An enemy of the church. What makes you think Priest Ibrahim will believe you?\" McGrath called after him, his mismatched eyes trained on Ivan's retreating form. The younger Priest paused, casting a glance back at McGrath. \"What makes you think I believe you?\" Ivan remained silent, simply staring at him for a long moment before turning away again, taking another step forward. In five paces, he found the elder Priest's stride matching his. \"If you're going to find him, you'll need to do it soon… It's going to rain.\" ","Summary":" A/N: So, despite it not being the totally most awesome movie in the world, I liked Priest. It's a g"},{"Movie":"Priest, 2011","Title":"Committing Sins (Priest Oneshot)","Author":"Tavingtonlover123","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12866682","Passage":"[Chapter 1] When I heard that Blackhat had died it felt like a piece of me had died along with him I was expecting him to come back to me like he had promised. But then again I would hope to never see him again a new outbreak came along instead of vampires we now have werewolves. Unfortunately one of them had gotten to me I now have the disease and have to endure the pain of becoming a werewolf every full moon and make sure I don't get hunted down by priests. It was a rough time making sure that I kept up with leaving home on time and then quickly make my back home before anybody saw me, then making sure I kept a fresh supply of raw meat around for when the cravings hit. I was so glad he wasn't around for this because he would be devastated by it. It was a rather uneasy night the atmosphere felt rather off to me as I sat in a rocking chair reading a book while it thundered outside. I kept trying to keep my focus on my book but it was so hard I was fidgeting and kept looking around like something was going to happen. Maybe it was just my imagination playing tricks on me I didn't each much today so it was probably the lack of hunger making me feel jumpy. I got up setting my book down on the table stand that was by the rocking chair, I made my way to the kitchen when I heard footsteps follow me there I felt myself freeze up not knowing what to do. How did anyone get in? Did someone figure out what she really was? My breathe was shaky I stood there in the middle of the kitchen my eyes glanced over toward the knives. \"My beautiful Ember.\" That voice it couldn't be him, it can't be I was told he had died during that train incident. I slowly turned around to see him standing there like nothing had happened. I wasn't sure what to do I wanted to run up to him but I couldn't believe this he was here standing there alive. I wanted to say something but nothing was coming out so I stared at him trying to comprehend what was going on. How was this possible? \"H-How are you..how are you still alive?\" I asked while looking at him. \"Trust me I asked that same question when I woke in one of the vampire hives.\" His tone was soft he took a step towards me. \"No!\" I said suddenly my hand stuck out telling him to not come any closer to me. \"What's wrong?\" He asked, narrowing his eyes at me. \"You just came back after all this time and you except me to just be fine with it?\" I backed myself into the wall my heart was beginning to race. He then strode on over to me his nose scrunched up a little \"How is this possible?\" he growls softly. \"While you were gone we had these strangers come around turns out they carried a disease that makes them werewolves. One night I was coming home when one of them came out of nowhere and they scratched me.\" I lifted up my shirt to show him the scar that they left behind on my side I glance at him to see that there was rage in his eyes. \"I should have been here for you so you wouldn't have gotten this curse.\" He started pacing, his hand turned into a fist. \"I could have kept you safe.\" He stopped for a moment. \"Even if you would have been here I would have gotten it either way it could go airborne or something.\" It was the only reason I could come with that would fit if he would've still been around. \"But you don't know that I could have kept you safe from them but instead I was gone to long and this happens to you.\" \"Think of it this way you don't have to worry about biting me anymore.\" I knew I made a valid point with that. He sighed as he looks over at me he knew I was right on this he always tried controlling himself when it came to wanting to biting me but he wouldn't have to worry about it anymore. \"I guess you are right on that it helps in a way but I would you rather still be human then have to deal with such a curse.\" With swift movement I found myself being embraced by him I forgotten how much I missed his touch and being close to him. The way he looked at me with such deep love in his eyes that made my heart melt. \"I have missed you so m-\" I was cut off with a surprise kiss, oh how I have missed those wonderful kisses from him. I felt myself being pressed against the wall, then he lifted me up his hands firmly placed on my butt. This is what I get when he comes back from being gone so long? Normally a makeup dinner or something other than this would perfectly acceptable but this will have to do. \"I have missed you as well.\" He whispered softly as he nipped at my ear, making his way down to my neck kissing it gently. \"You are being rather gently so unlike you.\" I managed to say with a soft tone. \"This is just a warm up the real fun will begin soon.\" He then ripped the top of my dress in half the buttons that were on it scattered all over the floor. \"You didn't get attached to this dress did you?\" He continued to rip it apart. \"No not at all.\" It was a slight lie but I had better dresses that I would get mad at him for ripping them like this. \"Good because I was in the mood to rip it apart.\" He smirks as he kneels down and looks up at me. Good god those eyes and that devilish smirk of his it was driving me crazy it made me want him even more. No wait a second he can't just waltz back in here after being gone so long and do this! I tried to squirm away from him but his gripped on to me. I knew I was in for a long night with him being back. ","Summary":" When I heard that Blackhat had died it felt like a piece of me had died along with him I was expect"},{"Movie":"Priest, 2011","Title":"Wings of Red and Gold","Author":"Ryouseiteki","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7600238","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Word count: Approx 1.1k Pairing: vague Priest/Wife, Priest/Black Hat preslash Warnings: AU: wing manifestation Prompt: From pooka_07 at comment-fic on livejournal: Priest, Priest/Black Hat, AU; Priest has resented the church ever since he manifested wings and they took him from his wife and soon-to-be-born child. He ignores all of the younger acolytes, but one of them just won't leave him alone, even in the flight cages. A/N: So, I was doing some reasearch for this monster of a fic outline I've been playing with (don't ask) and I ran into a priest fic that was actually pretty good. When I went looking for more there wasn't much and I was saddened. Found this prompt and was done for... WINGS! MY WEAKNESS. Anyway, I haven't slept in about 40 hours and I confused myself a little with the pronouns since, you know, after you join the order they pretty much make you flush your name. Sorry if there are any glaring mistakes or it gets confusing - this isn't beta'd. Let me know so I can fix it okay? I don't remember where I got the names from at the end either, but for some reason they're my head canon. I think at least one is from the manhwa... or something. I kind of wanted to take this further but, again, no sleep in 40 hours rofl. I'm going to NAP. Hope you enjoy the ficlet! *flops into bed* His wife – his gorgeous, wonderful wife – had startled as they were walking. He could feel the small jolt through their linked hands, could almost sense her surprise. He had turned her around in concern, asking what was wrong. When she smiled and rested a palm on her belly, he'd mirrored her; grinning ear to ear and covering her delicate hand with his own. There, under their joined hands, a kick. Her joy was contagious. His heart thumped hard in his chest with the rebound of her happiness. Then pain. He had dropped her hand as he stumbled, barely registering her surprised shout. Waves of agony had coursed up and down his spine as he clawed at the ground, screaming himself hoarse. The world had gone dark, and when he awoke it was to a white, featureless room; strapped to a cold, stainless steel table. His forehead stung incessantly and he had fought the bands cinching his forearms to the metal in order to clutch at his face. Unfamiliar weight tugged against his shoulder blades, pulling him down as he fought for leverage against the slick tabletop, and he turned his head sharply to the side. Completely forgetting about the stinging between his eyebrows, his jaw had gaped as he stared at the silver-blond wings that he could see out of the corner of his eye, crushed beneath his body. He had jerked at the restraints again, experimentally. The wings gave a jerk of their own in reflex. He had collapsed with a groan, then able to feel the uncomfortable way the feathers pinched as he lay on the wings; his wings. He knew what that stinging was now. There was only one place for manifests like him. That had been months ago now, and even though he has trained – been trained, more like, as if he is a dog in need of discipline when he's long since been a man fully grown – he still feels dislike bordering on hate when he has to have a face-to-face with a superior. They are to be taught to suppress such things. Emotion; it is a weakness. One that the manifested can ill afford when they are expected to leave the compound as soldiers, fit to murder in the name of the Church. Oh, sorry, in defense of the Church. He manifested late. All of the other acolytes are younger than him, some by a decent margin. He keeps to himself most of the time. It's strangely upsetting to see such young men and women, sometimes merely children , with blank masks for faces, perfect posture, and a formality to their speech that sets his teeth on edge. He tells himself that he won't become that. He won't lose himself. Hard to believe his own lies when the brightness of his wife's smile dims in his memory each day. There's an impact on the other side of the chain-link fence he's leaning against and he flips around, startled. Another acolyte clings to the fence upside down, their faces level. His robes are a little large for him, and sag comically due to his position. The acolyte is grinning largely, one of his canines resting against his lower lip in a manner that makes him look young and feral. Adding to this image is short, messy brown locks – and isn't that against the rules? He wonders how the guy got up there like that until the other lets his shoulders relax, fingers clenching tightly at the fence as his arms take his weight. Rust colored wings flow open elegantly behind him and he lets gravity stretch them out until they're partly resting on the ground. And he thought the blank, staring, mask-people were weird. \"Well hello there, stranger,\" the upside-down man asks in a gravelly voice with a deep, southern drawl. His 'there' almost sounds like 'thar.' He says nothing and the younger acolyte's grin fades into a smirk; complete with eyebrow lift. The effect is lost on the man, however, when his clothing gives up to flop over and into his face. The younger acolyte's wings spread in surprise – an unintentionally obscene display. He's glad the younger cannot see the blush that he can feel burning against his cheeks and ear-tips. The younger acolyte lets go of the fence, which causes him to gasp in fear that the young man will fall and hurt himself, but instead of falling he twists his body in a sinuous motion like a cat – landing in a crouch. He stands and brushes himself off with a huff, wings folding closed with a roll of his shoulders – which makes his own wings flare slightly and resettle, though he is unsure why. The young acolyte is back to all smiles again, and the expression unsettles the elder. It is strange to see such exaggerated emotion after months of brainwashing telling him it's wrong. The young man leans against the fence casually, \"what're ya doin' on that side of the flight cage, darlin'?\" he asks, tone merely curious. \"All the fun is ta be had on this side ya know.\" He just stares – what is so great about the other side of the fence. Being in a cage doesn't sound fun. He doesn't realize he's spoken that last thought aloud until the young acolyte is chuckling darkly, the sound sending a pleasant chill racing down his spine. \"Ya can't fly outside o' the flight cages,\" the young man is looking at him as if he's grown a second head. Well that makes two of them. They stare at each other, the young man's face smoothing out. The transition is jarring and he finds himself missing the easy grin. The hazel eyes clear with understanding and he smiles, soft. \"Well c'mon then. The gate's this way,\" he says, turning to walk along the barrier. Without thinking about it, he's already jogged the few steps to catch up, walking side by side his new – friend? – acquaintance. \"M'name's Ezekiel,\" the rust-winged manifest says, almost startling him into stopping. Rule number one; you have no more name. You are part of the collective; a whole. You are no longer an individual. They walk in silence for a beat. He trails his fingers absent mindedly along the fence. \"Isaac,\" he replies quietly. Fingers brush against his from the other side. ","Summary":" Word count: Approx 1.1k Pairing: vague Priest/Wife, Priest/Black Hat preslash Warnings: AU: wing ma"},{"Movie":"Priest, 2011","Title":"Family Feud and Food","Author":"Alfie und Micky","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9411683","Passage":"[Chapter 1] It had been a two years since the train incident and Priest trying on several occasions to kill him, but finally he and Lucy lived a happy life in a small house and actual vegetation growing out the back which consisted of fruit and vegetable plants. Lucy was a bit upset she could not get to know her father without him hunting down Black Hat but otherwise they were happy and there was a baby on the way too, Lucy had begged him to have a baby for months before and so he pandered to her like always and now her stomach looked like it might explode soon so it must be coming soon otherwise her stomach might actually explode and all he knew about child birth would be down the drain. He watched her out the back of the house watering the plants in the afternoon sun, it had also been a long time since he had drank human or any other animals blood because Lucy had not liked it so much especially when they kissed and she could taste it, she even went on kiss strike before he truly knew he must give it up. He was half human anyway so he could live off proper food just fine as anything else. Although he thought as he watched the messy tabby cat Lucy called a pet lazily walking into the house, he wondered if she'd ever find out he thought as the cat looked up and hissed at his as he softly kicked it to go away. Lucy came back in and kissed him for a few seconds before she went to get ready to go to town, they had to go pick up a few things at the general store and this usually meant he had to wear his Hat low on his face and let Lucy do the talking. Once they were in town they went to the general store and the butcher to pick up food they could not grow, around town people were whispering to each other about some strangers tHat had come into town and whilst Lucy and Black Hat were leaving an all to familiar voice calls out to Lucy… it's Priest. Lucy turns around and ran over to him giving him a big hug as Priestess watches in shock and like always Hicks moped \"Daddy,\" Lucy says as Black Hat walks over wondering why she always does tHat even though he always tries to kill him. Priest once again gives Black Hat a spine tingling look as Black Hat is used to it by now. \"Guess wHat, in the next town over we got married, sure we had to threaten a few lives but otherwise it was romantic,\" she told his after hugging him. Priest gave her a series face, looking down at her stomach and up at Black Hat who was the cause of the swollen pregnant belly. \"Well walking innuendo haven't we been busy,\" Priest said as he left Lucy behind to walk to Black Hat as he smiled tHat evil toothy smile. \"First of all Priests and vampires can't get married or have children with one of my daughters, ah hem I mean my only daughter,\" he said with a sharp tone burning his blue eyes into Black Hat. \"You're going to try to kill me again?\" Black Hat asked rhetorically. \"No we're just going to go to the café and have morning tea of course I'm going to kill you.\" \"Dad seriously I'm having a baby can't we just go back home and have dinner together,\" Lucy said as Priest looked at her and considered it. \"Well the child should not grow up without a father and I don't suppose you're up to killing your husband and failing in making it work with Mr. Mope Hicks,\" he said to her as he got a 'Seriously' look for Lucy tHat confirmed she really was not open to the idea. \"Ah why not I'm starving any way,\" he said as they all decided to have dinner. They all sat at the dinning table in silence as Priest drack a cup of tea looking at Black Hat and next to Priestess Hicks moped. Priestess broke the silence as Lucy stirred the stew happily \"I'm pregnant,\" she say to Priest as he chocks of his tea and looks to Priestess slowly. After another few moments of even more awkward silence Lucy serves up the last person as she pats a moping Hicks on the back and gives him a piece of bread before she takes a seat by Black Hat's side and kisses him, they all say thanks for the lovely food and then dig in. Priest takes a spoon full of the delicious looking beef stew and scoops it into his mouth, after a few seconds he chokes as Priestess pulls a sour face and Hicks painfully swallows every scoop down quickly in an attempt not to taste it so much. It's disgusting! Priest thinks to himself as he watches Black Hat eat it like it was the most delicious thing he has ever tasted, did he not have tastebuds? \"Are you okay do you need some water?\" Lucy asks Priest as he shook his head and took a mouth full of tea and then thought he should really welcome Black Hat to the family and maybe next time let him cook. Any one who could still love her after they tasting her cooking was the right man for his daughter. \"I got the recipe from one of mums recipe books, I follow it to the letter ever time,\" she stated to him \"How does it taste?\" Priest looks up at her and throws a painful smile hoping she doesn't notice it is forced. Shannon's cooking wasn't this bad… was it? Fin ","Summary":" It had been a two years since the train incident and Priest trying on several occasions to kill him"},{"Movie":"Priest, 2011","Title":"Damnation and Repentance","Author":"SeraphimDarkholme","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7985323","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Damnation and Repentance Disclaimers: I do not own \"Priest\" or any characters affiliated with the movie or \"Priest\" literature. This is a work of pure entertainment. I am not making profit from this. No infringement is intended, please do not sue. Again I am not making profit from this, please, do not sue. The deserts can be a cold place for the out casts of the city. No one cares about the survival of the group; they only care about the survival of self. Parents who once loved their children more than life itself now leave their children behind as they run from the Vampire hoards. The children cry and beg for help but their parents keeps running only to die moments after their children. The desert is cold hearted. No one loves and no one comes out unscathed by its harsh whip. There are seven deadly sins and then there are the seven deadly sins of the Church. The seven deadly sins of the true God are Lust, Gluttony, Greed, Sloth, Wrath, Envy, and Pride. Each of these sins carry eternal consequence that with out true repentance lead to eternal damnation. The seven deadly sins of the Church flow to a different beat. Sins of the Church: 1) Cater to the Lust of the Clergy: Whether it be your grown daughter or you nine year old boy you must give them to the Church officials to keep from being sent into the desert. Refusal to give your loved ones over to the Lust of the Clergy results in your banishment to the desert and your child will be forcibly given to the Clergy. Lust is the largest amusement of the Church and Clergy. 2) If the Clergy visits your home they eat first; even if barely have enough to feed your family. The Clergy will come unannounced and by their personal \"divine\" law they are allowed to eat before the members of the home they are \"visiting.\" They will fill their gluttonous appetites and smile in amusement as they eat the food the starving family had fought so hard to obtain. Failure to cater to the Gluttony of the Church or Clergy will result in banishment of you and your family to the desert. Gluttony at the cost of the starving is one of many amusements of the Church and Clergy. 3) When a member of the Clergy hands you the offering plate to fund the Church you will put all of your money in the plate; even if the money was to be used to buy your sick brother's medicine. Failure to fund the Church with all of your money, valuables, and other things of value will be banished to the desert. If the reason for refusing to give the money is stated; for example buy a sick child's medicine, you and the reason you refused to give the money/valuables up will be banished to the desert. A woman who refuses to give money to the Church will be banished to the desert with her sick brother in tow. The rest of the family gets to stay. They keep the people who pay. More paying people more money for the Church. Greed is what keeps the Church and Clergy's pockets filled. 4) . They are, by \"divine\" law not required to help with anything including: rent; food bills; food; work load; or other responsibilites. They can and do sit and watch the \"peasants\" toil as they eat the \"peasants\" food, use the \"peasants\" water rations, and use the \"peasants\" best bed. To ask the Clergy or their attendants to do anything besides lay around, will result in immediate banishment to the desert for you and your family. Sloth is among the favorite past times of the Church and Clergy. 5) You are never to raise your voice or hand against the Church or Clergy; despite how badly they beat and raped your daughter or son. The Church and the Clergy can beat, scream, rape, kill, and destroy your life at their own personal whim; however, you are not allowed to file a charge, complaint, or other legal action. If you file a complaint against any member of the Church or Clergy, you and your family will be banished to the desert. There is nothing worse than going against the Wrath of the Church or Clergy. 6) If you have something, whether it be an object, a person, or an animal that the Clergy wants, you must give it to the clergy. Faliure to give anything or anyone to the Clergy will result in your personal and your family's banishment to the desert. Nothing is greater than the Envy of the Church and Clergy. 7)Under no circumstance does anyone say anything bad about the Church or Clergy. No one must question the Clergy or Church. To damage the Pride of the Clergy or Church will result in immediate banishment to the desert. In short, the seven deadly sins of the Church is refusing to cater to the seven deadly sins performed by the clergy. They banish us because they say our souls are damned for refusing to take their abuse, they tell us that it is the will of their god that we surrender ourselves over to an unjust systematic abuse and that if we do not do as the Church wishes we will be damned for all eternity. I look back and I laugh now. Some of us have all eternity to wait. Her long wavy brown hair clung to her face as she clutched her purse. \"Please,\" She begged holding onto purse tightly. \"It's for medicine please have mercy! God! Please God help me!\" A satin covered fist slammed into her jaw. \"Silence you ungrateful whore,\" An old Cardinal named William said fiercely. \"You will give us the money now!\" \"Please Father William!\" She pleaded as she tried to catch her breath. \"Please it's for medicine!\" The old cardinal motioned to him attendants. They snatched the purse from her and gave it to the cardinal. \"Unfortunate for you Miss,\" Cardinal William said as he counted out the money. \"These two gentleman are eunuchs, and I prefer much younger women than you, oh well, beat her until you tire. Then toss her out of the city.\" She looked up at him as one of the men kicked her. She was only twenty-two and she was too old for him. The thought made her stomach turn even more as they beat her into unconsciousness. She woke up to blistered skin and the hot sun beating down on her face. She looked over and saw her little brother lying dead next to her. His light tan skin was blistered and birds had already pecked at his body. His face was twisted in pain and turned toward where she lay. She tried to cry but she couldn't. Her body burned with thirst and cried out in pain as she moved closer to him \"Jacob,\" She said hoarsely as she reached out for her brother. \"Jacob no, please God why? Take me! Please God! Take me!\" She lay back down because sitting up was too painful. She looked up into the burning sky and wished she could cry and die. \"Why!\" She cried out hoarsely. \"Why him! He's so young God! Why?\" She reached out a blistered hand and touched his warped hand. She was too tired to hear the boots approaching her and too delirious to feel the gentle hands pick her as she wept dry tears. She was lucid enough to know that gentle hands were plucking her away from her brother. \"We can't leave him,\" She rasped as her body flopped in strong strange arms. \"We have to help him, please, we can't leave him behind, he's only four!\" She tried with all her might to fight but thirst , exhaustion, and exposure won out and she slipped into unconciousness. Words from a strong voice floated through the ethreal board of unconsciousness. Every thing was real yet not real and nothing was tangible. The Church did this, they killed him. You, you lived! God demands vengeance for the years of murder and rape in the name of the Church! She looked into the wordless and nameless void. \"I will kill them all.\" She said before darkness and silence took her body. Warm thick liquid touched her dried and shriveled lips. It tasted disgusting but she was thirsty. The liquid turned cold when it hit her stomach. She began to shiver and shake and she knew she should be dead and that she wanted to die, but a pair of strong hands held her down. \"Stay put,\" The voice said holding into reality. \"It won't last for much longer.\" Suddenly a huge burst of life ripped through her body. Every sensation reached perfect clarity before sleep took her body.[Chapter 2] Damnation and Repentance Disclaimers: I do not own \"Priest\" 'or any characters affiliated with the \"Priest\" Movie or \"Priest\" Literature. No copyright infringement is intended by me. This is a work of pure entertainment and there is no profit being made from the online publication of this work. Please do not sue She slowly woke to the feel of warm water and sweet soap being gently run over her skin. The soap smelled faintly of roses and lavender soaps only the members of the Clergy and Church could afford it smelled nice and relaxing. \"where, where am I?\" She asked looking around. \"Where is my brother?\" Her eyes cleared up and she looked up and saw a handsome man with beautiful gold eyes gently wiping her face and arms. His hard eyes softened when she asked about her brother. \"The Church killed him. They sent a sick little boy to die in the desert for the greed of the Church.\" The man said rinsing soap off of her arms. \"You're still weak, I will help you bathe.\" She let out an ear-piercing screech and cried. \"It was real,\" She sobbed. \"He is dead, they put a sick little boy in the desert to die, why couldn't it have been me!\" \"Because,\" He said sitting her up and wiping her tears away. \"God has a purpose for you. He wants you to help me end the Church.\" \"I can't do anything,\" She said sobbing. \"I'm just one person, I want them dead though. He wiped her eyes with a soft cloth and smiled at her. \"Alone no,\" He said as he poured warm water over her hair. \"But together we will be unstoppable, you have to trust me.\" \"I'm only human.\" She said looking up at him. \"No darling,\" He said easing her to lay down in the tub. \"You are so much more now.\" Her head lolled to the side as her body went limp with grief. \"I will kill them all!\" She cried as the man held her to his chest. \"I will kill them and make them feel what I feel now! I will remove them from history!\" \"I can help you,\" He said leaning against her as she cried. \"I can make you strong enough to destroy them. I can make you the death that feeds and fuels the creation of their greatest nightmares.\" She closed her eyes once again and let the water flow over her bare skin. He smiled as he moved to wash her feet. \"You must listen to me.\" He said softly. \"I will make you strong.\" He laid her on a small soft bed and smiled down at her soft body. \"You need feed now,\" He said watching her sleeping form. \"I have to find something special for you.\" He walked out and smiled as he headed for town. He was going to make his new creation strong from the start. He was going to teach her a lesson that she would never forget. She woke up to the soft feel of warm breath tickling her skin. She turned and saw the mysterious man looking at her. \"Hello?\" She said looking up. \"I wasn't dreaming. This nightmare is real. My brother is dead.\" \"The reality is bad,\" The Man said taking her chin gently in his hands. \"But I brought you dinner.\" She looked in a corner and one of the eunuchs that had beaten her were huddled closely together in a corner in fear. \"P-p-p-please!\" He shouted and sputtered through tears. \"Do not kill me!\" She looked at him for a moment and noticed that his veins seemed to throb with blood. \"He is your first meal.\" The mystery man said into her ear. \"He was one of the men who threw your brother and you into the desert. You are a vampire. All you have to do is sink your teeth into his neck and drink. Go on. Give him the pain he gave you.\" She looked at the mystery man and then at the eunuch. \"P-p-p-please,\" The eunuchs said sobbing. \"Have mercy!\" Her eyes seemed to glow with anger. \"Mercy?! You want mercy?!\" She said closing in on him. \"I will give you what you gave to my brother!\" She sank her hands into the eunuchs's shoulder and held him down as she drained him of his blood. She released him and saw that he was now a familiar. \"Go kill yourself.\" She said wiping her mouth. \"Impale yourself on the nearest pole and let the world see what kind of useless slime you are!\" The eunuchs walked out and followed her orders. She looked up at the mystery man. \"I am considered to be dead bye the outside world.\" She said licking the blood off of her fingers. \"I have no name.\" \"Black Bride.\" The mystery man said. \"They call me Black Hat. Lovely to meet you miss Bride.\" \"Lovely to meet you Mr. Hat,\" She said looking at him and smiling. \"So when do I learn to kill them all?\" He smiled as she looked at him with eager eyes. She continued to lick blood off of her fingers it gave him an odd sense of longing. He held out his hand and helped her off of the floor. \"You will learn tonight,\" He said smelling the air thick with blood and death. \"But let's get some more food, you will need it.\" It bothered him though that her fall from grace was so smooth. He had tried this before, but the others killed themselves, she seemed to embrace this \"damnation\", she seemed to love it. The others screamed about feeling so cold and dead inside. They still saw their human selves. They still held on to their humanity like it was precious. Bride, Bride let go of her's happily. He wasn't complaining but something was odd about it. He was busy in thought when he heard a strangled scream come from the corner. He ran outside and saw her covered in blood and smiling as a young priest was changed into a familiar. \"Go to the city,\" She whispered into the priest's ear as she smiled at Black Hat. \"Take your blade and slit your throat in front of a large congregation during the Michaelmas. I want you to laugh the entire time.\" The once-priest walked out and Black Hat looked at Black Bride. This was strange even by his standards. ","Summary":" Damnation and Repentance Disclaimers: I do not own \"Priest\" or any characters affiliated with the"},{"Movie":"Priest, 2011","Title":"Immoral","Author":"utterlyheartbroken","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7018994","Passage":"[Chapter 1] It's immoral, her love for him , because she's not supposed to love him, she shouldn't have fallen for him, especially after finding out that he already loved a woman named Shannon, who is, or rather was his wife, after the sacrifice that he's done to become one of them , she should've walked away, the minute he told her he was a father; But she didn't . And that is how her immoral love for him began… ~Rewind~ It starts when she hears the rumors, when she sees his defeated look as he arrives there, he's the outcast, she feels her heart twinge in sympathy for him, and as she walks closer to him, she holds out her hand, and unknowingly sighs softly as relief floods her, when he takes it and they're introduced. After being pulled away from her family, all she had was God, and when she met him, all that was left was him & God, as the memory of her past life faded away. Her mother's kind smile forced away as she keeps trying to lock away her past, push it all away, so that she could focus on her duty, her mission as one of God's many warriors, to protect human life without going against any of the sacred vows. The awkward-nervous smile he gave her, melted away every icy barrier she had placed to keep everyone away from her. She ignored his steely and anger-filled eyes and told him with sweet smile \"Illessa is the name my mother gave me, but since we're all priests, and I'm probably the only female priestess around here so far, they call me Priestess\". A shadowed look filled his eyes, and his smile was replaced with a grim one as he murmured with a far-away look in his eyes \"I know , they've already told me\" before rubbing his head and replying \"My given name is Ivan.\" and suddenly a small smile was on his thin beige lips, as a guilty look filled his eyes, while she appeared startled by his reactions. She brushed away her uneasiness and placed a bright smile on and told him kindly \"Well then, I hope we can become great comrades, and if you'll allow it Ivan, maybe even friends\" before introducing him to the rest of their district. ~Forward~ As she gazed at him from the back of her vehicle, she felt her heart clench painfully, and wondered why her mother raised a fool like her, she should have had better control over her emotions, as the thoughts of Ivan filled her eyes with tears, and her heart with agony. She couldn't bear it anymore, thinking she had a chance with him, it was her fault from the beginning, she should have known, his heart only belonged to Shannon, her throat burned and her eyes stung with the unshed tears that filled her eyes. She was glad that he was in front of her, so that he couldn't see the tears that were now flowing freely across her cheeks, she shook her head and tried to regain some sense back into her mind, because she didn't want to reveal her emotions to him, nor appear weak. She was a Priestess, she is supposed to be a sign of hope, and strength, not pity. She held her breath, as she slowed down the speed of her vehicle so she could brush away the tears, and fix her appearance before he noticed, before he could ever notice her tears. ~Rewind~ She had already turned 22, and that only reminded her of her past, her kind strong mother, and the father she never got to, and would probably never meet. She had known Ivan for about 5 years, and still she could not help how she behaved around him. She acted like a lovesick fool, and frowned inwardly while she pushed away the negative feelings that were rising from inside of her. She fixed her loose strands of dark brown hair and tied her hair up into a simple ponytail, before dressing up in one of her long sleeved gowns, she chose the shade of emerald and placed a black hooded robe over it and headed to the gathering they had later on that evening. She smiled as she applied a soft shade of rouge on her lips, before taking it off with some tissue, and settling with some lip moisturizer. She felt free and more relaxed, before beginning to attach all her weapons to her rope and under her dress, because she was always overcautious, since being prepared could save a life. But little did she know that she would actually save her own, and a few more lives by not being careless that evening. Later on…. She stood over Jeremiah's dead body with tears cascading down her cheeks like a waterfall, she couldn't stop her sobs, as the blood stains on her gown reminded her that Jeremiah was dead, bitten by a vampire who wanted them all dead, so she killed him before he could even transform into one of those hideous bloodthirsty monsters. Jeremiah was one of the older Priests, but was less experienced to her by a year-and-a-half, and he died by her weapon, because she killed him, because she didn't want his memory tarnished. He was one of her close friends, an older brother, and a companion that made most of their battles worthwhile, and now , he lay dead, because of her . His soft curls of brown hair were tinged with a bit of blood on the front side, and his eyes had already turned back to grey, before they could fully turn a bright silver which held flecks of green in the irises, she held back a sob as she closed his eyes and murmured a soft prayer. His nose looked broken, and on his left cheek were claw marks, while on the right was a slash made from her weapon. And around his neck lay the cross she bought for his 23rd birthday, years ago. She fell to the floor hugging her knees, as the sobs kept resounding throughout her body, this wasn't supposed to happen, it was only a simple gathering to congratulate them for destroying the 2 hives that had been occupying the Southern areas, and destroying whatever remained of the villages that had already been infected. Even Ivan's warm hand on her shoulder could not shake her from the nightmare that she had thrown herself in, because in the end, no matter how they all tried to comfort her, the fact that she killed her fellow priest would not leave her mind, and that fact had marked her soul from this day onwards as a Martyr somehow . The Next Day... Fear overcame her, because she didn't want to lose Ivan too, nor the friends she had grown to love in this district, so the next day, she asked the Bishop of her district if he could transfer her to another district, anywhere as long as she didn't have to stay in this one. Bishop John looked at her with sad wrinkled eyes that held disappointment in them, and asked her \"Are you sure of your choice? You may regret this decision later on my dear child\". She shook her head and murmured softly, hoping terribly that her voice wouldn't crack, and that he wouldn't hear how broken she really felt \"No, I won't . It's better this way Father John, this way , everyone is safer\". He looked at her and told her gravely \"Then so be it; deal with your choice Priestess Illessa, and make sure you don't regret it\". She gave him a weak tired smile and awaited his reply. \"The only available district is District 13, the nomad's land around the North-Western area, are you sure you really want this ?\" he asked, as his eyes seemed to fill with dread. She nodded, and asked out of curiosity \"What's wrong with District 13?\" A bitter laugh left Bishop John's lips and he replied with sad eyes and a broken smile, \"Everything my dear, everything, they say that place is cursed, and the rate of deaths is 30% more than the average rate of deaths, most priests don't make it. Once again I ask you this, are you sure ?\" She bit her lower lip and remained silent before replying after a long moment \"Well maybe then I can help decrease that rate Father John\" with a forced smile on her face as she tried to be positive about her decision, whether it be a fool's choice or not. He murmured softly before hugging her close to him, wishing he didn't have to let go \"You are a fool then Illessa, go, I've already signed the paper. Godspeed my dear, Godspeed, and I pray that you'll come back to us alive\". She gave him a small smile that didn't reach her eyes, and walked away, never knowing when she'll see the man who grew to become a father figure to her. In that evening…. \"You can't do this Illessa! It wasn't your fault he died.\" as his eyes blazed with such anguish that she looked away, though she had to hand it to him for keeping his temper in check all these years, because when they first met, he was a bit quite hot-headed. \"I know\" she replied quietly, and then he asked weakly \"then why are you leaving, I'm not stopping you, but give me a reason why, why are you leaving us?\" She held her breath and let it out before turning to face him as she replied \"Because I want to.\" figuring out that in this way, she wasn't lying, nor was she telling him the truth, but in the end she wasn't lying, and that's all she wanted, not to lie to him, because it would only fill her with guilt, and shame, since a priestess isn't supposed to lie, there was also the fact that she was an honest woman, and wanted to remain that way. He froze stiff in shock, not knowing what to say because Illessa would never lie, which could only meant that she really wanted to leave them. She gave him a plastered-on smile and told him \"And this way I get to improve myself as a priestess Ivan, so it's really not a bad choice for me\". He wanted to say something, but the sad pleading look in her eyes forced him to walk away and only tell her \"Fine, but I expect you to at least say farewell to all of us, before you leave that is\" and she nodded slowly, and turned away, hiding her eyes from him, because the tears had already formed and it took all her resolve to make sure that he wouldn't see them. She didn't want to tell him that she felt like a murderer, she didn't want to tell him that she was relieved he didn't die, she also didn't want to remember how she killed the man who was like a brother to her, she wanted to forget , like she did with her past life before she became a priestess. She didn't want him to know that she loved him, she just wanted to let go of it all… ~Forward~ She hoped that he didn't notice her decreasing speed, and somehow she remembered how it felt like when she hoped that he would love her, and how the hope got crushed by the harsh reality that is life. She sighed, and realized that the sun was setting, she called out to Ivan and told him \"Ivan! The sun's setting, shouldn't we stop and make camp before we suddenly get attacked by the vampires?\" When she heard the motor of his vehicle get louder, she stopped hers, and got off as she heard him reply \"okay\", and wondered if he remembered any of their past, and shook her head as she thought 'The past is the past, I must forget it all, even if it tears me apart. He does not need to suffer along with me, and my agony. He never needed any of what we -Illessa & the church- had put him through for 15 years, he has suffered enough, and lost more than I will ever imagine, so I should try to ease his burdens, not increase them, right?'. ... To Be Continued ... Author's Note: I hope everyone enjoys this so far, I've re-edited the most noticeable flaws of this chapter, and I'm leaving the rest, until I finish the whole story. I've already began working on chapter 2, hope you guys enjoy it, its in Ivan's P.O.V {Point of View}.[Chapter 2] -Rewind- \"Why?\" he asks himself angry; most of the things she had told him, hid what she really wanted to tell him, and what he really wanted to hear. And as quickly as he said that he murmured softly \"Forgive me father, for I do not mean to be so angry\". He tried to calm himself, but it pained him to see her hide everything from him, and he wondered if those 7 years working in District 13 had done something to her. But all he could remember was relief, when she returned from District 13 unharmed, but she had changed, more than he expected, more than he ever wanted her to change. He was scared to lose her, because already she was hiding so much from him. He sees her eyes and they are always looking for a way to escape, the sadness she carries, he wants it gone, but then he also knows that he is the cause of her sadness, ever since he found out that she loved him. He wishes that he could love her back and reassure her, but Shannon meant almost everything to him, she was his past, and he couldn't live without his past, he's already losing the memories of his brother -the brother who he never got to truly know, who was too young back then, to develop a character of his own-, if he lets go of Shannon's memory, he's scared he'll forget her. Illessa had already been there for him, her whole life, watching over him when she could, and he would do the same for her, her happiness he never saw for 7 years, and for most of those 7 she was in District 13, the nomad-land. It would be rare to even see a trace of a town or village there; it was filled with rural areas, and large mountains with wide desert-terrains. He had heard that in her District, she was the second priestess there, but the nickname never left her, because over there , they still called her Priestess, since the other priestess preferred to be addressed by her own name, and had died of stomach cancer by Illessa's second year in District 13. He wasn't comfortable with the fact that she had grown close to District 13, because he didn't want her hurt, if she loses any one of the District 13 priests. Seeing her lose herself on the celebration, tore his heart to pieces. She was too young to keep losing people, he remembered that the only reason she returned from District 13 was because her mother had died. -The Church called her back, because they had already eliminated every vampire living there, and they had disbanded the members and scattered them around the other Districts.- Illessa was never good at dealing with deaths and pain, and preferred to keep them to herself, but he never learned how she found out that her mother died. She never told him how…. The week after she came back, she was already 26-and-a-half, with one of the male priests who was with her from District 13. When he asked her why, she never told him about how she knew that her mother had died; he had received no answer from her, since she was avoiding him, -well, everyone actually, only speaking when needing to speak. And speaking if she needed something.- but her companion from District 13 told him rudely, -Not exactly rude, but he was probably frustrated at how many times Ivan had tried to ask her about her mother- \"You are sometimes my fellow priest, an oblivious fool who knows not when to keep his mouth shut\" and let out a sad sigh. Ivan was about to reply, but then the priest from District 13 continued \"Priestess Illessa might have mentioned to you that she was born in a rural village, right?\" Ivan nodded, still confused as to what the Priest meant by asking him if Illessa told him. \"District 13 was located around the area of her long-forgotten village. Her mother was still turning when she appeared on the gates of our district, and had asked for Illessa\" and paused while stroking his chin slowly. Ivan felt -if only for that moment- a feeling of bitterness and jealousy swirl in his chest at how intimately the Priest had uttered Illessa's name, but just like it had come, it faded away, as he tried to focus about what happened with Illessa. \"Priestess Illessa knew , and somehow, I think she always knew that her mother would come to her, as something not human. It wasn't even five minutes until her sword was found piercing her mother's chest, while holy water was sprinkled over the corpse, as she murmured a prayer, and left to get a shovel so that we could bury the body.\" he stopped, and Ivan almost thought he was done, as his heart filled with understanding towards Illessa. \"After that day, she began praying more, and avoiding us even more, she barely spoke with us, and was always withdrawn. She avoided our company for 3 weeks, and only appeared during my birthday to congratulate me, and during our missions, but she seemed to have lost her voice because of that incident which occurred on her birthday.\" Ivan froze, as the words \"her birthday\" echoed throughout his ears, he clenched his left hand, pressed it to his chest, and murmured a quick prayer before closing his eyes and trying to relieve the pain. He saw the priest smile in understanding, before he left Ivan alone with a pat on his shoulder. It was too much for him to handle, and he wondered why she didn't tell him anything more, and marveled at how strong she had become during the years they were apart. But as tears began to prickle his eyes, he wondered why she had to keep losing people throughout this whole war. He found her later on, during the end of the 1st week of her arrival. She was sitting beside the willow tree, where they had their first training session together, where he had known he could trust her with his life. She had been cradling her knees with a faraway look in her eyes, and before he could do anything, she had asked him \"Ivan, do you remember the day I confessed my love for you here, by this willow tree\". He blinked before replying softly \"yes\". She gave him a small smile \"How do you reject someone who already knows you're in love with someone?\" and asked him curiously with sad eyes. He replies \"if this is about how I rejected you-\" but he's cut off by her finger on his lip shushing him softly as she murmured \"No, it isn't; but I'm asking you, how do you do it, if there is a chance that maybe it would work out between the both of you\". And somehow he feels something restricting his throat, and contracting his heart painfully, he wonders what she's talking about and hears her utter \"Marcus confessed to me, he says once we're relieved of our duties as warrior priests, he'd like for us to be together romantically, and he told me he's willing to wait years even if my answer would be no. I don't want him to go through what I'm going, so I'd like you to tell me how I can reject him without hurting him, nor showing him that there may be a chance between us.\" He's trying to form words, but his heat hurts so much that he can't answer, the words aren't coming out at all, so he sighs, before joining her on the ground. He sits on another side of the tree, his back leaning against the tree bark. He is smiling remembering happy memories that could be almost considered innocent and untainted by the war, back when Jeremiah was still alive, and Elijah wasn't a Vampire-hybrid, who was also dead. 'Time really is a cruel thing' thought Ivan before beginning softly \"It wasn't easy, if that's what you mean\" his words calm. He could feel her raise both her eyebrows, the familiar wry smile on her lips when she didn't believe his words on her face, as a chuckle escaped her lips, sounding so carefree of her troubles. He hoped the sad look had left her face as he continued \"No, really, I think killing vampires was easier than telling you we could never be. Because I never truly cared what the vampires thought when they died, since they never cared how many of us would die just to satisfy their hunger. Though they are living creatures, they can't feel emotions, but you can Illessa\" and by now he's turned his head so he can see her. She looks surprised, as if she never expected those words to leave his lips, and he chooses to continue speaking while gazing at her eyes, the beautiful shade of hazel-brown -that were too beautiful sometimes he believed- \"You mean a lot to me Illessa, being one of the only people willing to die for me whether you were in love with me or not, you believed in me from the moment we came, and maybe it was because you were so young that you grew attached to me easily, but you were one of my first and closest friends. I would still rather die that hurt you\" The smile that graced her lips as she cried silently made his day, because she truly seemed happy at his choice of words. And whatever she told him of rejecting Marcus left his mind by the next day. Though she did reject her companion from the 13th District, her and Marcus remained close friends, and even though he didn't like that, he was glad that she was still smiling at the end of the day, because her tears was not a sight he could bear to see. -Forward- And as he slowed down his vehicle, the memories never left his mind, his feelings towards Illessa only seemed to intensify after they parted many years ago, and the feeling of jealousy that he had towards Marcus only increased when he heard that they would both be staying at the Church to help around whenever they could. The relief he feels now is somewhat unbearable because he really is truly happy that she chose to abandon the Church and follow him, he feels guilty at being relieved but they made a vow, and he still remembers the exact words to this day. \" I swear to our Father in the Heavens above that I will only use my powers and skills to fight vampires and defend the weak, and not for any evil. I swear that as long as I am still breathing and vampires are still attacking the humans, I will do all that I can to protect people, and fight for the Church as long as the vampires remain\". And the only reason he left the Church because they were causing him to break his vow to God, and in his eyes, any one who dared to do that was not worth believing in any more. God always came first, before the Church and everyone else, all the other priests understood that as well. And he's glad that she chose to leave the Church willingly to follow through with her vow, and not just because she had once and somehow still does , love him with all her heart. He knows he's not worthy of her heart, for she's done more than enough for him. He knows that one day, she might have to part this life, and that he wouldn't be able to handle that; losing Shannon and his brother in a row, killed him on the inside, and perhaps it helped that he hadn't seen them in a long while, but the feelings of hurt and loss, still lingered in his mind every single day. He is scared that by the time he finally learns to accept his feelings for her, that it might be too late. He wants her alive no matter what, and if he has to die to make sure she lives, he's gladly willing to do that. His daughter has someone who loves her deeply, and is Illessa lives, then maybe she can watch over her, because he can't imagine a world where one of is closest friends, and most trusted comrade is no longer living because of his actions and decisions. He hopes that this journey can start in a good way, and prays inwardly, for God's light to watch over them throughout their mission, so that they may leave victorious in this final battle. But could hope leave them both living, and still strong? The only answer he receives is silence... ","Summary":" It's immoral, her love for him , because she's not supposed to love him, she shouldn't have fallen "},{"Movie":"Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrel...","Title":"Aladdin and the Chocolate Princess","Author":"Abra de Winter","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/1019397","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Aladdin and the Chocolate Princess[Chapter 2] Aladdin and the Chocolate Princess ThernWish Disclaimer: The characters from \"Lock, Stock and TwornSmoking Barrels\" belong to Guy Ritchie. The girls are all mine! The words written in Italics are thoughts[Chapter 3] Author: Abra Title: Aladdin and the Chocolate Princess Rating: PG Disclaimer: The characters belong to Guy Ritchie and the setting is anrnimitation of the one in \"Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels. The girlsrnare all mine. I am using them for entertainment only and I am not making anyrnmoney off this story. Summary: Bacon falls in love. Archive: ask first Feedback: always appreciated. (it makes me write more!) Aladdin and the Chocolate Princess ThernNight For the first time in many years, Bacon had movedrnslowly in an affair. The man of a thousand and one night stands was now at arnloss and tried not to look lost in her apartment. All their intimacy hadrnresumed to goodnight kisses outside her door. For the first time, he was on thernother side of that door. If three weeks meant a long time for Bacon to wait,rnMandy on the other hand couldn't believe how ardent was her need to be withrnhim. She had never put much stock on the physical side of a relationship and uprnto this guy only saw it as an obligation. What she was feeling now nearlyrnscared her. It just wasn't like her to think about a man's body, let alonernfantasise about it. But after each goodnight kiss, she closed the door behindrnher and imagined ripping his shirt off. Tonight, she had gathered all herrncourage to utter that corny, transparent line. ~~~~~~ Bacon was watching her with calculated indifference.rnTo Mandy he appeared just as self assured as ever, making her burn just byrnlooking at her a certain way. She sat next to him on the couch, taking the lastrnbite of chocolate, wishing to find something to say. When she put the lastrnchocolate square in her mouth, absent minded, Bacon opened his lips,rninvoluntarily copying her gesture. He saw the smudge of chocolate on her cheekrnand before he could control himself, he reached out. Mandy felt his thumb touching her face. He was sornclose to her now… close enough to touch… close enough to kiss… Her heartrnstarted racing when she understood her wish was about to come true. \"What…\" but she couldn't say anythingrnmore. \"You had a smear of chocolate, Princess\" The tension inside her was now at such levels thatrnshe couldn't enjoy the pet name properly. He leaned over and kissed the cornerrnof her mouth. \"Damn, you taste fine, miss Cadbury\" hernwhispered in his sexy, husky voice. \"Mmmm\" \"That's sayin' it, kid!\" he smiled, flattered byrnthe unspoken compliment to his kissing skill. They went on kissing for minutes in a row,rninsatiable for each other's taste. Bacon was ready to \"get thingsrndone\" right there on the couch, but she deserved better than that. \"Which way is the bedroom?\" he asked. ~ the day after ~ The woman stretched, lazily amongst the crumpledrnsheets with a wide smile on her face. She remembered shouting something likern\"Oh, God, you are Aladdin!!\". It was five in the morning, but he wasn't there. Shernhad a suspicion that he wasxa0 going tornleave right after. The memory of their passionate night was clouded by thernloneliness. She went to the window, to witness London's awakening. She lovedrnthe big, cold city and she rarely had the opportunity to see it in an intimaternmoment, such as it was in the early hours of the morning. But she was stoppedrnin her tracks by a noise in the other room. In the living room, Bacon was browsing through herrnCD collection. She was so surprised to find him there that sherncouldn't say if she was happy or not. \"Couldn't decide\" he answered her look,rntalking about spending the night or picking a CD. \"You have arnmessage\" he pointed to the flashing answering machine. She hesitated to listen to the message with himrnthere. \"Whoever called, they did in the middle of thernnight, so it might be important\" She followed the suggestion and pressedrn\"play\". A man's voice came out of the machine. \"Hello,rnAmanda! I needed to talk to you tonight. I called earlier and you weren'trnthere. I know this isn't the best way to do it, but… I have to tell you… onernway or the other… … I miss you. You probably don't believe, but these last fewrnmonths have been really difficult for me. Seeing you every day… Talking to yournas if we were strangers… Amanda, what I've been meaning to tell you… I know yournhated me for making you chase that ring, but there's a reason for that. Thatrnring is important to us. It's somewhat of a good luck charm. My grandparentsrnstayed together and loved each other for forty years. I wanted you to have it.rnOn our wedding day…If you'd have me… \"[Chapter 4] Aladdin and the Chocolate Princess Disclaimer: The guys belong to Guy Ritchie, the girls are mine. \"… And itrncertainly isn't yours.\" ","Summary":" Aladdin and the Chocolate Princess[Chapter 2] Aladdin and the Chocolate Princess ThernWish Disclaim"},{"Movie":"Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrel...","Title":"Come Together","Author":"Raging Raven","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4976287","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: Hey everyone, I wanted to redo my story \"Come Together\" so it could be fresher, better, and more enjoyable. I hope that you like it. Read and enjoy. Some people might say that I was running away. Running away from my responsibilities, running away from my problems, but everyone could agree that I was just plain running. And they may be right about that. I was running. I think when you can no longer stand to look at the people you once considered family without wanting to cry, you have a reason to leave. When you can't even stand to look at yourself in the mirror, I think you have a reason to leave. And when you can't put the effort of leaving your home because you know when you do everyone will look at you like your trouble, you have a reason to leave. All I knew is that I couldn't stand being in New Jersey were I'm known as Alexandria Flores; Rafael \"The Florist\" Flores's daughter. I needed to breathe . . . I needed to leave. Abuela give me strength on what I have to do. I decided that fate deciding on where I was going to go. Jez, my grandma would be proud. My future was going to be decided by a spinning globe and me touching a spot on it with my eyes closed. Opening my eyes I saw where I was destined to be: England.[Chapter 2] A/N: Hello, hello. I am back and I have brought an update with me. I had to do some fine tuning so I hope you like it. I have two things I would like to mention: If anyone knows some great British slang out there please let me know of it and its meaning, I would really appreciate it. I am also somewhat worried about some of the British slang that I used in this chapter because I don't know if I used it in the wrong format/context or not so please let me know about that. Now, enough of this foreplay, let's get started. Please enjoy. Alexandria, or known to some people as Alex, has been in London for two days and all she has seen is her hotel room. How pathetic. She was in a city with so much culture, and history and shops, and all she's done is lie inbed, listen to the rain outside and try to adjust to the time changes. She's already read and reread the hotel pamphlets that were in her room, trying to find any distraction she could to not think about what she has done in the past forty eight hours. She had left her home, and everyone she's ever known to move to a different country. What was she, crazy? Pacing in her hotel room the size of a cubicle, Alex started to get second thoughts about her decisions. What was she thinking? Running away like she was some disgruntled teenager instead of the twenty six year old that she was. \"Abuela, ayuda me.\" Alex has been on autopilot ever since she packed her things, and went to the airport. For the past two days she felt a sense of calm and euphoria, but this morning she woke up feeling she was going through some sort of psychological episode. She had little to no money so she couldn't stay in this \"hotel room\" for long. All the things she had left in the world were in her father's old army bag. She had no one to rely on because everyone she knew was in a different continent. For the first time in her life she was absolutely alone, and she wasn't so sure if that was necessarily a bad thing. It would seem that the odds were definitely not in her favor. Running her hands through her long hair Alex tried to take deep breaths and think positively. It wasn't all bad. Alex was getting a fresh start. She was in a great country. There were new places to explore and new things to experience. And she could probably meet new people who would be a definite improvement from the last people she met. Yeah, all she had to do was just stay positive. She needed to get pumped up, she needed to get energized. She needed . . . she needed . . . Shit. Who was she kidding? What she really needed right now was a drink. Alexandria went down to the front desk and asked the clerk where there was a close place around to get a strong drink. The clerk, who she found out was named Ronny, had checked her in and was especially accommodating. Ronny was tall, bony, with sandy hair and looked all of eighteen years old. He also has had a staring problem with her ever since she came in through the front doors. But he was a sweet boy and Alex really needed a little sweetness in her life right now. After asking Ronny about his night and him asking her how she was enjoying her stay, Alex asked where she can get a stiff drink. He suggested a pub up the street called JD's Bar. Borrowing an umbrella from Ronny, Alex started to walk in the rain to the direction where JD's was supposed to be. Walking in the rain where the only sound was the impact of rain drops hitting pavement was comforting to Alex. She had always loved a good rain fall, lucky for her, fate choose a good spot for her to restart her life. In only a few minutes, she noticed a building with a neon sign saying JD's bar, and she walked through the door. JD's would be what Alex would call a real and true bar. Brick walls, warm lighting, and a piano in the corner. It was simple and looked like a pub should look, no glitz or flashing lights like some of the bars in America. JD's bar was a place where you can get a cheap drink and a bar stool to think. It was a kind of place were people could come around after work and relax while taking a few soothing sips before they went home. Working in bars before she was even legal to step foot in one, Alex knew what a real bar should look like. Walking up to the bar, Alex grabbed a stool and sat down. She was looking around at the few people there when she heard a voice from behind the bar. \"What can I get you love?\"Alex turned around to see an older man, with a gruff, wrinkled face and salt and pepper hair, looking at her curiously. \"Oh um, anything that's cheap and has alcohol.\" She said while scrounging around in her pockets, trying to find the little money she had left in there earlier. \"Keep your money, why don't I buy you a drink.\" The bartender said, noticing her struggle. He smiled at her when she looked up at him. \"Oh no I couldn't-\" She started but he cut her off. \"'Tis no trouble. Besides, I rarely get the opportunity to buy a beautiful woman a drink now a days.\" He said, winking at her. Alexandria smiled at him. This man was very sweet to her. She had been feeling out of it for a while now and to have a complete stranger do something as simple as buying her a beer meant a lot to her. \"Thank you.\" She said finally. \"S'nothing my dear if it's worth seeing you smile like that.\" She continued to smile while the bartender left and came back with two bottles of English beer that Alex didn't recognize. \"Alan's me name.\" He said holding out his free hand. \"Alexandria.\" She said while shaking his wrinkled hand. \"All right. We don't get many Spaniard lookers like yourself 'round here. We especially don't get many Yanks either.\"Alan said, while handing her a bottle of beer she didn't recognize. \"Many of these tourists are arse over elbows for pubs that have gimmicks.\"She couldn't help but laugh. \"They never want to see a true English pub. Bloody disgrace that is.\" He sighed and took a quick swallow of brew. \"Oh well, that be there loss.\" Alex lifted her bottle up to clink gently with Alan's \"Yeah, that's there loss. If they don't want to find out about a place like this, and a man like you, than they can go screw themselves.\" Alan smiled at her. \"You're a good girl Alex.\" The moment between the young woman and the older man was interrupted by a loud bellow. \"Oi! Alan! Can I get a drink here, I'm about to die of thirst.\" A man with short black hair said at the far end of the bar. Alex looked at him, even though he had pale skin and a slightly thin, going on lean, frame, he was quiet handsome. Not really her type of guy but good looking none the less. \"Keep your knickers on Ed, don't you see I'm talking to someone.\" Alan said to him. He then turned back to Alex, \"Excuse me a moment dear, you would think the boy wasn't born with manners, let me deal with the shitter and then we can finish our chatter.\" He gave her a smile before he turned his back. \"And if you want a bloody drink get over here and get it yourself. I'm not your sodding waitress!\" He yelled at the man apparently called Ed while moving around the bar, muttering. \"No good boy, always coming around being a pain in my arse.\" Alex tried to contain her laughter but failed miserably and laughed loudly. When she finally could take a breath again she finished the rest of her drink. Ed and his mates were just sitting around his dad's pub, playing cards and tossing back a few pints. Ed was feeling like it was a great way to end the week. Bacon and he got a nice chunk of change from some saps on the street today, Tom gave Ed a particularly good deal on a leather coat he's been having his eyes on, and Soap just lost his hand, winning Ed another game of Euchre. This is what life is all about , Ed thought while collecting his winnings. Noticing the sour looks his mates were giving him for winning yet again, Ed decided to do something completely out of the ordinary for him. Something he would hardly ever do, something that would leave a bitter taste in his mouth, something that he would rather swallow boulders than do what he was about to do. \"Alright Chaps, who wants a pint on me?\" He said quickly, while getting up from the table. Noticing the questioning looks on his mate's faces he asked what was wrong. \"Have you hit your head or something?\" Soap asked \"Is this the after effects of a concussion?\" Making his other friends Bacon, and Tom laugh. \"What are you going on about?\"Ed asked starting to get slightly pissed. \"What Soap is trying to ineloquently say is considering you're extremely rare sense of generosity since first meeting you in the sandbox, you suddenly deciding to willingly buy us a round has thrown all of us a bit off.\" Tom said, ignoring the glare that Soap was giving him. \"Yeah Ed, your cheaper than shit. \"Bacon added bluntly. \"Even if you were dead tomorrow no one would be able to pry your purse from your cold, lifeless fingers.\" \"Thanks a lot. Now I'm going to get a pint with the money that I won off all of you wankers.\" Ed finally having enough walked angrily to the bar. \"Oi! Alan! Can I get a drink here, I'm about to die of thirst.\" That didn't exactly go over very well with Alan, considering his cursing Ed and what not. Alan was not only the bartender; he was also one of his dad's oldest friends. For as long as Ed knew him, Alan never let him get away with anything, never took any of his shit. That was probably why he liked Alan so much; he always gave it to him straight, even when he didn't want to hear it. Ed was starting to get comfortable on the stool when he over heard the laughter of the woman Alan was talking to before he interrupted them. When he was sitting with his friends he had only seen the back of this person, but now that Ed was closer to the bar he could see that she was a very beautiful woman. She was wearing a blue stretched long sleeve sweater that complemented her caramel skin and did a marvelous job of covering her full breasts. She had long, thick, sable, wavy hair that flowed down to a tiny waist and curving hips. With all that there was to this woman, what really drew Ed to this woman was her face. A face that was soft, angelic, and a bit sad. Knowing that people shouldn't drink alone, especially ones that were in need of a good laugh and a good time, Ed got up and started walking to her. Right when he was next to her, that plan went to shit when he was intercepted by Alan. Good old Alan. \"And another thing, I best not catch you and your mates messing up this bar again. Last time all four of you were here it nearly took me two and a half hours to get this place to its proper order. Now if you don't want to get your skinny arse beaten by me or worse your father I suggest you and your friends stay out of my face.\" Alan finished, shoving a drink into Ed's hands. Ed at this point was bright red with embarrassment. Just when he was about to speak to a hot young woman, he gets disciplined like a child right in front of her. And here I thought I was having a good day , he thought. Ed turned around, going back to his table, hoping to drink away his humiliation. Thanks for reading, hopefully there is more to come soon. Constructive criticism is always welcome so let me know what you think. Until next time, bye loves.[Chapter 3] A/N: Hello, hello. This is a long chapter (8 pages, yah) and I had so much fun writing it. I have two things I would like to mention again: If anyone knows some great British slang out there please let me know of it and its meaning, I would really appreciate it. I am also somewhat worried about some of the British slang that I used in my chapters because I don't know if I used it in the wrong format/context or not, so please let me know about that. Now, enough of this foreplay, let's get started. Please enjoy. Well, that was embarrassing, Ed thought as he reached his table. Soap and Tom were in the middle of another card game. \"Have you stopped your crying yet, or do you need a tissue?\" Bacon said, as his other friends snickered. But Ed wasn't listening to them, he was watching the mysterious woman at the bar starting to get up and walk towards the jukebox. Bacon, noticing Ed's lack of attention, looked at the object of his distraction. \"Fuck me. Will you look at her?\" \"What?\" said Soap. \"Where!\" Tom said looking up quickly. \"Next to the jukebox you idiots.\" Ed answered with exasperation. All of them were now thoroughly entranced by this beauty. They all watched her pick a song, a song that was perfect for what all four men were feeling at that very moment, \"I Want You\" by the Beatles. It looked like she was about to walk back to the bar but then she bent to pick something off the floor. \"Jes-ass!\" Said Tom \"Whose's ineloquent now you arsehole.\" Said Soap. \"Well, when you see a bird like that you are bound to say something stupid.\" \"Have you ever seen her before Ed?\" Bacon asked curiously, finally turning away from the beauty to speak with his friend. \"No I haven't, but lord knows we all wouldn't mind getting to know her better.\" Alexandria almost felt sorry for the guy as he walked away, looking all red with embarrassment and such. But she also needed to respect Alan for being a no nonsense type of man. She knew plenty well how people tend to act up in bars so you needed to set the ground rules straight before the patrons start walking all over you. Oh bien. Savoring her drink she started to reminisce about her father. He would take her to bars like this for as long as she could remember. Always after school when there was hardly any people around the bar. He would usually talk to the owners or some other big honcho at a nearby table, while she was at the bar, drinking a soda, doing her homework or just talking with the people that worked there. They didn't mind talking to a cute and curious kid, it was better than actually having to work. But she was always more curious on what her dad would discuss with less than reputable people for hours at a time. Alex wouldn't know the answer to that until she grew a little older. Noticing that Alan was busy with some customers, Alex went to the jukebox and looked through the selection they had. Much to her delight, but not truly surprised, they had a wide range of Beetles songs to choose from. She finally decided on one of her favorites, \"I Want You.\" Turning around Alex noticed a wallet on the floor. Picking it up, she walked back to the bar and opened it to see if there was any ID to find the owner. She realized that it was the same guy that was yelled at by Alan earlier. Looking around the bar she spotted the back of him at a table with three other men, and started walking over to him. All men slowly averted their eyes from the woman as she went to the bar. \"She's not from around here I can tell you that\" Said Soap, going back to his cards. \"Doesn't matta, she's providing a much needed service here. There hasn't been a female that good looking here since . . . since Ed here decided to wear a dress last year. A real gender bender that was.\" \"Fuck off!\" Ed yelled at a now laughing Tom. \"Alright Nancy, calm down. I had to say something to spook you out of that stupor of yours.\" Tom said while looking back at his cards. \"But I suppose you can't help but be caught off guard by a hot, Cuban woman, with a fine arse, and a pair of knockers that-\" He was interrupted by a soft voice. \"Excuse me.\" Ed slowly turned around, almost afraid of what he'd find, but he already knew who spoke. It was her . \"You dropped your wallet.\" She said while holding his wallet out towards him. Ed had taken it out to pay Alan but must have left it behind somewhere. Ed gently took the wallet out of her hand and cleared his throat. \"Thank you.\" She smiled back at him. \"You're welcome.\" She turned around, about to walk away. \"Wait!\" Ed scrambled up from his chair. She stopped and turned back to him. \"I'm Ed.\" He said while holding out his hand to shake hers. \"Yes, I know. I overheard Alan say some things about you. Apparently you are a major pain in his arse .\" She said, putting a British tilt in the end. Ed chuckled at this. \"Oh, and speaking of asses. She turned to Tom with a smile. \"Just so you known, to make sure there's no confusion. I'm a hot Puerto Rican woman with a nice ass, not Cuban.\" She walked back to the bar as Ed, Bacon, and Soap exploded with laughter, laughing at their friend who had the misfortune of having a big mouth. Tom didn't even have the grace to blush in embarrassment, but laughed along with the rest of his friends. Alex smiled as she came back to the bar and found Alan coming back around in front of her. \"Where were you? Thought you ran off or somethin'.\" She smiled at his worry. \"No, I was returning something to that man you were yelling at before.\" \"You need to clarify on who that was, love. I yell at many a men around here.\" \"He said his name was Ed.\" As Ed managed to breathe again without laughing, he noticed the absence of the woman and quickly found her sitting at the bar talking to Alan. Walking towards her he overheard their conversation and leaned against the bar. \"Yes, that's my name, but I still don' t know yours.\" \"I don't think I should give my name to a man I don't know who apparently likes to wear women's clothing.\" Alex said with a slick smile on her face. \"What the hell is wrong with you lad?\" Said Alan, looking at Ed with a mixture of disgust and confusion. To be honest it was probably more disgust than confusion. Ed only ignored him; he couldn't believe that she had heard everything he and his mates were talking about. If women wanted to hear what men talked about when they weren't around then men would have to turn either gay, or in to monks, because no woman would ever want to be around them and their caveman like minds. \"Did you overhear the entire conversation?\" \"No. I only heard the more interesting parts.\" She smiled innocently at him. \"I'm Alexandria.\" \"Well Alex, can I buy you a drink? It's the least I could do considering you rescued my wallet from being kidnapped, violated and possibly sodomized by the patrons of this fine establishment.\" He said while swinging his arm around the bar, showing her the other people that could have picked his wallet up instead of her. \"Don't you think you're being a little dramatic?\" \"I'm English.\" He said simply, as if that explained everything. \"Besides, I doubt any of these wankers would give two thoughts on bringing me wallet back. Thank goodness for me you are different.\" Alex laughed slightly inside her head. With a father like hers you would think she would have no problem of just keeping his wallet for herself. But growing up the way she did she wanted to live differently from the way her father, and many of their friends, lived their lives. \"Alan, I'll have two bottles for me and the misses, thanks.\" Said Ed, flashing a smile at Alan, trying to make up for there earlier tiff. Alan just grumbled as went on his way talking about Ed being a no good piss-artist. \"So, you must know Alan well for him to speak so warmly of you.\" Alexandria said, heavy with sarcasm. \"You can say that, I've known Alan all me life. I was just a little tyke following him around causing mischief wherever I go.\" \"Now, I suppose, you a grown man causing mischief wherever you go. And you still manage to piss off Alan. That's quite an accomplishment.\" \"Thank you.\" Alan came back holding out two dark bottles of beer. \"Now that we have received our refreshments would you like to retire at a table with me mates? There looking a bit lost without me.\" Looking at the table with his friends she could see that they all were looking a bit down. \"Awe, they look like they just lost there favorite toy or something.\" \"Be careful, they might just want to play with you.\" \"Should I be afraid?\" She questioned playfully at him. \"Only of the tiny one,\" He said pointing to Soap, and smiled at her. \"Be aware of any sudden movements.\" As they reached the table Ed started making the introductions. \"Alex, I would like you to meet my friends. Starting off we have Soap, then Tom, and Bacon.\" Alex shook the hands of all the men as they were being introduced. \"Chaps, I would like to introduce you to a woman you wished you could have around your arm, Alexandria.\" Alex contemplated for a moment before speaking. \"That's interesting that your name is Bacon considering your friend Tom here is a pig.\" She said, giving Tom a playful wink. \"Cheeky one she is.\" Bacon mumbled to Tom with a smile, he can tell he liked this woman already. \"My most humble and deepest apologies madam for speaking like the horrid rake that I am\" Tom said, while he bowed with a flourish to Alex. \"Well . . . you weren't kidding Ed. Men in this country are very dramatic.\" Alex said while looking cautiously at Tom who was still in a bowing position. \"For God sakes Tom, will you get up? You in that position makes your belly roles more noticeable.\" Said Soap, being simple and blunt as he always was. \"Shut it you git.\"Tom said, but straitened himself out anyway. \"So Alex, tell us.\" Bacon said as the other men were settling down and going back to their cards. \"How long have you been in our fine country?\" \"Not too long, a few days.\" \"And what do you think about it so far?\" Tom questioned. \"To be honest, I haven't really seen much of anything here to make a solid opinion.\" Alex answered before taking a drink of her beer. \"Well seems to me you need someone to show you the sites, in fact, I can show you all kinds of things.\" Bacon finished with a few wiggles of his eyebrows. Alex laughed aloud, \"You Englishmen are also very flirtatious.\" \"Well, what can I say, it's a gift really. Some of us were born with it better than others.\" Bacon explained while pointing discretely at Tom. \"Enough of this Bacon, let's play some cards.\" Ed started shuffling the deck of cards with a speed and fluidity that it started to make Alex dizzy. \"Do you play cards Alex?\" \"A bit.\" She answered evasively. \"Well let me deal you in, you might learn something Yank.\" Ed and the others shared a smirk that was filled with the famous European cockiness. Two hours later Bacon, Tom, and Soap had each respectfully lost their money in an almost even split between Alex and Ed. Throughout the game all the men had slowly realized that Alex was a tough and worthy competitor. And she had one of the best poker faces that Ed had ever seen. The little twitches, or hints that someone would give when they had a good or bad hand, were nearly unrecognizable with her. She was a cool one, she was. Before he even knew what happened, Ed had lost two hands to her. In between all the betting, card shuffling and drinking, the men learned some things about Alex, and she learned a few things about them. For instance, they learned that Alex was a complete action film buff and had a dire fear of romance movies. Alex learned that Soap was a chef at a nearby restaurant and that Tom had, what he felt, a thyroid problem which was one of the reasons he couldn't lose weight as quickly as other people. But when he said this, the others grumbled loudly making Alex wonder if Tom really had a problem or he just couldn't admit to himself that he can't say no to spotted dick. Spotted dick being his favorite desert, and ate it almost weekly. Alex couldn't believe that she was so brazen with these men. They all made her laugh and smile. Almost making her feel like the person she used to be before the disaster with her father happened. And most importantly, they made her forget for a little while that her life was a complete mess. For that she was greatful. \"So, Alex, how did you become so good at cards? Not too many people can say that they beat ol' Ed here.\" Soap wondered, losing at yet another hand of cards. \"I don't really know. I just kind of picked it up from people here and there.\" Alex answered, leaving a lot unsaid. Like the fact that when she went to bars with her dad, some of the people that worked there would play cards with one another. Well, Alex was curious to see what they were doing so she would watch them play and occasionally ask questions, not long after Alex had them teach her how to play. As time passed Alex got better and better. Everyone thought it was cute that there was this small kid beating people in cards who were four times her age. For her father, well, he couldn't have been more proud. Daddy's little hustler , she mused. People thought that she was a natural, but to Alex, it was just a way to pass the time. \"Well all, we'll be closing up shop in a just minute.\" Alan's voice interrupted the five from their finale game. \"Jez-us, what time is it?\" Tom asked through a yawn, while he stretched out on his chair. \"Eleven.\" Answered Ed as he quickly gathered the playing cards in to a neat deck and stuffed that into his pocket. \"Yeah, and it's about time.\" Said Alan tiredly, as he started to straighten up the pub. Alex got up from the table to go help the older man. \"Alan, let me help you with that. You shouldn't have to do this all by yourself.\" \"No no. I'm alright, there is no need-\" Alan tried to stop Alex from helping but she was having none of that. \"It's okay Alan. I don't mind, besides I've worked in bars before and I know that cleaning up in places like this can be a major pain in the ass.\" Alex explained as she easily started putting away the clean mugs, and throwing away empty bottles. \"Why don't you go count the tills while I finish up here? It will give you a chance to get off your feet for a bit.\" \"Alex, love, you're an angel. Thank you.\" Alan ended his appreciation with a smile at her. As Alan left to the back office Ed slowly shook his head from side to side. \"Do you know that I have seen that old man smile more today than I have in my entire life?\" Alex only smiled a small smile at him as she got back to work. After a few minutes scrubbing down the tables and throwing any loose trash in to the garbage Alex had the lazy men around her help out with the rest of the cleaning. When Alan came back, he was shocked to see that the pub was nearly spotless. \"Well done Alex.\" Alan exclaimed. \"Awe well I couldn't have done it without my little helpers.\" She said, while giving Tom's and Soap's cheeks a gentle squeeze. \"If you ever need a job let me know, we could use a girl like you around here.\" \"Oh, Alan, I don't know-\" \"Oh don't be silly Alex.\" Ed interrupted. \"It's a great job, good money, and you get to see us about every day. What's not to love?\" \"Well . . .\" This is a chapter that I am really proud of and I hope all of you out there liked it. Reviews, either good or bad, are always welcome so please let me know what you think. Until next time. Bye loves.[Chapter 4] A/N: Hello, hello. As always, I would like to mention: If anyone knows some great British slang out there please let me know of it and its meaning, I would really appreciate it. I am also somewhat worried about some of the British slang that I used in my chapters because I don't know if I used it in the wrong format/context or not, so please let me know about that. Now, enough of this foreplay, let's get started. Please enjoy. 1234567890 1234567890 Alex couldn't decide what she was going to do about the offer from Alan. Sure it sounded like a great idea, and lord knows she needed the money, but she still wasn't sure. Maybe it was because the offer was so sudden and out of the blue, or maybe it was because it has been a long time since anyone had been so nice to her. Either way she told Alan that she would think about it, and would tell him what she decided by the end of the week. The rain had stopped when the gang left the pub. Alex decided to walk to the hotel that night after declining an offer from Ed to give her a ride back. The hotel wasn't that far away and Soap volunteered to walk with her just in case there were any \"baddies\" around. The night smelled fresh as Alex inhaled a deep gulping breath. There was no noise other than the light footsteps' of Alex and Soap. Calm. She couldn't remember the last time she was this calm. Relaxed even . . . Alex looked over at Soap and noticed that he wasn't a big talker at the bar, didn't have as big a personality as Bacon or Tom, or even Ed. He was the silent one. The Tonto of the group if you will. He was the type of person who would talk only when he had something significant to say. He didn't need endless, meaningless, small talk. Soap didn't seem to mind silence which made it easy for Alex to be around him because she didn't have to struggle to think up a topic of conversation, . . . or dodge any unwanted questioning. Or so she thought. They had walked all the way to the hotel entrance were Alex was about to say goodnight to Soap when he decided to ask her some things that she had hoped to avoid that night. \"So, I noticed you never really told us why you came to England.\" He said looking at her a little more than curiously. \"Oh, well, I guess you could say I just needed a change of scenery.\" Alex said simply as she walked into the hotel, followed quickly by the now more curious Soap. Walking through the lobby Alex found Ronny now asleep over the hotel check-in counter, not wanting to disturb the boy Alex left the umbrella by his snoring head. \"Some security he is.\" Soap commented as he followed Alex who was quickly climbing up the stairs. She was hoping that he would drop the subject, but he didn't. He easily kept up with her pace and went up the stairs. \"So, you came over three thousand miles for a change of scenery?\" Soap asked dubiously, clearly not buying her explanation. \"For some reason, I just can't see you doing that. Now come on Alex. Why did you really come here? Is it because of the fish and chips?\" \"No.\" \"Is it because of our 'fantastic' weather?\" \"No.\" \"Is it the tea, you are an obsessive tea drinker then.\" She simply shook her head as she reached a hall filled with numbered doors. \"So you came for no particular reason? I don't buy that. Tell me honestly Alex. You can trust me. Why would you come all this way -?\" \"Just drop it Soap!\"Alex said, turning around to him, clearly fed up with Soap's questioning. Any sense of calm she had within her was torn apart, and all that was left were uncontrolled emotions. She closed her eyes and leaned on a door that Soap guessed led to her room. When Alex finally opened her eyes, she looked at him with tired, watery eyes. \"Just drop it.\" She said quietly. 1234567890 1234567890 Soap looked at her with sympathetic eyes. He could tell that life wasn't being very kind on Alex for quite some time now and she was trying to find a way out. She was trying to start anew. That was something he could sympathesize with. His life wasn't filled with peaches and cream either, it was more like paprika and cayenne. His friends knew that he had a somewhat dark past that he never talked about. He did things that made him feel guilty for a very long time, but he was trying to get over it, just like Alex was trying to get over whatever happened in her life. 1234567890 1234567890 Soap wasn't looking at Alex with fake sympathy or pity, but with understanding. And even though they didn't know each other long, in that moment a bond was formed between the two. She knew that whatever she told Soap he wouldn't judge her and for that she was grateful. They stayed like that for a few moments, simply looking at one another until Soap yet again broke the silence between them. \"Alex, if you don't ever want to tell me why you came here that's fine. But I want you to know, that if you ever need anyone to talk to, I'm here. You can trust me.\" She did want to tell him, she really did. She wanted to let this burden off her shoulders and just tell anybody what happened. But she wasn't ready, she just wasn't ready. She offered Soap a sad smile instead and said, \"I know that Soap. Thank you.\" She opened her door ready to go in and take a long needed rest when she stopped and faced green-eyed, shaggy haired Soap. \"Do you think I should take that bartending job Alan offered me?\" \"If you are worried about him or any other bloke over there, don't be. Alan yells a lot but he's harmless and if anyone gives you grief than it's lucky for you that you have your own personal set of bodyguards at your beck and call. And I think that goes especially for Tom. From the way he was drooling all over you tonight I get the feeling he fancies you.\" \"Really, and I thought he was being subtle.\" Alex shared a smile with Soap and said goodnight. 1234567890 1234567890 As Alex was resting on her bed later on that night, she was thinking about the offer from Alan. She was arguing with herself because she almost felt like she was getting a hand out from someone who felt sorry for her but she knew that that wasn't what it was at all. Alan was simply being sweet and helpful to her, and she would be around the guys, who were really great to her. But, she reminded herself, she was trying to be independent now and only rely on herself. However, how can she rely on herself when she had almost no had no money? Boy was she confused. She kept going back and forth until she made a deal with herself: If she couldn't go out and find a job by the end of the week then she would accept Alan's offer. At least with this she could say that she tried to do this herself. Snuggling in to her pillows and close to sleep, Alex decided that tomorrow she would search and get a job . . . At least she hoped. 1234567890 1234567890 Thank you guys so much, you all rock. I really hope you like what I write. Reviews are always welcome so please let me know what you think. Until next time. Bye loves.[Chapter 5] Hi everyone, I'm really sorry for not updating for so long. I'm not going to bore you with the details of my personal life so I'm just going to apologize and thank everyone that has ever reviewed or even took the time to read my story. I'm not going to promise that I'm going to update every week like some people do and they never do giving false hope to everyone, but I do promise to spend more of my attention and time on this story. Obviously I own nothing. Now, enough of this foreplay, let's get started. Please enjoy. When the weekend arrived, Alex walked back towards JD's bar. She had kept the promise to herself and for the past few days tried to find any available jobs in the surrounding area. The results . . . well let just say they didn't exactly go in her favor. That's putting it fucking mildly , she thought. Especially at the last interview in a rundown office building where the head manager in charge took great delight in telling Alex of their clothing optional policy and then proceeded to rub his sweaty hand on her thigh. Her knuckles were still bruised after that encounter, but they were nothing compared to the mess that she left for his more than grateful secretary to find. God knows how long that poor girl suffered under his perverted eyes, but it made Alex smile thinking that he would be out of commission, and out of the office, until they at least found his other testicle. As Alex opened the door to the bar she became instantly aware of the massive assault of drunken fools bombarding the one man bartender. Of course, she knew that bars were always busy on weekends but Christ, this was ridiculous. Blasted boozers to the right, left, and one even trying to climb up the piano. You would think that the descendents of the Tudor era, the Victorian era, the Beatles era, they would conduct themselves with bit more civility. Not acting like Alex did when she tried Absinthe for the first time at Mardi Gras. She didn't remember much but she did wake up in bed with a shit load of beads. Alex scanned around the place looking for any of the guys but couldn't find them. Thinking that she might have better luck finding them at the counter Alex started making her move. With a lot of clever maneuvering and a well placed elbow to the guts of a couple of grabby drunks, Alex finally reached her destination. She didn't see any of the guys but what she did see was Alan who was not only manning the bar by himself but was also two steps away from stabbing someone repeatedly with a corkscrew. Alex squeezed in between a group of loud pendejos at the bar and tried to get Alan's attention. \"Alan. Alan! What the hell is going on?!\" \"Blimey, Alex. Thank God you're ére. We're all up to pot! These duffers are the local football team, they won their championship match about an hour ago and everyone that was at the fucking game seems to be ére now! They decided the best way to celebrate is to put an old man in to an early gra- Hold the fuck on, you rat arsed little bastard!\" Alan yelled at an unyielding man who was trying to grab a bottle of beer over the counter. \"Alright, well I guess that settles it then.\" Hearing and seeing enough Alex decided to take action. She then proceeded to jump over the counter and assist Alan. She quickly assessed where the bottles and glasses were and, as efficiently as possible, Alex got into the grove of things: Opening a bottle of beer with one hand, while pouring a glass of whiskey with the other. Divvying up change for one customer, while chatting it up with another. 123456789123456789123456789123456789 With her help, Alan quickly got some of the burden lifted off of him and felt he can now breathe without threatening one of these bastards with a soon and impending death. Since Alex had a handle of the bar better than he did on his best day, Alan decided he would help by handing out drinks to the faithful regulars and older people at the back tables were it would put less strain on them and on the front bar. 123456789123456789123456789 It was definitely a challenge at first but Alex was used to being a bartender for so many years that her body seemed to be going on autopilot. It didn't really matter what country she was in, the drinks don't really change when you're dealing with a whole bunch of rowdy sports fans, be it New Jersey or England. The one thing that should have been at least a challenge was the exchange of money but since she was a woman, dealing with money was inherently in her DNA and didn't have a problem with new currency. Alex smiled to an older customer as she gave him back his change. After wishing him a goodnight, Alex proceeded to wipe down the counter while the well-used glasses were being washed in the back by Alan. As she was concentrating on scrubbing at an especially stubborn spot she did not notice a furious man walk behind the bar until he grabbed a hold of her arm and spun her around to face him. The man must have been at least half a foot taller than her and he used every one of those inches to try and tower over her so she could get a clear look into his cold blue eyes. With a disgusted curl on his lips he yelled, \"What the fuck do you think you are doing?\" \"I'm the girl who is going to break a forty dollar bottle of scotch upside your head if you don't let go of me.\" Never one to be intimidated by a man again, Alex then proceeded to show him said scotch bottle with a disgusted curl on her lips \"Oh really well I might be the one who throws you on your arse if you don't get out of here!\" \"I'd like to see you try old man!\" 123456789123456789123456789 Hearing the loud argument in progress, Alan quickly stopped what he was doing, rushed behind the bar and jumped in between his tiny friend and his longtime friend. \"JD, this is Alex, she is helping us out tonight.\" \"Really, since fucking when?\" \"Christ, must every other word coming out of your mouth be fuck ? And why are you so upset in the first place, if it wasn't for me you guys would have been in the hole tonight!\" \"If you're not careful half pint the least of your worries will be my vocabulary.\" \"You're going to threaten me; you should be kissing my ass in gratitude.\" \"Alright, alright, that is enough you two!\" Alan looked towards his boss. \"JD, I couldn't man the bar by myself tonight since you fired that wanker from Waddock two weeks back, we need Alex. She's a hard worker and she obviously knows what she's doing.\" He then spun towards Alex. \"And you my darling girl, as much as I adore you I won't have you antagonize my boss because he's a hard ass, you two would fight it out all night. So my suggestion to both of you is to stay out of each other's way.\" As the night progressed things had continued to go smoothly except for the occasional spat between JD and Alex; something about getting in each other's work space or personal space or outer space or whatever. 123456789123456789123456789 When it was close to closing time Bacon and the guys came in through the front door and sat at the bar. \"Ah, I see you've made yourself comfortable.\" \"I knew you would be back, you couldn't resist us.\" \"Yeah, and I couldn't resist a paycheck either, Tom. You guys do realize that we're going to close in like five minutes.\" Ed leaned into the counter and grabbed Alex's hand. \"We do realize this love but we intend to use everyone one of those minutes to get pissed as coots.\" He lightly kissed her hand as the others laughed in good nature. \"Fine, what can I get you guys?\" As Alex got their drink order she let out a long and loud yawn. \"Rough night love.\" \"You could say that Soap.\" Alex walked around the counter and sat in the empty stool next to him and Ed, resting her tired body. \"My night basically consisted of random men yelling belligerent drink orders while avoiding groping hands trying to conduct what I think were \"physical examination\" and having shouting matches with my potential boss.\" She took a deep breath and a sip Soap's water. \"So, all in all it wasn't a bad night. It could have been worse. Besides, that group tips really well.\" She enficised her point as she slapped a bundle of money on the counter. As the other three whistled in appreciation at the stack of bills, Ed had a thought. \"Wait, did you say that you had a shouting match with your potential boss?\" \"Yeah, crew cut, bad suit, worse attitude. You met him before right? You said you come in here all the time, you guys must have me him once or twice.\" \"If only we were given that option.\"Tom muttered to Soap. \"You could say we know him very well, that pleasant fellow is Ed's dad.\" Bacon said with fake pride. \"Really? Wow Ed I'm so sorry.\" Getting slightly pissed Ed shrugged off Bacon and Alex's sympathetic pats on his shoulder. \"Alright, alright. He's my father; I didn't get diagnosed with cancer.\" \"The lesser of the two evils in my opinion.\" Soap muttered to Tom. \"Why didn't you tell me your father was the owner?\" \"You didn't know? Well, what did you think I meant when I said if you took this job you would see us every day?\" \"Not that your dad owns the place, but maybe you guys were borderline alcoholics. I don't know.\" \"She's not far from the truth there.\"Tom muttered back to Soap as they tapped glasses in congratulations of their defaults. \"If I knew that that was your daddy I would have called him an asshole a lot less.\" Alex said with obvious false honesty. \"I kind of doubt that.\"Soap muttered to Tom. \"Will you two stop that!\"Ed snapped at Tom and Soap as the two laughed among themselves like a couple of school girls. \"You're acting like the two old men from the Muppet Show.\" \"Oh, oh, what were their names? Um, uh, I know this. I know this.\" Alex thought to herself in what the boys could only guess was her thinking face which they all thought was completely adorable.\"They were Stalin and Winston. Hah, I knew I would remember I'm awesome like that.\" With a smile of self congratulations Alex then hopped off the bar stool and walked behind the counter. \"Sweetheart, they were Statler and Waldorf.\" Tom patted Alex's head like you would a little girl. \"It's alright though, no need to fret. With looks like yours you don't need to know a lot of things.\" \"With that being the case Tom you would be the smartest man on the planet.\" As the guys laughed at Soap's insult at Tom, JD came up behind them. That was the thing that annoyed the guys the most about JD, he was never seen coming up to you; he only appeared. \"Alex, come on. I'd like a word with you.\" JD then walked back to where his office was, knowing full well that she would follow behind him. \"Goody for you.\"Bacon emphasized with false cheer. \"Go suck a duck Bacon.\" Snatching his beer Alex then followed after JD. Showdown comes next, -grins- ","Summary":" A/N: Hey everyone, I wanted to redo my story \"Come Together\" so it could be fresher, better, and "},{"Movie":"Snowpiercer","Title":"Le monde en héritage","Author":"Eilisande","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12655794","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Prompt de l'Obscur Echange : Yona et la survie. Avant le film (sa vie dans le train avec son père), pendant (opinions et relations d'elle et son père sur les autres personnages...) ou après (et maintenant ?). - Ça peut rejoindre la BD (avant, pendant ou après les souris...) ou pas, si tu as d'autres idées pour la suite du film, lâche-toi ! Quelle est sa relation avec Curtis ? Avec Timmy ? Les difficultés de communication, la drogue, la solitude, le bruit et le silence... Peut être super gore/trash, ou aussi tendre que possible; j'aime le drôle d'optimisme-malgré-tout de la fin du film. Notes : se passe juste après la fin du film, ne prend pas en compte Terminus. -.-.-.-.- La première crise de manque surgit quelques heures après le déraillement du Transperceneige. Yona s'y attendait. Son père l'avait prévenu. Elle n'avait cependant pas envisagé qu'elle serait seule avec un enfant, perdue au milieu de la neige, pour y faire face. Elle ne pensait pas perdre son père au moment de gagner l'immensité. Tandis qu'elle se tordait de douleur au sol, elle vit son père. Il avait l'air réel, plus que la douleur dans ses entrailles ou l'odeur de sa propre unique. Ce n'était pas la première fois que Yona hallucinait à cause de la drogue, mais jamais elle n'avait autant souhaité que l'hallucination n'en soit pas une. Son père lui parla, mais elle n'entendit pas ses paroles, seulement la cacophonie du train qui déraillait, encore et encore, dans sa tête. Que voulait-il lui dire ? Peut-être lui reprochait-il sa stupidité. Elle savait qu'elle allait faire une crise et qu'elle avait frôlé l'overdose. Jamais elle n'aurait du prendre la main de l'enfant – Comment s'appelait-il, Willy, Timmy, Tommy ? – et s'aventurer dans la neige. Ce n'était plus un décor ou de belles images. Le monde était là, tout autour d'elle, prêt à l'engloutir dans sa froide blancheur. Le dehors était un monstre qui lui avait volé sa mère. Elle était là, elle aussi. Un monticule blanc qui voulait l'embrasser et l'entraîner avec elle. Ne la regarde pas. C'était son père qui parlait. Elle se tourna vers lui, mais il ne la regardait plus. Il n'avait d'yeux que pour sa mère et elle le vit se dissoudre sous ses yeux, devenir neige et cendre. Elle hurla. Il n'avait pas le droit. Pas le droit de l'abandonner comme ça, de la laisser seule dans le froid. Je ne peux pas y arriver toute seule, aurait-elle voulu lui dire, je ne sais rien de l'extérieur, c'est toi qui a vécu, moi je me suis contentée d'attendre, de laisser faire, d'observer, je ne sais rien, rien d'utile, rien d'important. De ses lèvres gercées et ensanglantées, seul un râle d'agonie s'échappa. Résiste . Ce n'était plus son père qui parlait, son père n'était qu'une tache humide invisible dans la neige ou COMMENT IL EST MORT. C'était Curtis, la moitié du visage arraché par l'explosion de la locomotive. Elle pouvait voir son crâne sous les lambeaux de sa joue. Yona savait qu'elle avait regardé le cadavre de son père, qu'il devait être exactement comme celui de Curtis quand elle a du le soulever, encore fumant, pour pouvoir sortir du train. Mais elle ne s'en souvenait pas. Son père lui a dit UN JOUR que certaines personnes ne se souvenaient pas de leur vie avant le train parce que c'était trop douloureux. Elle, elle ne pouvait pas se souvenir de son père comme d'un amas de chairs déchiquetées. Elle ne voulait même pas se souvenir de lui. C'était sa faute si elle était là à trembler de froid et de chaud dans ses fourrures, dans sa sueur et dans son urine tandis que lui n'aurait plus jamais ni froid ni faim. Yona ne voulait pas du monde en héritage. Elle voulait son père. Si elle ne pouvait l'avoir, autant mourir. Résiste. Pourquoi Curtis ne voulait pas se taire ? Il était mort. Les morts devraient se taire. Et s'il tenait temps à parler, qu'au moins il soit plus clair. A quoi était-elle sensée résister ? Pourquoi devrait-elle résister ? A quoi bon d'ailleurs ? RESISTE . On lui tenait la main. Était-ce son père ? Non, les doigts étaient bien trop petits et tremblants. C'était l'enfant, Timmy. Voilà ce que tentait de lui dire Curtis. Il voulait qu'elle lutte parce que sinon Timmy resterait seul et mourrait. Le pauvre devait avoir si peur en la voyant dans cet état. Savait-il seulement ce que c'était que le manque ? Il y avit des accros parmi les queutards, sinon jamais Curtis n'aurait pu se fournir en kronol pour le leur donner. Non, Yona ne pouvait pas mourir. Son père n'était pas là pour les aider à survivre. La mère de Timmy reposait elle aussi dans le Transperceneige en ruines. Ce serait à elle d'aider l'enfant, de le protéger, de l'aimer. Elle ne serait plus une fille mais une mère, une sœur, tout ce qu'il faudrait qu'elle soit. Elle résisterait à la douleur. Curtis l'embrassa sur le front. Son père murmura quelque chose que le vent engloutit mais qu'elle n'avait pas besoin d'entendre parce qu'elle savait déjà tout ce qu'il pouvait bien vouloir lui dire. La douleur reflua, peu à peu. Il faisait sombre quand Yona ouvrit les yeux. L'espace d'un instant elle cru – espéra ? – être dans le train. Le manque de mouvements et l'absence du bruit rassurant de la Machine et des roues la ramena à la raison. Elle était dans une grotte, et la mémoire lui revint. Après avoir vu l'ours, Timmy et elle l'avaient suivi, fascinés. Ils n'avaient pas réalisé à quel point ils s'aventuraient loin de la carcasse du train. Ils avaient fini par perdre de vue la bête et par faire demi tour. Yona avait commencé à ressentir des sueurs froides à mi-chemin. Très vite, ses mains s'étaient mises à trembler. Elle avait d'abord cru à la fatigue. Elle n'était pas habituée à un tel effort. C'est quand elle avait commencé à avoir des hallucinations auditives qu'elle avait commencé à paniquer. La chance ou autre chose leur avait cependant permis de tomber sur cette grotte. Observant plus attentivement les lieux, Yona réalisa que la pénombre était causée par de la neige qui en tombant avait bouché l'ouverture. Une vague lumière passait tout de même à travers. La couche ne devait pas être très épaisse. Elle les avait néanmoins protégé du froid extérieur. Ils ne devaient leur survie qu'à une chute de neige qui aurait pu les tuer. Si son père était là, jamais il ne l'aurait laissé faire une chose aussi stupide que de suivre un animal dangereux dans la neige. Il n'aurait pas voulu non plus qu'elle reste à terre. Yona se redressa. Son geste réveilla Timmy qui dormait, accroché à son bras. La jeune fille eut alors honte du spectacle qu'elle lui donnait à voir. Ses cheveux emmêles étaient collés à son front par la sueur et elle puait l'urine, le sang et la fumée. Mais après tout, l'enfant couvert de cambouis et de sang était un queutard, habitué à voir et à sentir le pire de l'humanité. Yona oublia son apparence et essaya de lui sourire. Sa tentative n'était probablement pas des plus crédibles et l'enfant se contenta de la regarder avec des yeux immenses et tristes, les mains agrippés à sa manche. -Je me sens mieux, dit-elle pour le rassurer d'une voix rendue rauque par ses cris de douleur. Est-ce le soir ? Le matin ? L'enfant était-il muet, timide ou traumatisé ? Toujours est-il qu'il ne répondit que par deux hochements de tête, le premier négatif, le second positif. Yona soupira. Si cela avait été le crépuscule, elle aurait eu un prétexte pour rester dans la chaleur relative de la grotte. Il lui fallait cependant agir. La survie de Timmy, sa survie, étaient en jeu. Casser la couche de neige ne fut pas difficile et le froid était moins intense que ne l'avait rêvé Yona durant ses milliers de nuit passés à bord du Transperceneige. Elle enjamba l'ouverture et regarda de tout côté pour s'assurer que l'ours n'était pas là. Les leçons qu'elle avait suivi enfant lui avaient appris que l'animal était dangereux. Heureusement, il n'était pas là. Yona saisit Timmy sous les bras pour le faire passer de son côté et en le tenant par la main, retourna vers le Transperceneige. Ce n'était pas difficile de le retrouver. La carcasse fumait encore légèrement. A l'aller, Yona n'avait pas prêté attention au décor qui l'entourait. Elle était trop intriguée par l'immense bête blanche. Cette fois, elle ouvrit grand les yeux pour contempler l'immensité blanche et le ciel bleu. Combien de fois avait-elle regardé ce spectacle depuis les fenêtres du train, avant qu'on ne les enferme elle et son père ? Le voir en se tenant en plein milieu était totalement différent. C'était plus réel, et plus irréel à la fois. Mais le plus étrange, c'était le bruit, ou plutôt son absence. Yona avait grandit entourée de bruit, le bruit de la Machine, le bruit des rails, des pieds sur le plancher du train, des gens parlant, criant ou baisant dans les wagons voisins. Ici, on n'entendait que la neige craquant sous les pieds, des vêtements qui se frôlaient et que le souffle de sa propre respiration. Ce silence l'enivrait, presque davantage que le kronol lui-même. Jamais la drogue ne lui avait offert un tel silence. Yona avait l'impression de réaliser pour la première fois qu'elle était un individu et pas un morceau du train simplement un peu plus vivant que le reste des boulons et des tuyaux. Elle rit doucement et les montagnes lui répondirent. Timmy lui lâcha la main pour se pencher. Il ramassa la neige dans ses mains. Yona eut envie de lui hurler de la lâcher. Le froid allait le tuer, la neige le blesser. Mais non, l'enfant émit un souffle qui était presque un rire et Yona ne put s'empêcher de l'imiter. La neige était... froide bien sûr, mais elle était autre chose. Yona avait l'impression de tenir quelque chose de vivant dans ses mains. La neige pulsait presque et essayait de se liquéfier dans ses mains. La jeune fille la fit craquer entre ses doigts puis l'avala. Un frisson de froid parcourut ses entrailles tandis qu'elle sentit la neige devenir eau. Oui, c'était cela, la neige était comme le train, vivante. Yona avait la sensation de se tenir au centre d'une main immense prête à se refermer pour lui offrir un abri salvateur ou à l'asphyxier. C'était une épiphanie pour Yona. Elle réalisait maintenant à quel point elle avait eu peur depuis qu'elle était sortie du train. C'était le seul monde qu'elle avait connu, et elle avait appris à le déchiffrer, à entendre ce qui se passait derrière les portes closes. Curtis avait semblé surpris qu'elle sache faire cela. Son père, lui, n'aimait pas qu'elle en parle. Peut importait désormais, la menace que son père n'osait proférer à voix haute, sa peur panique qu'on les arrache l'un à l'autre, n'avait plus lieu d'être. Yona se laissa tomber dans la neige en riant et ferma les yeux. Elle goutta au silence et laissa sa conscience se dilater pour enserrer la vallée et les montagnes et le précipice où était tombé les wagons de queue. Elle pouvait sentir la présence de Timmy à ses côtés elle laissait comme un goût de graisse sur sa langue. Plus faiblement, elle pouvait toucher l'ours et sentit d'autres esprits à ses côtés. Il n'y avait là aucun humain, mais de la vie partout autour d'elle. Sous ses pieds elle pouvait presque sentir la terre endormie qui attendait que la neige parte pour libérer ses graines. Elle réalisa qu'elle pleurait mais elle n'arrêta pas de sourire. Elle se demanda soudain s'il restait du kronol dans le train. Si oui, peut-être qu'elle le ferait exploser au milieu de la neige. Peut être qu'elle le snifferrait. Mais jamais il ne pourrait lui apporter de telles sensations. De la neige lui tomba sur le visage et Yona rouvrit les yeux. Timmy se tenait au-dessus d'elle, les mains blanches et un sourire qui allait d'une oreille à l'autre. Yona referma ses mains sur de la neige et la fit voler. La capuche de l'enfant tomba en arrière et son visage se couvrit de poudre blanche. Il se pencha pour faire une nouvelle boule de neige. Yona bondit sur ses pieds. Ils ne cessèrent de courir et de se lancer la neige à la figure que lorsque leurs estomacs gargouillèrent. Yona réalisa qu'ils n'avaient pas mangé depuis au moins une journée entière. La neige tombée pendant la nuit amortit la chute à l'intérieur des wagons. Yona dépouilla quelques corps sans vie de leurs manteaux pour que Timmy ne se fasse pas mal. Ce ne fut pas facile, ils avaient commencé à geler. Elle nota qu'il faudrait qu'elle récupère le plus vite possible tous les vêtements réutilisables. Quand l'enfant fut descendu, ils passèrent à côté des cadavres sans sourciller. La mort leur était familière. Yona réalisa qu'elle n'avait pas parlé à l'enfant de sa mère et qu'il ne lui avait rien demandé. Il devait avoir compris tout seul, mais elle se promit d'entrer la première dans chaque wagon pour recouvrir le corps et épargner cette vision à son protégé. Personne n'avait survécu dans les quelques wagons qu'ils traversèrent. Ils s'arrêtèrent à chaque fois qu'ils trouvaient de la nourriture et l'engloutirent désespérément. Ce qu'ils laisseraient derrière eux gèlerait de toute façon dès la nuit suivante. Ils avaient déjà du mal à la consommer tellement il leur fallait mâcher pour attendrir la viande ou réchauffer les légumes. Le lendemain, il leur faudrait trouver une autre solution pour s'alimenter. Un plan commençait à germer dans la tête de Yona. Elle se rappelait de ce que Curtis avait raconté à son père tandis qu'elle dormait. Les queutards connaissaient le goût de la chair humaine. Quand ils furent rassasiés, Yona laissa Timmy se reposer dans un le seul wagon-lit aux vitres encore intactes après avoir éjecté du lit son occupant précédent, qui y reposait mort, la nuque brisée. Pendant qu'il se reposait, elle parcourut d'un bout à l'autre la douzaine de wagons de tête survivants pour récupérer tout ce qui pouvait servir. Elle fit une corde de draps tâchés de sang pour pouvoir entrer et sortir plus facilement des décombres, déshabilla chaque cadavre et entassa les vêtements autour de Timmy. Dans le wagon des techniciens, elle trouva des armes encore chargées et tout une caisse de vêtements de fourrure. Quand elle eut fini, elle entassa chaque débris de chaise, chaque tringle de lit, chaque rideau, tout ce qui pouvait prendre feu dans un coin. Il restait des braises rougeoyantes dans le wagon que son père avait fait exploser. Elle les réunit dans une petite bassine et y ajouta assez le bois pour qu'un feu minuscule prenne. Elle l'entretint en s'endormant doucement. Quand elle se réveilla, la nuit était tombée et ses membres étaient gelés. Sans le feu, elle serait probablement morte de froid. Elle avait eu moins froid dans la grotte. Heureusement, Timmy s'était éveillé et faisait tomber des chutes de tissu dans la bassine. Son visage était illuminé par la faible flamme. La jeune fille se leva pour saisir des fourrures et se coller à lui. Ils attendirent ainsi le matin, en somnolant par intermittence. Ils se réveillèrent, ankylosés par leur position et par le froid. Leur maigre feu n'était plus que cendres et braises. Il happa avec avidité les lambeaux de tissu et les débris d'un lit que lui offrit Yona et daigna repartir. Au-dessus d'eux, les fenêtres intactes du train leur donnait à voir un ciel d'un bleu radieux. Yona se leva et enfila les moufles de fourrure qu'elle avait trouvé dans un la regarda faire avec incertitude, en restant assis près du feu. De temps en temps, il contemplait le ciel avec appréhension. C'était naturel étant donné qu'il ne l'avait jamais vu avant d'être enlevé à sa mère. -Il ne va pas neiger, lui dit-elle avec fermeté. J'ai déjà vu un ciel comme ça par les fenêtres. Le temps va rester au beau plusieurs heures, peut-être même plusieurs jours. Bien sûr, en général, un temps pareil était souvent suivi de longues tempêtes de neige. Son père avait passé des heures à observer les variations de temps et à les analyser quand elle était enfant et l'avait forcé à apprendre en même temps que lui. Elle ignorait en ce temps-là ce qu'il comptait faire de ces observations. Tout en préparant son équipement, Yona pris note de déplacer au plus vite leurs possessions dans la grotte. Il leur faudrait ensuite partir à la recherche d'un abri plus durable. Que disait la carte de la salle de classe déjà ? Qu'au jour du nouvel an ils étaient dans les montagnes d'une région qui s'appelait Kazakhstan avant que le monde ne gèle ? Il y avait-il des grottes, plus larges, plus profondes et mieux abritées du vent dans la région ? Tant de leur survie reposait sur des incertitudes... Mais il était trop tôt pour se préoccuper de cela. La première règle de la survie, c'était de ne se soucier que de ce qu'il y avait devant soi Curtis lui avait appris cela. Ne s'occuper que de la prochaine porte, du prochain adversaire. Anticiper ce qu'il y avait au bout du chemin, au bout du train, c'était mourir, car la réalité ne pouvait qu'être différente de nos fantasmes et de nos préconçus. Ces pensées ramenèrent Yona à l'instant présent et à la tâche qui l'attendait. Elle se força à inspirer et respirer pour lutter contre la nausée. Ce qui lui répugnait, ce n'était pas ce qu'elle allait faire mais sa propre indifférence. -Surveille le feu, intima-t-elle à Timmy. Qu'il ne s'éteigne pas. L'enfant opina, ni soulagé ni en colère d'être ainsi mis à l'écart. Yona remonta le train jusqu'au wagon des drogués. Elle y saisit un cadavre, le premier venu, par les épaules. Il était déjà bien raide et le faire avancer sur la paroi du train devenue son plancher fut plus éprouvant pour ses muscles que tout ce qu'elle avait fait jusque alors. Arrivée sous la porte, elle sortit de son manteau une corde qu'elle y avait fourré un peu plus tôt et l'accrocha autour du torse du mort. Elle le reconnut soudain. C'était l'un des têtes de kronol à qui elle avait volé une bouteille d'alcool. Le gôut en avait été incomparable et plus jamais elle ne goûterait à quelque chose de semblable. Elle le savait pour avoir vérifié, aucune bouteille n'avait survécu à l'accident. Il ne restait désormais à boire que de la neige. C'était sans doute mieux. Escalader le plancher pour atteindre la porte ne fut pas trop dur, même en tenant la corde. Yona dut ensuite s'arquebouter et tirer de toutes ses forces sur la corde pour faire remonter le corps. Le plus difficile fut de lui faire passer la porte. Sa raideur empêchait de le faire sortir dans le sens de la largeur, mais l'autre solution se réveilla plus périlleuse pour l'équilibre de Yona. Après avoir manqué de tomber à plusieurs reprises, elle fit enfin basculer le cadavre dans la neige avec soulagement. Celui-ci fut de courte durée. Elle recommença par deux fois l'éprouvante tâche avant de s'effondrer dans la neige à côté des trois corps nus. Ses épaules et son dos tout entier étaient en feu mais il lui fallit bien se relever et à nouveau saisir une corde. Elle traîna chaque corps sur une courte distance et les déposa en un vague tas derrière un monticule de neige qui cachait le train. De son manteau, Yona sortit alors la seule bouteille restée miraculeusement intacte dans le frigo du wagon-lit où ils avaient dormi. Elle l'ouvrit et la renifla puis, en soupirant, vida l'intégralité de la sauce barbecue sur la chair humaine à moitié gelée. L'odeur se répandit aussitôt dans l'atmosphère, lui mettant l'eau à la bouche. Elle s'éloigna presque à contrecœur pour se cacher derrière la butte de neige. Là, elle s'allongea au sommet de celle-ci et attendit. Son menton posé sur la neige, elle regardait la condensation de sa respiration et réfléchissait. Depuis deux jours, elle ne cessait de penser à l'histoire de Curtis avec ses grands yeux tristes qui connaissait le goût de la chair humaine. Elle se demanda si la mère de Timmy avait elle aussi goûté à la chair de bébé avant d'avoir le sien et si elle avait eu peur que Curtis se mange. Cela aurait été si facile de faire comme lui et de couper les corps des têtes de kronol ou des privilégiés ou bien d'attendre la nuit et que Timmy dorme et... Mieux valait arrêter là le cours de ses pensées. Yona se força à se concentrer sur autre chose que l'odeur que le vent ramenait vers elle. Elle écouta plutôt tous ces bruits qui allaient devoir lui devenir familiers, le vent, son corps qui se plaignait du froid et de la faim et la neige qui craquait au loin, Il lui fut difficile de ne pas se relever tant elle était excitée quand elle réalisa que ce craquement était régulier et continu. Mieux encore, il se rapprochait. Elle se força néanmoins à rester le plus immobile possible tandis qu'elle sortait avec un luxe de précautions le dernier objet qu'elle avait mis sous son manteau. Elle n'eut pas à attendre très longtemps. Bientôt un couple de renards apparut. L'un était plus grand que l'autre. Yona n'espérait désormais plus que deux choses. Qu'elle ne se trompe pas en croyant que chez la plupart des mammifères la femelle soit la plus petite, et qu'elle ne rate pas la cible. Il fallait que les renards puissent se reproduire. Il fallait qu'elle mange. Seize ans, cela représentait combien de générations d'ours et de renards occupés à repeupler la terre ? Le plus grand des deux animaux s'effondra avec un jappement. L'autre s'enfuit, poursuivit par l'écho de la balle dans les montagnes. Heureusement, cette petite explosion ne cause pas de nouvelle avalanche, comme elle l'avait craint tout en refusant de s'en inquiéter. Yona courut dans la neige sans se soucier que celle-ci s'introduise dans ses bottes et la refroidisse. Elle était trop excitée et affamée pour se soucier de ses orteils. Sa proie gisait, morte, dans son propre sang. Par chance, Yona l'avait atteint en pleine tête. Elle s'en réjouit mais avait conscience qu'une telle chance ne se reproduirait probablement pas et qu'il lui faudrait s'entraîner pour reproduire un tel tir, de préférence avec une lance ou un harpon improvisé. Les balles étaient plus précieuses que jamais. Sa fatigue oubliée, Yona entoura d'une corde l'animal et le traîna jusqu'à la carcasse du Transperceneige. Il était cependant hors de question de le traîner à l'intérieur alors que sa plaie saignait encore. Elle l'accrocha donc à la porte du train, assez haut pour qu'il soit hors d'atteinte de prédateurs aventureux. Timmy l'attendait à côté du feu. Une odeur de fumée avait imprégné peu à peu le wagon. Ce n'était pas une odeur désagréable mais elle lui donnait envie de tousser. L'enfant avait du bien l'entretenir et avait du également fouiller les wagons car il avait rempli un sac à dos qu'il tenait dans une main, prêt à partir. Dans l'autre, il tenait un ours en pluche tâché de sang. Il faudrait qu'elle le nettoie dans la neige. A son tour, elle saisit autant d'affaires qu'elle le put pour mettre dans un deuxième sac, couteaux, écharpes, condiments, sous-vêtements. Des dizaines d'autres choses la tentaient, peignes, ciseaux, bibelots en tout genre, mais c'était du superflu. Quatre choses seulement avaient encore de la valeur : armes, fourrures, bois et fer. La peluche de Timmy était le seul objet superflu dont elle voulait bien s'encombrer. Quand elle fut prête, Yona s'accroupit à côté de Timmy pour s'assurer qu'il était correctement couvert. Une fois satisfaite, elle l'aida à passer son sac sur ses épaules et lui pris la main. -Allons manger. Il y a de la viande. Ils dépecèrent le renard sans répugnance aucune, mais trop hâtivement. Sa fourrure serait inutilisable. Yona se jura d'être plus soigneuse la prochaine fois maintenant qu'elle comprenait (se rappelait?) le coup de main. Ils ne firent pas cuire la viande. Le feu qu'ils transportaient précautionneusement dans une bassine n'était pas assez important pour cela. Peut-être d'ailleurs n'auraient-ils jamais assez de combustible pour vraiment se chauffer et cuisiner, une fois qu'ils auraient fini de dépecer le Transperceneige. Ils apprendraient dans ce cas à vivre sans feu et sans autre chaleur que celle de leurs corps. La viande avait un goût et une odeur forte qui firent d'abord reculer Yona, mais au moins ce n'était pas de la chair humaine. Tandis que le sang coulait dans sa bouche, réchauffant ses entrailles, elle commença même à y prendre goût. C'était à des milliers de km de tout ce qu'elle avait déjà mangé dans le train. Timmy dévorait sa part avec vigueur, concentration et méthode. Combien de fois sa mère lui avait-elle dit de ne pas manger sa ration trop vite ? Quand ils eurent achevé leur repas, ils finirent de découper la chair du renard en petites parts qu'ils enveloppèrent dans un châle et accrochèrent à une roue du train. Mieux valait éviter de garder de la viande près de la grotte qu'ils avaient repéré. Yona ne voulait pas être mangée dans son sommeil. Et puis, conserver la viande ne serait jamais un problème. La décongeler et attraper des proies serait une autre histoire. Yona voulut prendre la main de Timmy pour le guider vers la grotte, mais il lui échappa et se mis à courir vers l'ouest, vers les rails que le Transperceneige avait quitté dans son agonie. Elle le suivit, silencieuse mais terrorisée à l'idée de le quitter des yeux. L'enfant s'accroupit, cilla son oreille au rail et ferma les yeux. Après un long moment, il les rouvrit et sourit à la jeune fille. -Tu les entends ?, demanda-t-il. Curieuse, Yona se pencha pour l'imiter. Le froid du métal gela son oreille mais elle n'entendit rien d'autre que le vent. Elle se redressa pour interroger Timmy du regard. -Les autres Transperceneiges, expliqua-t-il. Je les entends dans les rails. Incrédulité et excitation naquirent dans le cœur de Yona. Timmy était comme elle, un médium, comme l'avait appelé Curtis. Là où elle sentait ce qu'il y avait derrière une porte ou une colline, lui pouvait sentir l'existence de trains. Cela n'avait sans doute rien d'étonnant, il avait fait partie de la Machine. Le train faisait désormais partie de lui comme il avait fait partie du train. Maintenant qu'elle savait quoi chercher, Yona sentait elle aussi une présence au loin. Là ou Timmy percevait une carcasse de métal prise dans un mouvement perpétuel, Yona prenait conscience de l'existence de vies humaines venant à leur rencontre. Ils n'étaient pas seuls. C'était réjouissant. C'était terrifiant. Le train et sa cargaison de chair étaient encore très loin, mais il serait là dans un jour, dans deux mois, dans trois mois. Il avançait, ignorant qu'il y avait devant lui un pont brisé, des wagons éventrés en train de geler et deux enfants qui les attendaient. Soudain, Yona compris ce qu'avaient découvert Curtis et son père. Survivre ne suffisait pas. Il fallait avoir un rêve pour ne pas se laisser mourir au ralenti ou sombrer dans la folie. Curtis avait passé des années à rêver d'atteindre la Machine pour rétablir l'équilibre. Son père avait rêvé d'une explosion assez grande pour éventrer une cage de métal et de peur. Et maintenant, Yona tenait son rêve. Il leur faudrait survivre, oui, mais aussi trouver un moyen de contourner la montagne et le précipice au pont brisé dans lequel reposaient tant de wagons et de vies. Un jour prochain, il leur faudrait se tenir le long des rails pour faire signer à une autre Machine de s'arrêter à temps. Cet autre Transperceneige trouverait bien moyen de faire demi-tour et de se mettre en sécurité. Et sinon... Sinon, il fallait bien sortir du train un jour. ","Summary":" Prompt de l'Obscur Echange : Yona et la survie. Avant le film (sa vie dans le train avec son père),"},{"Movie":"Priest, 2011","Title":"Atlantean Priestess","Author":"blackfire93","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11800876","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hello everyone! I hope you all enjoy this story I couldn't get it out of my head (one of the reason's I haven't updated my other stories) so here it is. Jatyta pronounced j-tie-e-tah and Nettani pronounced net-t-ah-knee their last name is Witonackin pronounced wha-tone-ah-kin. Atlantean CHAPTER ONE \"Nettani Witonackin. Jatyta Witonackin. Having passed the age of one thousand both of you have entered your names into the list of those seeking to go on a Power Quest. Your names have been chosen. The Arch of Possibilities will choose the planet for your Quest. You have five days to prepare youselves and set your things in order. You will be expected at the Arch of Possibilites on the dawn of the 6th day.\" Said the Three Fates. Nettani and I nodded keeping our face's expressionless standing up straight and not moving our eyes from the spot we had fixed them as soon as our names had been called. However as soon as we got behind the closed and soundproof door's of our ajoined rooms we both broke into smile's and screams of excitment. \"I can't believe we got chosen at the same time!\" I screamed happily jumping around Nettani's room. \"This is so ethereal!\" Nettani screamed back as we bounced around her room and mine. Finally we started to calm down as the knowledge of what was happening finally sunk in fully. I moved to Nettani's full length mirror and stared at myself knowing that in five day's I would no longer be me. I took in my turquoise hair that gradually grew into a dark navy blue with it's streaks of gold and silver that was in dozen's of braids right now. I gently touched my pointed ears, and memorized my carmel colored skin with it's silver, black and violet ruins. My azure eyes flecked with gold, stared back at me as I traced the small scar that runs from the center of my chin onto my full bottom lip. Lastly I resolved to walk around and memorize the way things looked from my height of 6 feet. Nettani seemed to realize what I was doing and she came over and stood next to me infront of the mirror. I looked at her, making sure to memorize her features just as I had done to my own features, in five day's timing we would no longer be ourselves. And if we messed up we might never be our trueselves ever again. Her hair flowed down past her thighs it's started out dark green which changed to light green which grew white towards the tips. She had pointed ears like mine and carmel colored skin with several turquoise and white ruins. Emearld green eyes with flecks of gold and standing at 5 feet nine inches tall, she was one of the most beautiful woman on Atlantis. We stared at each other feeling both incredibaly happy and scared at the same time. \"If one or neither of us complete the Quest...' Nettani started to say, 'It doesn't matter we will kill our assimilated creatures at the same time, either way.\" I replied. Nettani nodded and we smiled at each other before there was a buzz telling us someone was at Nettani's door. I got up and headed for my room, \"You can stay Jatyta.\" Nettani said as she got up to open the door. I turned towards her with a smile, \"Nah. Their your parents and they will want time alone with you. Dad will come see me after I'm sure.\" I said. Nettani nodded in recongnition of that statement and I went into my room, shutting the door that ajoined Nettani's room with mine allowing them privacy. The five day's passed quickly as I wrote out who got what of my things if I didn't come back from the Power Quest. It was just a formaility we would have to hand it into the King before we stepped through the Arch so I decided to prepare it instead of putting it off. After I finished writting it I didn't really have anything else I needed to do so I decided to explore Atlantis as far as I could so I would have memories to tide me over. Soon the dawn of the 6th day came and we were dressed in the white Ceramony dresses, our hair was combed and left free. We weren't allowed to take anything from Atlantis with us except for our weapons which we choose before we left so we were left bare of anything else. \"Nettani Witonackin. Approach the table of the Un-named and choose your weapon.\" Said Tekaniesias (Tea-khan-i-e-sigh-es) King of Atlantis. Nettani walked up to the table and chose her weapon, a spear made of the bone of a Laviathan and inlaid with precious jewels. After she chose her weapon she walked over to stand on the left side of the Arch of Possibilites. Then it was my turn. \"Jatyta Witonackin. Approach the table of the Un-named and choose your weapon.\" I walked up to the table and looked over the large spread of weapons before I felt the connection to a certain pair of weapons. Twin swords made from the bone of a Leviathan and inset with mirror pieces so I could see around me at all angles in a fight. \"Nettani Witonackin. Jatyta Witonackin. As soon as you step into the Arch you will be transported to an unknown place next to two creatures that are dying. You will have one hundred and twenty-three years to complete the Power Quest. If you have not completed the Quest or killed the other's assimilated creature you will be stuck on that planet for the rest of your existance. May you both complete your Quest successfully.\" King Tekaniesias said. Nettani and I both bowed to the King and offered him our scrolls which had our wishes for all our possessions in them. He accepted them and we bowed to each other before turning and entering the Arch of Possibilites at the same time. There was a blinding white light that caused me to want to close my eyes as tight as possible but I knew I had to keep them open I didn't know what would be happening wherever we were sent and I didn't want to risk getting injuried right off the bat. That's why I assimilated first. My sister, Nettani assimilated seconds afterwards. The first bit of knowledge I got was that the planet was called Earth, her name was Kita, she was a Priestess, she was dying and she had just mortally wounded the Vampire Queen, her enemy. \"Oh no!\" Was all I could say as I ran as fast as I could away from my sister and within minutes I was fully assimilated into the human Priestess Kita and my beloved older sister Nettani was now the Vampire Queen and my enemy. It took me two years to be able to push past the human Kita's memories and thoughts and remember who I really was. Then I walked from place to place until I enetered New York City. I partied everyday, not many people knew that I was a Priestess since I was once of the first group the church sent out. However after ten years of dancing, singing and drinking I knew I had to go out and start fighting the vampires. The Kita in me insisted on it. After the spending the next forty six years going from place to place and making my stay time shorter and shorter as I was no longer welcomed and people began to look at me with fear and anger so I never stayed in one place longer then a few days' at most and I kept traveling by myself. Then 72 years later my life changed when I met Hicks, Lucy, Priest and Priestess in a small abandonded town while they were surrounded by vampires. I heard a female voice screaming in fear and without a second thought I lept into action. Cutting my way through the vampires I reached the girl just in time to kill the vampire before it bit her. \"Here use this.\" I said shoving Nettani's spear (which I had grabbed all those years ago before I bolted out of the hive) into her hands. \"My dad, boyfriend and friend are around here somewhere. We need to find them and help them!\" She hollered at me as she shoved the spear at a vampire that got to close to her. \"First take a deep breath, second tell me your name, holler their names and let them know your alive and safe tell them to holler back so we can find them. My name is Kita by the way.\" I said trying to keep her calm. \"My name is Lucy. Dad! Hicks! Priestess! I'm safe there's another Priestess here and she's helping me. Can you holler so we can find yous?\" Lucy hollered out. Three other voices hollered back, two male and one female and we found them and got in a small circle around Lucy since she obviously didn't know how to weild a spear. After almost all of the vampires were killed and the rest had run away because the sun was coming up, we introduced ourselves to each other and seeing as how we all had the goal of finding the Vampire Queen we decided to travel together.[Chapter 2] Hello again! Don't forget Jatyta is pronounced j-tie-e-tah and Nettani is pronounced net-t-ah-knee. Atlantean speach I DO NOT OWN ANY OF THE SONGS I USED IN THIS FANFICTION! CHAPTER TWO I took in a deep breath through my nose and let it out slowly through my mouth as I stretched my body, going through many differant stretches to keep my body limber. As I continued to stretch I felt to pairs of eyes watching me, \"You two can join in if you wish.\" I said with facing away from them with a smirk on my face. I knew the only one who would ever consider stretching or in fact getting close to me at all in a vunerable position would be Lucy. And I knew neither of the two watchers were her since she would have spoken up and made noise while she walked up to me. Silence was all that greeted me but I wasn't bothered by it and just continued to stretch. \"Well pulling out their respective cactus's will be fun.\" I inwardly muttered. THREE WEEKS LATER: Priest, Priestess, Hicks and Lucy has somewhat gotten use to me and all my strangeness after three weeks of traveling together. I'm a pretty open person but I never talked about my past and not knowing to much about me had both of the guy's and Priestess on a slight edge. Hicks sometimes asked me about my past and I usually managed to deflect the question but sometimes I just didn't answer. Lucy and I got along, she reminded me of Nettani in someways and I couldn't help but feel as though she was the reason that I had really decided to stay with the group. Because somewhere in my head I didn't want to leave her like I had had to leave Nettani all those years ago. I shook my head to get rid of my thoughts and set up the solar power charger for my bike since we had stopped for the night. I saw the three other bikes were already charging and realized I must have been in deep thought for a while. \"Stay focused! Remember there's only three years left for you to complete your quest and find Nettani.\" I muttered to myself in my home language. \"What language is that?\" Priest's deep voice asked from behind me, \"It's the language of my homeland.\" I replied, cursing myself for not being more careful. No one on Earth was suppose to know anything about the real me and at the rate I was messing up the four people I was traveling with now were going to know a lot more then they should. \"Where is your home?\" Priest asked. \"Somewhere far away, yet, close to me now. Kind of like you handsome.\" I replied with a grin and a wink knowing that would cause him to back off a little. I didn't want Priest to get to close to me, everytime he did my stomach felt like it was full of tiny fish swimming and my heart started to race. I saw Priest's face fall from it's 'expressionless' self into a true expressionless face and I knew I had upset him in someway. He walked away then and I walked away deciding to make a perimeter around where we were camping for the night. Once I was sure I was alone I let out a shaky sigh that I had been holding back from when I had flirted with Priest. At least that's what the Kita in my head called my actions, I called it joking around with someone who is way to serious, in fact Priest and Priestess reminded me of the adults back at home. They were always serious and expressionless. \"I wonder what dad's doing right now?\" I thought feeling a bit homesick. I soon shrugged off the feeling and once I made sure I was alone, after establishing and double checking the perimeter, I found a nice flat piece of land and flopped down onto it. I let my body fall backwards, causing dust to poof up around me. I laid my head back using my left arm as a pillow and stared up at the stars that were steadily becoming more visible. They seemed to be twinkling like someone was up there twirling the heavens like a woman twirling around in a dress. I smiled at that thought before confronting myself on my earlier actions with Priest. \"Now he's probably going to avoid me for the rest of this trip.\" I thought feeling slightly angry at myself at the thought that he wouldn't talk to me anymore. \"Oh well I shouldn't be worrying about him or his feelings or lack of feelings about me anyway.\" I thought morosely. I let out a deep sigh as I laid still, I could hear Lucy excitedly tell her dad about some of the new move's that I had taught her. I heard Hick's interject every once in a while and smirked when at one point Lucy asked him to be the vampire so she could show her dad the newest move she had learned. \"Don't go easy on him hun.\" I thought with an evil grin. When I heard a thump and Hick's gasping for breath I let out a soft chuckle. \"Good girl.\" About an hour later everyone quieted down and I figured they were all asleep now so it would be okay to express my feelings in the one way I had found that worked for me in this human form, singing. I chose the song ( \"Flashlight\" by Jessie J) it made me think of my sister Nettani, she was like my flashlight and I was determined to find her within the next three years and take her home with me. \" When tomorrow comes I'll be on my own Feeling frightened of The things that I don't know When tomorrow comes Tomorrow comes Tomorrow comes And though the road is long I look up to the sky And in the dark I found, lost hope that I won't fly And I sing along, I sing along, and I sing along I got all I need when I got you and I I look around me, and see a sweet life I'm stuck in the dark but you're my flashlight You're getting me, getting me, through the night Kick start my heart when you shine it in my eyes Can't lie, it's a sweet life Stuck in the dark but you're my flashlight You're getting me, getting me, through the night 'Cause you're my flashlight You're my flashlight, you're my flashlight Ooh I see the shadows long beneath the mountain top I'm not afraid when the rain won't stop 'Cause you light the way You light the way, You light the way I got all I need when I got you and I I look around me, and see a sweet life I'm stuck in the dark but you're my flashlight You're getting me, getting me, through the night Kick start my heart when you shine it in my eyes Can't lie, it's a sweet life Stuck in the dark but you're my flashlight You're getting me, getting me, through the night You're my flashlight, oh I got all I need when I got you and I I look around me, and see a sweet life I'm stuck in the dark but you're my flashlight You're getting me, getting me, through the night Kick start my heart when you shine it in my eyes Can't lie, it's a sweet life Stuck in the dark but you're my flashlight You're getting me, getting me through the night 'Cause you're my flashlight 'Cause you're my flashlight You're my flashlight Ooh ooh Ooh ooh Ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh Ooh oh oh You're my flashlight Light, light You're my flashlight Light light ye-yeah You're my flashlight. \" I held the last note before letting it drift away, I sighed and rolled over onto my side so my back was towards the other four, and curled myself into a ball before finally falling asleep. I felt someone approaching me from behind and reacted on instinct, I grabbed one of my ten throwing knives that I kept on my person and tossed my body towards them staying low to the ground. I used my left hand to hold up my body weight, while I held the knife in my right hand and used my feet to sweep their feet out from under them. In seconds I had setteled overtop of the person, using my body to pin them down and my left arm to hold their arms above their head while placing my knife at the base of their throat. Then I blinked my eyes opened since they were still shut from me sleeping. \"Oh hey Priest.\" I said sleepily after realizing who it was, to tired to do anything else I moved my knife away from his neck and fell back to sleep using his chest as my pillow. I was awakened later by an explosion of very colorful words in a voice that kind of sounded like Hicks only it was higher in pitch. I pouted at this interuption in my nice sleep, especially since my pillow was warm and firm yet soft and I was truly comfortable for the first time in over seventy years so I turned my head to the other side in a silent protest. I started to drift back to sleep when I heard Lucy's voice, softer then Hicks but still exclaiming something in surprise. With a small groan at the loss of anymore sleep I sat up, rubbing my sleepy eyes with the palm's of my hands before streatching while yawning. \"Morning Lu, Priest, PS, Hicks\" I said after I was done yawning.[Chapter 3] AT LONG LAST HERE IS THE FINAL CHAPTER FOR THIS FANFICTION! =) Let me know what you thought of this short story! CHAPTER THREE I stretched then slowly blinked my eyes open as I tried to shake off the sleepiness that was clinging to me still. It was only after my eyes were opened did I realize the reason for Hick's and Lucy's strange morning behavior as I stared down into the eyes of conflicted eyes of Priest in surprise from where I was sitting on his stomach. I blinked several times and then rubbed the back of my neck in embarrassment, \"Your surprisingly comfortable Priest.\" I said with a grin as I stood up before reaching down to help him up. After helping him stand up I stepped back a couple of feet and began to stretch, I was surprised to note that the sun was already up past the horizon. I hadn't slept that long in many, many years. After I stretched and they ate breakfast, which was a quieter affair then normal as they all seemed to be in shock at the sight they had seen this morning…or afternoon as it turned out to be, we all jumped on our bikes which I kindly loaded while they had been eating and we all took off. However this time we finally made it to a town before nightfall, this particular town had one hundred and forty three people who lived in it and all of us had the feeling that this town was going to be the next stop for the hungry vampires that we were chasing as there were three hives close by the town. Hick's being the law-man in the group immediately told the town Sheriff that the small town was going to be attacked the Sheriff ignored his warnings so Hicks and Lucy went through the town warning every individual they saw. Thankfully the people who lived the town were a lot smarter than their Sheriff and took our warning seriously and they all gathered together into a single building close to the center of the town and used things to cover the windows and doors so we could protect them all except the Sheriff who ignored us and stayed in his house. I took to the roof of the building as Priest and Priestess created fires at the four corners about twenty feet from the building so we could see when the vampires came. Sure enough as the sky began to darken I saw movement farther out then the human eye could see, squinting I tilted my head to further zero in on the movement. I felt my eyes widen in surprise at the sheer number of vampires that were running towards us, \"Their coming!\" I shouted down keeping my voice steady as Priest, Priestess, Lucy and Hicks took up their positions below it was decided that I would be a free agent, moving around to help as needed while the others would stay in certain positions. \"What about the Sheriff?\" Lucy asked concerned. \"He chose his fate.\" I replied coldly as I pulled out my swords. As the vampires came closer and closer I called out their positions to the four on the ground so they knew how to take care of the first wave, however the second wave was to close behind the first so I jumped down from the roof and helped, mainly Lucy and Hicks, kill every vampire that tried to get into the building we were protecting. The fight was long and we all bore wounds and the splattered black blood that belonged to the vampires. Instincts told me to get to the roof of the building so I quickly beheaded the one coming at me before jumping up to the roof. Using vampires that were currently mid-air as stepping stones as I sliced them up while pushing off of their bodies and within seconds I landed on-top of the roof. Running to the opposite side while keeping my eyes open I got there just in time to catch a vampire who was trying to jump over from the roof of another building. Seeing as how they were getting smarter, I let loose on my control and got more violent. I heard my blades singing their song of death as I twirled them and danced around with the disgusting vampires who tried to swarm me. One snapped at me, however I was already out of its reach and beheaded it with a beautiful single stroke that I continued out and then brought down in a horizontal line that split the stomach of another one opened causing its insides to fall out. My thought process was singular and repetitive, \"Keep the building safe.\" Time was meaningless to me as I enjoyed the feeling of slicing through the growling bodies that charged towards me continuously. I could feel my lips pulled back baring all of my teeth in a feral smile of enjoyment as slick black blood flecked up and landed on my face as it sprayed from the headless body that fell and was quickly replaced with two more. I twirled my blades in my hands, feeling at ease with the light burning feeling that was starting to emanate from my muscles as I hadn't used them so much for a while. A group of six vampires circled me and charged me, laughing I jumped up just as they landed where I had been while in the air I twirled my body so I was coming down head first. Holding one sword out as I spun while gravity pulled me down I used the other one to cut the soft bodies apart. I paused when I realized there were no more coming at me and surveyed my surroundings only to find the beginning rays of the sun to be coming over the horizon and starting to light up the world. Pursing my lips sadly, I twirled my swords again before flicking them to get most of the black blood off before taking off and jumping down off the roof landing in a crouch with ease I stood up and tossed the sword in my left hand into my right hand and ran my left hand through my hair which had fallen out of its messy bun. It was down to my waist as I had left it alone for several years, sighing in annoyance as I found pieces of vampire in it I grabbed one of my clean daggers and after setting my swords down by feet, I wanted to clean them before I put them away, I grabbed my hair and raised it over my head. With a single clean cut across I cut it off so it fell in layers down my head the last layer laying an inch above my shoulders. With that gone I tossed my useless hair to the ground and picked my swords back up and went to find the others. As we re-grouped and made sure none of us had suffered any major wounds we began to remove the vampire's bodies that were littering the desert ground in front of the door so the people could get out. It took us several minutes as I had cut some arms and legs off along with the numerable heads and split in half bodies that were already beginning to burn in the sunlight. Finally we removed the last one and I pounded on the door and hollered to let them know that they were safe and the sun was up so they could come out. With that I went back in the direction we had left our bikes intent on cleaning my swords and putting them away then possibly finding enough water to take a shower as I was covered with dust, sweat and black blood of the dead vampires. Upon reaching our bikes I pulled out my sword cleaning kit and began to lovingly caress my swords and free them from the grime that was coating them. I had just finished cleaning them and put them in their sheaths on my back when Priest came up to me. I honestly didn't think that he would say anything however he surprised me by speaking up, \"How long have you been a priestess?\" He asked his deep blue eyes piercing me as though looking at my soul. I tilted my head to the side eyeing him for a moment before I pushed myself up off of the ground wiping of my butt to get rid of the dirt while keeping eye contact. \"For several years now.\" I said with a straight face. I saw the slightest movement around his left eyebrow and felt my lips twitch as I realized that I had just made him move a facial muscle that he probably hadn't move in at least ten years. \"Do you think they would let me take a bath in one of their houses?\" I asked nodding towards the town we had saved, not really expecting an answer so I was surprised when I heard him say, \"Probably. You are the main reason they are safe.\" I raised my eyebrow and turned slightly towards him, \"We all contributed to their survival of the night.\" I stated firmly before walking towards the town and asking the first person I saw if I could take bath. As it turned out she was the daughter of a clothing merchant and had a ton of half-finished clothes and materials that she willingly let me make use of as I waited for the bath tub to fill up. Not wanting to touch anything with my filthy hands I asked her if she would mind putting the material I chose as well the half-finished pants, shirt, needle and thread in the bathroom on the sink counter so I could sew everything after I was cleaned. She happily agreed and took up the material and needle and thread and placed it on the sink counter and after making sure I had two towels to dry off with she left me alone in the bathroom. I didn't stay in the bath for long as I hurried to scrub all the grime and blood off of me not wanting to stay in the water that was now filthy. I pulled the plug in the tub letting it drain while I dried myself off a bit before wrapping the towel around me and then moving to the counter and picking up the half-finished shirt only then realizing I didn't have a clean place to lay out the material I decided to leave the bathroom as the only other person in the house was that women. Carrying the material needle and thread out of the bathroom I went into the room nearest the bathroom and found a dresser that I could lay the clothes out on I placed the shirt on the dresser and put everything else on a near-by chair. Twenty minutes later I pulled on the finished product a black tank-top with a silver jean crop-top button up over it and a pair of long black spandex pants with a black layered elastic material miniskirt over the pants. And to finish off the outfit a pair of black waterproof combat boots that I pulled out of a very dusty and old box that had been shoved into one of the corners of the room. Finally ready I walked down the stairs pausing for a second as I caught sight of myself in a mirror right beside the steps. For a second I stared at the familiar face and figure that even now I felt slightly out of place in before shaking it off and walking down the stairs and out the door back to the bikes. It took several more weeks of travel before we finally came across the reason that the vampires were able too appear and terrorize villages and disappear before the sun came out when there were no near by caves. It was a human male who was also a vampire. When I came to that knowledge I felt sick in my stomach but was hopeful that my sister had nothing to do with it. However all of my hope was lost when Lucy told me about the man and how he had kidnapped her. When I remarked about the symbol on his forehead and how it looked like he had been marked by the church as well Priest told me that he had. And I knew then, my sister had created the hybrid. Lost in sorrow at this knowledge I became quiet and withdrawn as we continued forward towards my sister, the Vampire Queen. By creating the hybrid she had crossed over the line, if anyone at home learned of this she would be cast out into a dying planet as punishment for being mentally weak enough to succumb to such a thing. I knew I had to do something, I could not let her be sent home only to die. There and then I made a decision one that I would never go back on. As more day's passed by and turned into weeks I slowly began to grow closer to Priest as I had him train with me daily. I wanted to know how he moved so I knew what he was going to do by what actions he made so I could get between him and my sister. I was going to try Priestess next but she refused to have anything to do with me so I settled for watching her while we killed all the vampires we came across and any familiars who attacked us. I also continued my training with Lucy who easily surpassed Hicks and was now about the same level as Priestess and Priest. Then one night while training close combat away from the others with Priest something happened that I did not expect. We kissed. Afterwards we said nothing about it but it continued to happen while we were away from the others and sometimes when we were near the others but out of their current sight. We said nothing of what was happening and we acted no differently around the others but I think Priestess might have suspected. That's probably why when we finally found the cave with the Vampire Queen and about two hundred vampires including the hybrid she paired herself up with me and then halfway through our sweep of the first cavern she abandoned me. Caught between wanting to smack Priestess or roll my eyes at her jealous stupidity which had dictated her actions I froze hearing a faint noise from deeper in the cavern. As silently as I could I made my way forward continuing past the first cavern and into a large tunnel that led into a second cavern. Reaching the second cavern my eyes landed on the Vampire Queen, I crouched and watched waiting for my chance to get her alone which happened sooner then I had thought it would as what looked like two hundred vampires including the hybrid left the large cavern and headed out to where the others were coming in. She snarled at me, saliva dripping from her fangs as she stood to her full height and when I didn't receive an answer from her other than that, tears blurred my vision before escaping and trailing down my face. \"I will send you home sister, I promise you will be yourself again soon.\" I promised her in the language of our homeland and for a second her entire presence seemed to resonate with longing and peace and then that moment was over and she was charging towards me. I fought her keeping myself between her and the open cave that led into the first cavern where I could hear the others fighting the vampires and the hybrid. Two hours of fighting it took but finally I managed to mortally wound the Vampire Queen with my swords just as she used her talons to stab me in the stomach. I fell to the ground as large gust of wind blew me backwards away from the fallen Vampire Queen. I winced a bit but managed to smile with my whole heart and face as I stared up into the over-flowing eyes of my sister wearing the long white dress and back in her physical body, looking just as she had when we had been sent here almost 123 years ago. Reaching up I cupped her face gently with my palm, ignoring the blood I was smearing onto her face as I struggled to speak, \"You tell them it was me.\" I said, making sure she knew I was serious, her eyes widened and she began to shake her head, \"NO! They will abandon you here and you will never be whole again!\" She cried. I smiled softly feeling the life draining out of me, \"Tani, I was never going to go back. I found him..here.\" I said softly turning my gaze towards the soul mate that I would never get to have as Priest and the others ran into the large cavern before stopping in shock at the sight of me and Nettani who was kneeling beside me. \"But! But that's even more reason-…\" Nettani's voice trailed off as she saw me shake my head as much as I could in a negative manner my hand sliding a bit off of her face as I began to grow too weak to hold it up. \"He doesn't know and I'm not going to tell him, he deserve's a happy life and I can feel mine ending… take care of.. our dad and shower love…on our… younger siblings and….be..happy.\" I said my voice starting to falter as my eyes grew heavy and feeling slipped away from my body. I felt like I was floating in the middle of a warm pool, peace enveloped me from all sides as I sunk further and further into the darkness. I could feel myself growing cold and I knew this was the end I was going to die when out of nowhere a sharp pain stabbed me in the chest causing me to cry out as the peace and warmth vanished and I was jerked back out of the blackness and into a sharp piercing light that surrounded me. The body of the Priestess Kita burned away and my spirit was back into my original body. I looked down at my caramel toned skin with the silver, black and violet ruins that were generously placed all over my arms and back and stomach as well as my legs. Reaching up I gently touched my pointed ears before reaching up and pulling my hair over my shoulder taking in my turquoise hair that gradually grew into a dark navy blue with its streaks of gold and silver that was in dozens of braids. Letting my hair fall back over my shoulder I reached up and traced the small scar that runs from the center of my chin onto my full bottom lip. Hearing gasps from behind me I twirled around, crouching slightly as I felt the ground beneath me for a weapon as I gazed at the threat that was now infront of me. Tilting my head I took in the strange pale creatures that were infront of me. They appeared as confused as I did however the oldest female seemed smug and the oldest male seemed to be fighting himself. Seeing that they didn't appear to be a threat I looked around the place I was currently standing. Confused and disoriented until my eyes landed on my sister Nettani who was holding her spear it's tip bloody and everything came back to me. \"Nettani!\" I cried in our native language holding my arms open as I ran towards her, \"Jatyta!\" Nettani called back dropping her spear and running towards me, we met in the middle and embraced each other. \"Where's Kita?!\" Lucy demanded her voice causing Nettani and I to pull apart. Turning towards Lucy I stepped forward, \"Lucy, Kita was me. I am Jatyta Witonackin from the planet Atlantis, this is my older sister Nettani. I apologize for the deception.\" I replied the human language feeling odd coming from my mouth as it did not have the same musical tone's as my native language. \"What are you talking about? Your as tall as Priest, Kita was shorter then him. Your ears are pointed, Kita had normal human ears, Kita was in short a human and you are not!\" Hicks said causing me to roll my eyes while I crossed my arms a move that I had used in my Kita form many times. \"Well done Hicks. Clearly I'm not human. Care to state another obvious fact for the others?\" I asked dryly in annoyance. Nettani was confused as her being the Vampire Queen hadn't given her the opportunity to learn English and asked me what I was saying. Turning my head slightly I was going to start telling her what we were saying when Priest's voice caught my attention, \"Kita?\" Turning towards him I tensed a bit unsure of how he was going to react, \"I was her, yes.\" I replied watching to see how he would respond to my words. I was unsure how to feel as Priest took a step forward and paused before he began walking towards me. He stopped a foot away from me and we stared at each other for a few moments before he said something softly, so softly that if I had been human I wouldn't have heard what he said. \"Alec?\" I said at the same time he said, \"Jatyta?\" A purple mist enveloped both of us and the world around us disappeared from view as we stared at each other and then the purple mist was gone and on the back of each of our left hands the ruin for 'love' that I had only seen on very few people back home as it was rare to find your soulmate, sat. Stunned we stared at each other and then back at our left hands, an idea popped into my head and I held my left hand up palm out towards Alec, better known as Priest, who did the same. As soon as our hands touched it was like Alec's entire life poured into my head and I knew the same was true for him. Journal, After the completion of the soul-bond between Alec and me, Priestess in a fit of rage jumped at me with her daggers in hand and to all of our surprise's Lucy defended me and got the better of Priestess with a move I hadn't taught her but had used around her before. After that both Nettani and I were called to go back home, I however refused to and Nettani refused to as well knowing that to go back home would be to walk to her death. We have been living on Earth as ourselves for two years now and Nettani has picked up the English language very fast and has to everyone's surprise found her own soul-mate in the hybrid she had created as the Vampire Queen. Needless to say it took some getting used to. Lucy and Hicks broke up and Lucy found a man named Lin who was a perfect fit for her. They have now married. Priestess left us and went back to the city, none of us have heard from her since, Hicks left as well but on good terms with Lucy and all of us and he sometimes visits. All three of us, Alec and myself, Nettani and Cain (whom had been known as Black Hat before he told Nettani his name) and Lucy and Lin, live in a large compound that we made on the edge of a cliff face as Nettani and I can manipulate the elements we made three separate homes that all join together in the center and we have a large garden growing deep inside the bowels of a now extinct volcano. Sometimes when we ride out Nettani and I will create small oasis for creatures and humans alike and more and more people have started to live outside of the walled cities as the Alec bringing a vampires head before the congregation of a church and Monsignor Orelas convinced people that the church had been lying to them for a long time. Right now however myself, Nettani and Lucy all have a surprise that we are hiding from the men as they leave today on a four day journey to exchange food for clothing material we need. But I can tell you journal, the three of us are pregnant! I can't wait to see the look on Alec's face when I tell him! Our family is expanding and I couldn't be happier. Sometimes I miss Atlantis and my family and friends from there but I wouldn't leave Earth and my new family for the universe. ~THE END~ ","Summary":" Hello everyone! I hope you all enjoy this story I couldn't get it out of my head (one of the reason"},{"Movie":"Snowpiercer","Title":"So It Goes","Author":"AMKelley","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10877263","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Curtis doesn't blink when he makes his decision. Curtis spares one last look at Mason trying, in vain, to crawl away with a knife stuck in her leg before turning back towards the man threatening to gig Edgar with a sharp blade. The look in Edgar's eyes are hurt and confused for a moment, daring to spill over with tears. There was only a split second for him to make a choice and he didn't hesitate to follow through on his heart's instinct rather than his gut. Curtis wastes no time in charging through the mob of people breaking out in tiny acts of war in order to get to Edgar. Curtis is pushed back further into the crowd, further away from Edgar, but he fights against the mob surging in different directions. Edgar puts up a fight of his own and attempts to break free from the villain's grip but is roughly pulled back. The man restraining Edgar lifts the blade and proceeds to bring it down until it pierces right through the side of Edgar's ribcage before Curtis can even reach him, smiling as he does. Edgar chokes out a wail of agony as the knife is twisted inside him, crying out Curtis' name even though they both know it's too late. Edgar's eyes twinkle with tears, glazing over slightly, and gives Curtis a pleading look just before he collapses to the ground. The cries and yells and screams around Curtis seem to drown out to a muffled hiss, leaving him shell shocked as he takes a running charge towards Edgar's murderer. Curtis lunges forward, jumping the rest of the distance to tackle the murderer to the bloody floor of the rattling train. The other man stabs Curtis deep in the sternum with his blade before pulling it out to stab again. Despite the pain, Curtis struggles to break the man's grip on the handle. Grabbing the man by the wrist, Curtis smashes his hand into the ground repeatedly until the knife is knocked from from his grasp. It clatters off to the side, close enough for Curtis to grab it and use it on his foe, but he doesn't bother with it. This is far too personal for Curtis, which is why he proceeds to pummel the man into the ground with his bare fists even as he claws at Curtis' face. Curtis beats the man to a pulp, punching him over and over again until his hands are bruised, bloody, and broken just like his foe's face. The other man's face is beaten inward to the point where fragments of cracked skull are starting to pierce through the flesh of his face but it doesn't deter Curtis. He continues to hit him even after he stops kicking, or moving for that matter, as the war around him rages on. Curtis only stops when he hears a faint whimper off to the side of him. Edgar . He clambers off of the motionless body and remembers to breathe as he crawls over towards Edgar, letting the blood from his wound mingle with the pre existing stains on the floor. He collects Edgar up in his arms and flounders to drag Edgar and himself off to the side as far away from all the blood and dead bodies as possible as everyone drops like flies. No one around them seems to notice or care about their predicament, too caught up with trying not to die themselves. Curtis backs them up against the wall just underneath one of the windows and pulls Edgar halfway onto his lap to rest in his arms. He caresses the side of Edgar's face with a bloody hand, smearing red in his wake that stains the younger man's paling cheeks. Edgar stares up into Curtis' eyes, crying when he realizes the sacrifice his friend has made just for him . Curtis can see the blood draining out of Edgar's face just as he's sure Edgar can see the blood trickling out of his chest. They are both slowly bleeding out, becoming weaker, waiting to succumb from their wounds as their revolution crumbles down around them. \"What've you done?\" asks Edgar weakly, coughing past the blood in his throat. \"I couldn't leave you,\" Curtis says, cradling Edgar in his arms. \"You fooking moron, Curtis,\" Edgar curses, caught between a weak laugh and tears that singe his face. \"Why'd you do that?\" \"Because I love you,\" Curtis tells him ardently, all choked up from pain. Both physical and emotional. \"What's the point in fighting for a future that doesn't include you?\" \"Fooking idiot...\" Edgar gasps, convulsing in Curtis' arms as his body goes into a small fit. He knows Edgar doesn't mean it. Edgar is only saying these things because the pain is almost too much to bare coupled with the fact that Curtis chose his life over the rest of everyone else's. Curtis waited eighteen years for this moment, to rise against Wilford and his rules, only to have a change of heart all because he can't stand facing the future without Edgar. Because he was in love. Curtis cradles Edgar's face in his bloody hands and bends down as much as he can to plant one last kiss on his lips, making every little movement and second count. He pulls away from Edgar to see the light behind his blue irises dim, fading slowly as the life leaves him one agonizing breath at a time. Tears run down Curtis' blood speckled face and drop off to splatter on Edgar's \"I'm so scared, Curtis...\" Edgar cries, gasping for air until his face and body becomes slack. \"I'm scared...\" Edgar's body goes boneless and his head drops back against Curtis' lap, lolling off to one side as his pupils dilate. Curtis shakes his head, not wanting to accept the fact that Edgar has died from blood loss. His tears fall down on Edgar's blood smeared face to wash away the crimson stains as Curtis sobs openly. The killing and dying around him doesn't even exist at this point. \"No, no... Don't do this to me...\" Curtis sobs pathetically, shaking Edgar's unmoving form as he rocks back and forth, trying to rouse him awake. \"Please wake up now...\" He knows Edgar can't respond to this but Curtis still tries even if it is in vain. He takes his last remaining strength to hoist Edgar up in his arms and place him fully onto his lap so he can hug Edgar's limp body to his blood soaked chest. Curtis murmurs endearments and love into Edgar's lifeless ear, knowing that he will never hear Edgar laugh or make those funny noises whenever Curtis kissed his neck or see him smile again. To hell with the revolution , Curtis thought. Edgar was the only thing that ever mattered to Curtis and now, he can make the sacrifice he couldn't make seventeen years ago. Edgar's body starts to sag down slightly, but Curtis holds onto him as the strength to do so slips away from him entirely. Curtis looks up, blinking through his tunnel vision to see Grey and Tanya and everyone else slash and hack away as their numbers slowly dwindle down. Curtis catches Grey's eye for a split second, noting the look of horror he finds in them, before his head slumps down. Curtis' vision dims with the image of Edgar burned into his eyes as he fades into a state of unconsciousness. And neither of them wake up. Or so it goes... ","Summary":" Curtis doesn't blink when he makes his decision. Curtis spares one last look at Mason trying, in va"},{"Movie":"Snowpiercer","Title":"Sapphires in the Snow","Author":"CHIBI-CRAZY","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13149104","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The first sign that the CW-7 was a mistake came when the Marks started disappearing. Nearly everyone on the planet had one. The first clear thoughts a person's soulmate had of them, in their handwriting, somewhere on his or her body. Not just a few, but millions of people who had yet to meet their soulmate reporting that their Marks were suddenly turning grey or fading altogether. The future was no longer a certainty. Humanity panicked, and he got on that fucking train. The Marks start out black and are supposed to turn gold when the soulmates' eyes meet and the bond first takes hold. Curtis remembers asking his mother once how he was supposed to know the moment his soulmate thought the words wrapped around his left wrist. Her face was long gone from his memory but he knows she smiled at him. \"You'll know,\" she answered as she tucked him into bed. Well he still doesn't know, Curtis mused as he lay on his cot, and he was one of the very few people who still had a Mark. Most of them were couples already together when they boarded, one pair met on the train, he was the only one with a solid black Mark. Gilliam was the only one who knew. Curtis always kept the sleeve of that arm pulled all the way down. His soulmate was still alive, but he's met everyone in the tail section - an easy feat considering they lived on top of one another. He still didn't know who was supposed to like his eyes so much, and he never would. Not from the Tail. It finally happened! She thought, staring down through the binoculars at the literal train-wreck that had come barreling out of the tunnel. It always came around this time of year, like clockwork. It's how everyone who lived in the mountain marked the come of a new year. It was a shock to her that she and her brother survived the world literally freezing over. He called it luck, she called it Fate. They'd been visiting her brother's pen pal in Russia when the cold started to set in and people went batshit. Sasha's people were used to cold, they knew how to survive the extremes. A colony's worth of people fled to the mountains, following the animals into a system of caves that led deep underground, far from the worst of the cold. Sasha, her brother, and herself were among them. They had heard about the Train before the freeze, but as far from home as they were, there was no way they'd make it back in time. Over time, they heard it passing above them - near as anyone can tell - once a year on the same day. In the last few years as the cold began to abate, they were slowly let outside. She and her brother were part of one of the colony's hunting parties, and they got to see the train when it came around now. The Elders - who were really only in their late 60's at most, but were ancient compared to the other colonists who'd mostly been adolescents when they escaped - never believed the train was eternal like they were told. It's part of why they planned to flee to the mountains in the first place. She heeded their words, knowing the winds and blizzards were constantly altering the terrain surrounding the tracks. She just didn't think it would happen in her lifetime. Now here she was, with Aldrich and her brother, making the trek down to the crash site. There was a voice coming from the front car - the engine. \"...he's alive ! He's-Curtis, you need to wake up!\" It was female and young. A child ? Her brother dropped the pack he was carrying and rushed into the opening, Aldrich shouting a curt \"Stay here,\" to her before following. Keeping an eye out, she saw the polar bear they'd been tracking up on the ridge they just climbed down. \"Damn...\" the fresh meat would be missed, but it wasn't a priority anymore. The train. There was supposed to be food on it, supplies for the people. People... Her arm twitched, but she refused to check, to seek out the black lettering that curved around her wrist. The Mark she was born with: So this is what she meant Her brother had nearly sobbed in relief when, after the first reports came in, her Mark didn't fade. He took it as a guarantee that she would survive this frozen apocalypse. She rebutted that he would too, 'cause she planned on sticking to him like glue. At that point in time, her only concern was for their little family of two. They had lost everything but each other through the years, and her brother had sacrificed so much to give her a comfortable life. She didn't wanna think about making it out the other side without her best friend by her. Once the colony had settled, and she'd met each survivor that'd made the trip, she let herself think of the black Mark she still had. They evaded the frost and certain death by going underground. The train wasn't the only escape. Others could have found shelter, maybe some made it south of the equator where snow had yet to fall when the cold peaked. But those are uncertainties, the train was a guarantee. Aldrich appeared from the crude opening in the cart. \"Send up a single flare then get your brother's med bag ready.\" \"A flare!?\" Those were only a precious few and for emergencies only. \"Why not a smoke sign-\" \"No time!\" he cut her off. \"The guy's bleeding out. You'll need to help with him while I'm calming down two hysterical kids. The others will know to haul ass over here, we need to start looking for more survivors and scavenging for supplies.\" Nodding mutely, she pulled preloaded gun off her belt and shot a flare in the direction of the lookouts they kept posted. She watched the two men pull out a body dressed in black as she unpacked what she knew her brother needed. Once the stranger was laid flat in the snow, Aldrich gave them a nod and went back in for the kids. \"I'm gonna pack the wound with snow,\" She swallowed, just noticing the man's empty sleeve and the red snow. \"I need you to keep him still. Talk him down if he comes to freaking out.\" Her brother's face was grim. \"It's not a clean break and I need to be sure no bone fragments are gonna be an issue.\" Nodding at him from across the man's torso, she moved positions. Her hands were braced on his right arm and over his chest, and she straddled his torso to keep him from arching up. He jerked when the first handful of snow was pressed against his bleeding stump, cold air wheezing into his lungs. His eyes opened looking around wildly and unfocused, distracting her momentarily as he almost bucked her off. Those are the prettiest eyes I've ever seen, She thought, righting herself again. He stilled beneath her, his eyes focusing when they landed on her. His heart, she could feel it under her palm, skipped. She felt a tingle in the back of her mind as she looked down at him. There was recognition on his face, and she too felt a sense of familiarity looking him over. She knew though, without a doubt, she had never seen this man before in her life. She'd remember eyes that blue. \"Don't move,\" she soothed, \"We need to stop the bleeding to check it over. If any pieces of bone splinter off from the break you don't want the wound to heal over them.\" Maybe it was the wrong thing to say because those beautiful eyes filled with tears. Sobs started shaking his body. She could make out his murmuring between them but didn't understand. \"What?\" \"They're gone...\" he whimpered. \"Your... my words...they.\" He swallowed, looking passed his shredded sleeve down to where her brother was still working over what remained of his arm. \"You were thinking...about my eyes..?\" he turned his gaze back to her, desperation and hope and agony mixed behind his tears. Her breath caught. The world went from eye-piercing and white to pitch black. She lost the time between staring down at him in shock and staring down at her wrist. She could feel the sting on her finger where she bit too hard while trying to get her glove off, but she ignored it in favor of watching her Mark. Like liquid gold, the new color flowed over the letters, brightening her Mark and shimmering against her skin. The cold air stung her chest as she finally took a breath. She looked desperately at her brother, who was quick to reassure her. \"It's alright, he's safe for transport. The bleeding's stopped and the bone is...mostly intact.\" He winced apologetically and offered a grim smile. \"The words are gone unless you wanna sort through the wreckage for a severed hand, but he's still got a heartbeat,\" was all he had to offer. Clearly nursing school didn't do much for his bedside manner. She slumped over her soulmate, relieved. \"You're gonna be okay. You're here . Finally.\" she was murmuring mostly to herself, but she knew he heard when he draped his good arm over her back. There was a sharp whistle behind them at the same time she heard Aldrich and his charges emerge from the train. \"Sasha and the others are here,\" her brother said to her what she already knew. \"He'll get you two and the kids back while the rest of us sort through this mess.\" She sat up, nodding and climbing off her soulmate. \"...others?\" He muttered as if just remembering that these people weren't from the train. They were from outside . Granted, realizing he wasn't dead and finding his soulmate at the same time had him a bit distracted. \"Curtis...\" one of the young ones, the girl, was staring as a group of people made their way down the mountain. They brought with them hand-made sleds and modified wagons to transport provisions and the ingured. A few had backpacks slung over their shoulders - medical supplies. \"There are people.\" Her soulmate - Curtis - looked between her and her people. His face looked ragged and tired, but his blue eyes were full of wonder \"...how?\" She smiled and leaned down, placing a close-lipped kiss on his mouth, and shushed him. \"I'll tell you everything - later. Right now you get to rest.\" She stroked the side of his face, careful of the wound on his temple. \"You three are safe now, we're gonna take care of you.\" He nodded slowly, eyes watery as he took another glance at the people now around them and pausing on the little boy still in Aldrich's arms. \"Okay...\" There was a smile on his face as his eyes closed, \"We're okay...\" ","Summary":" The first sign that the CW-7 was a mistake came when the Marks started disappearing. Nearly everyon"},{"Movie":"Snowpiercer","Title":"One Thousand and One","Author":"LithiumDoll","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11706271","Passage":"[Chapter 1] For : Kabal42 (Yuletide gift exchange) Thank you : minim_calibre for the beta! \"I've been cold since the day I was born,\" Timmy-Tim-now says. His breath thickens the air with white vapor even here, in his rightful place at the fire's edge. \"Because I was born on the snow.\" Yona rolls her eyes and considers both the distance to the fur-draped doorway and the wind outside. Whether stuffing snow down Tim-now's back is worth either. No. Not yet. Later. When his hunters are watching. She'll laugh harder. Rashid nods, shaven head jerking too high and then too low. \"Exactly,\" he rasps from Tim-now's side. \"Exactly, man. Exactly. I mean. Exactly .\" Yona snorts: as if he knows. Their Engineer is too old for a train baby; he is a piece of what came before. If he was born on the snow, it wasn't this snow. Maybe his mother was careless. Maybe she was brave. Rashid's twitching fingers are stained green where they aren't raw with chemical burns, and calloused with scars. So many years and there's still no shortage of Chronole in the wreckage they've made their nation. Of the few that survived the end of the world, of the ones and twos that dribbled to the front of the train, the addicts were the first to die. Some with smiles on their faces, some with knives in their throats. What's inside Rashid's head, they fight freeze and thaw to keep: he reads the stars and counts the days. From time to time, Yona crumbles Chronole under her nose and breathes deep. Mostly when she wants to remember her father. She takes the waste inside and smiles fondly, but it has no hold on her, not anymore. Her drug is curiosity. It burns without comfort; its rush is short lived. It's a family affliction and maybe one day it will kill her too. But she doesn't know it will. They call her the psychic. Out of respect they save her a space beside the eternal fire, which burns in the not-so-eternal engine's crumpled core. She isn't. Psychic. Like most of the train babies, she hears better. What she doesn't hear, she sees. But like Rashid knows the stars and Tim-now knows the snow, she knows the train: in her bones. She knows what's behind the endless, buried doors of the carriages – which are worth the energy to crack open, which are tombs to stay sealed. Day and night and even in her dreams, she follows two glinting metal tracks. Down gorges, over mounds of twisted metal, stealing little bits of life back from the remains. It keeps her busy and it keeps her warm, but this – Rashid tells them – is a New Year and so, by tradition, she must stay for the telling. The fire is warm, but it feels as though the snow has slipped under her skin; she shivers under her furs. \"A thousand and one carriages,\" Tim-now says into the waiting silence. \"It was a thousand and one, wasn't it?\" She grunts and shrugs, tucks a strand of hair behind her ear. \"Yes,\" she nods. \"Or sixty,\" she adds perversely. Tim-now's daughter – perhaps granddaughter, Rashid would know – giggles. Ebbie? Yes. Ebbie: a bundle of fur and laughter and words Yona doesn't know. Like Timmy, she is the cog that will keep them moving. \"A thousand and one,\" Tim-now insists. \"Yes,\" she relents. \"A thousand and one.\" \"Yes,\" parrots Rashid, as if he counted. \"My mother walked the whole way, from the tail to the jaws, to find me.\" Walked, stumbled, crawled and bled. She told Timmy how Tanya died, trying – failing – to reach him. How her father and the other man became a shell around them. Tim-now remembers differently. Tanya is become Ahwang Kongju, become Chungkyun Moju; become his word for many gods. Become his Min-soo, Yona admits to herself, with a wry twist of her lips. They worship their ancestors with every frostbitten breath they take; they are dutiful children, in the end. And she is long since past reminding him that Tanya was real, that she was flesh and blood and rage, and that was very nearly enough. What does it matter? There are so few of them left that perhaps faith is somehow stronger now: distilled. They could do worse than pray to a determined mother. \"Just so,\" says the old man on her left, nodding as if he reads her thoughts. He's familiar, but she doesn't know his name, or at least she didn't care to remember it. He holds one hand towards the flames, it shakes, but not with cold. He's very old, older even than her: perhaps fifty or seventy or more. The lines of his face are shadowed folds; his eyes are deep in their sockets, the pupils barely catching the firelight. They study each other frankly as the fire pops and hisses. She supposes he's waiting for a reply, but she has no words to give him. In the face of her disinterest, he smiles gently. \"Your mother was a remarkable woman,\" he says, and Yona isn't sure whether he's speaking to her, or to Tim-now. \"She never gave up.\" Tim-now stares through the old man, expression creased with the same question. He won't ask, though. He learned quickly that to be right was best, but to be sure was almost as good. For all he's proven his worth, it's hard for him, Yona knows. In the two hundred and thirteen who orbit the engine, there are older, and there are wiser, and there are stronger. But as soon as he was old enough for hair to shadow thin cheeks, for his voice to deepen, she told them she had seen that only he could keep the fire alight. Because while it is her right to tease, the truth is that the winter loves him best. The first night, the wind piled snow around the carriages like a warm blanket to cover him, and when that snow thawed it revealed the carcasses of frozen creatures, whose meat they both gnawed on until they started the fire. \"She never gave up,\" Tim-now echoes, and then focuses on Yona. \"Tell us the story?\" It's the ritual. They speak of the dead; they tell the stories they remember – bits and pieces, fact and fiction. Fantastic cities that almost no one actually remembers, fragments of their history distorting day by night by day and no one quite caring. It makes her tired and she feels herself drifting; her legs ache as if she's been climbing. \"Did you know,\" the old man says, \"that Yona means 'dove?' There's a very old story that, after a terrible flood, the dove was sent to find land. That's in Hebrew of course,\" he admits. \"Not Korean. Or Inuit.\" Perhaps seeing her expression, Tim and Rashid ignore the old man. \"Please, Yona,\" Tim-now cajoles. \"You tell the best stories.\" \"There is a snake,\" she says, fingers weaving a serpent from the shadow of the fire. \"That eats its own tail.\" Ebbie leans forward; she likes this one best. \"Why do?\" \"Because it's fucking crazy, that's why.\" A man-boy with sharp features and a half-wicked smile picks Ebbie up and seats himself in her place, pulling her onto his lap while she laughs. He rolls his eyes and shakes his head as he settles. \"Renewal my arse - it's worse than protein blocks.\" She had been about to say renewal, as usual, but to spite the boy she smirks. \" Entropy .\" She likes the taste of the word, but doesn't know where it came from. Couldn't define it if she tried. But she knows what it means; it was part of the train. Rashid blinks. \"Exactly,\" he says, uncertainly. He doesn't like change. \"Their world ended in ice,\" Yona tells Ebbie. \"Ours ended in fire. But both ended – the snake is always hungry.\" \"I hold with those who favor fire,\" the old man murmurs with a secretive smile. The boy, whose name she'll remember in a moment, shoots him a flat glare that seems made as much of pain as anger, as much of contempt as love. \"You would,\" he spits. The old man accepts the venom with a calm nod, but Yona shifts away. She doesn't like this one. This one ate the world. The boy laughs like ground glass, but his eyes are softer when he looks back. He's sharing a joke – dark as it is – and, as he rubs at his shoulder, she tentatively smiles. The corners of his eyes crinkle happily, but when he speaks his voice is stilted. Breathless. \"Nice night … for a walk,\" he manages. Automatically, she twists towards the broken, half buried tracks. The urge to stand, to follow them crawls into her throat; it makes her heart ache and her hands shake as badly as any Chronohead's. Her fingers in tight fists, she stays where she is. \"The fire is warmer,\" she lies. \"Is it?\" There's a nudge at her right side and this man – she knows this man. The scruff of beard and a dark hat jammed tightly on his head. \"Doesn't feel that warm.\" The boy's eyes harden again. \"Wondered when you'd show up.\" There's a flash of shame in the other man's expression, but he'll never say the words. The boy seems to understand. \"Knew you would, though,\" he concedes. Forgives. The smile that the bearded man returns is shy; the expression jars with wrongness that she can feel at her frozen center. This one was fire and desperation; this one burned so she and Timmy could rise. Her shoulder bumps with a third man, bare chested under an old coat, skin scrawled with – with – Wordless, intent, he holds up an arm. 'Surrender,' she recognizes. 'Die.' \"No,\" she says, scowling. Her survival was a promise to do neither. \"Of course not,\" soothes a generous-toned woman as she inches closer to the fire, slowly displacing Ebbie and the boy. \"You don't want to do that. Unless it would be the best thing, of course – would it be for the best?\" The woman's voice is cloying, not sweet; her huge eyes blink slowly behind thick lenses. \"You failed the Sacred Engine,\" she intones with somber disappointment. \"But the Engine won't fail you. You'll see. Have a bit of shut eye, you'll feel right as rain.\" Rain. Yona touches a hand to her cheek. It feels wet, but there is no rain here, not inside the core. \"Yona,\" a voice says and strong hands grip her shoulders so tightly it hurts. \"Brainless child. Wake up!\" The wind howls; the train rattles on the rails. Its motion is a relentless beat and her heart beats with it. \"You must wake,\" her father growls, his face so close to her own she can feel the stinging heat of his breath; she recoils. \"Gana's daughter. Wake up!\" Under her back the ground shudders and jolts in the rhythm of the train. \"Yona?\" Timmy is leaning over her as her eyes creak open, what weight a half-starved five year old has full across her chest. Little hands push and pull and push against her ribs as they try to replace some part gone extinct. His eyes are huge and young, and they are alone. It's that first night, she remembers. That first night, before the fire, when she'd been too long searching for food and, tiny child, he'd dragged her into the shelter of the snow. Frozen tears streak his cheeks. \"Yona, come back.\" The dream evaporates; the future fades away. All she knows, all she is sure of, is that they have one. And if she closes her eyes, just for a moment, just for a moment , the wheels still move. ","Summary":" For : Kabal42 (Yuletide gift exchange) Thank you : minim_calibre for the beta! \"I've been cold sin"},{"Movie":"Snowpiercer","Title":"Sometimes, Somehow","Author":"nepetation","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11333516","Passage":"[Chapter 1] /AN: Written for a tumblr prompt for an anon. Its suuuper short, oops ;^;/ There are a lot of things Edgar doesn't know about Curtis, many of which he would never know, but he's okay with this. He knows he would never learn everything about Curtis, not his life before the train, and not his life at the beginning. The older man always preferred to move on from the past, always moving ahead. \"We live now; forget about what was then,\" he'd say. Curtis has his secrets- stories of his past that he not only hides from Edgar, but from most others in the tail section too. Stories he pretends are are long forgotten. But this one secret is different. There's something being kept away, something he's specifically not telling Edgar and Edgar alone; somehow he just knows that. He knows that whatever it is, it hollows away until nothing but solitary guilt is left. He knows that Curtis gets quiet and serious when the days he raised Edgar comes up. He knows that sometimes he'll avoid Edgar for a full day, lining up for protein blocks in silence and climbing into his bunk without a word. Sometimes Edgar's mother comes up in late night conversations, amidst the snoring by everyone around them. What he remembers. If he misses her. Sometimes Edgar wonders if she's part of the secret. Edgar knows that Gilliam knows. He sees the knowing looks, the shared words mumbled as they pass so that he can't hear, the way he just seems to know something. And Edgar knows it shouldn't, but somehow, it hurts. Because he's always been Curtis's right-hand, and though he hadn't always been at his side, he's here now. And he's always trusted Curtis, always done what he'd been asked, from learning to sleep in his own bunk as a kid to indulging in talk about a new revolution. Curtis has always been everything to him, and maybe his affection has grown too strong, but Edgar will always be a kid to the other, young and clumsy and crash and naive and it hurts. He'll never ask; he knows not to; he learned that a long time ago, but he always wonders what it is that Curtis trusts to tell Gilliam and not himself. After all, what's a right-hand man when his leader doesn't trust him as such? /AN: I recently watched Snowpiercer and I'm ruined tbh. Magicsintheair is my beta./ ","Summary":" /AN: Written for a tumblr prompt for an anon. Its suuuper short, oops ;^;/ There are a lot of thing"},{"Movie":"Snowpiercer","Title":"Take a stand (alternate ending)","Author":"MissHyen","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11764777","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The agonized scream at the back of the train car ended abruptly and then there was silence for a few seconds. Curtis looked up waiting for the follow up sound. His expression turning sour as the sound of a newborn baby squalling filled the back of the train. \"Mazel tov.\" Edgar said sarcastically. \"Shut up Edgar.\" Curtis muttered as he pulled his beanie off and rubbed his hair. He put the hat back and threw his legs up onto the bed, laying back and closing his eyes. He hated the sounds of birth and newborns giving their first cry. It reminded him too much of the horrors and pain he endured as well as put others through in the beginning. Every time there was word of another pregnancy, he shook his head and wished people had more control of themselves rather than act like animals, rutting and fighting, crying and carrying on like savages. But it wasn't the people that sickened him, it was the situation they forced to live through. He'd witnessed people die, having sex, giving birth, but the births disturbed him the most, they made him feel haunted. He wanted to have hope for the new lives in the train car but it was hard to do in such horrible conditions. \"It's another boy.\" Tanya walked by quickly, stopping to tell Curtis and Edgar. \"I don't care, it's just another mouth to feed.\" Edgar griped. \"Shut up, Edgar.\" Curtis grumbled. \"Boy, shut your mouth. That child didn't ask for this life and neither did we.\" Tanya gave Edgar a harsh look and moved on to the front of the train car to go find Timmy, her son, who was playing with some other children. Too many new babies had been arriving lately and it haunted Curtis when he would see their large eyes looking at him as mothers walked by carrying them, or when his own wife, Sara, would babysit at their bunk for various reasons. \"Man, if Sara ever gets pregnant what are you going to do?\" \"Edgar, give it a rest.\" He felt the train rattle and shake as it lulled him to sleep. He woke up later with a slim feminine arm around his chest and a head in the crook of his arm. He moved closer to her as she cuddled in to his side, kissing his cheek. \"You okay? That was a long one.\" She asked quietly, not wanting to wake the others. \"I'm fine.\" \"It was rough, I thought we might lose Trisha and her baby for a while there.\" \"Maybe it would have been better that way.\" He immediately regretted the words knowing how Sarah would react. She leaned up and looked down at Curtis with disdain. \"Don't say that. Don't talk like that. You said yourself we need to ban together. We have to support each other so we can fight. That was a horrible thing to say.\" She turned over angrily and curled up in a ball to keep warm. He laid on his back for a second more before turning and reaching for her arm. He felt her shaking and knew she was crying into her pillow. \"I'm sorry, you're right. It's just hard to understand your happiness over that.\" \"Over what, a new life? New possibilities? They could grow up and be the ones to end this nightmare if it goes on that long.\" She turned over to her back and looked over at him. \"What if that was me. What I was the one squatting in a dirty corner, giving birth to our baby. If I had problems would you want me and the baby to die too?\" Her eyes shone with tears and Curtis swallowed the lump in his throat. \"No.\" He made sure they were extremely careful when they had sex. It was usually quick and quiet, and he always made sure to pull out and finish in one of their hands or Sarah would quickly move down and swallow his semen. He wanted to take every precaution that they never brought a child in this world or he lost Sarah in childbirth. They laid quietly for a long time, before he leaned up on one arm to look down at her. \"I'm sorry\", he said finally. \"I didn't mean to upset you.\" She wiped her eyes and looked at the wall behind him, \"I'm pregnant.\" She said quickly, her voice shaky and almost a whisper. Curtis' eye widened in fear and his hand was on her belly immediately. \"Why didn't you say anything?\" He whispered, his voice a frightened hiss. \"Because I'm scared. I've seen women die, babies die or else they're sick from lack of food. I didn't know what to say because I didn't want you to be worried. We need you and you can't afford to be thinking of me when there are so many others who need you.\" \"Well I need you!\" He said, his voice louder than he expected. He lowered it quickly when a few voices in the area murmured their complaints, \"What would I do if something happens to you. What if you leave me alone with a baby?\" \"Curtis.\" Sara said quietly, \"Let's just hope everything is okay. That's all we can do. He started to speak and stopped suddenly, letting out a hopeless sigh as he fell back onto the dirty mattress. He stared at the bottom of the top bunk, with a feeling of dread in his gut. (Seven months later) \"Okay honey, it's time to push now.\" \"I can't, I'm so tired. Just let me rest.\" \"You can do this, just a few pushes and it'll be over and you can rest.\" Curtis sat outside the of Gilliam's tent leaning against a bunk, listening to Sara and Tanya behind the curtain. Seven months after she told him she was pregnant, she had hurried back to their bunk, holding her belly, her skirt wet telling him to go get Tanya. From then on everything was a blur. Tanya had told him to wait outside and he was okay with that. He didn't know if he could handle seeing Sarah in so much pain. The hours had passed by slowly as he listened to Sara labor. Tanya, would come out with updates and then go back in. Edgar came and sat with him and then would leave, the sounds making him anxious. Gilliam came by once and patted Curtis on the back and gave him an understanding smile before heading off to the front of the car. A few other men nodded their sympathies to him as they passed by. He sat gripping his beanie as Edgar came running back almost tripping on people in the way. \"Curtis, they're coming. Mason and those bastards are coming back.\" They heard Sarah give a long moan before crying out. Both men looked at the curtain. \"You gotta keep her quiet, Mate. They're gonna hear.\" \"You don't think I know that?\" Curtis snapped as he jumped up and peeked into the room. He looked over and saw Sarah, sitting and leaning on the wall hunched over and gripping the sheets on the floor next to her, her knuckles white. Her legs were jackknife and spread enough under a sheet for Tanya to examine her. \"Sara, honey, it's time, you have to push right now.\" Tanya looked up at Sara speaking calmly and then turned and looked at Curtis, worry in her eyes. \"They're coming.\" He said with concern, staring at Sara, feeling helpless. \"Curtis, I can't do this. I'm so tired.\" She panted as she leaned her head back on the wall, her sweat soaked hair plastered to her forehead.\" Tanya looked up and motioned for Curtis. \"We need you. Right now.\" Curtis stood still for a moment taking it all in. He heard commotion in the front of the train and Edgar talking through the curtain. \"Curtis they're coming. Keep quiet.\" \"Curtis, now!\" Tanya said impatiently. He rubbed his hair through his beanie and hurried to Sarah. He knelt next front of her and brushed her hair out of her face. \"I'm here. What can I do?\" \"Curtis, I can't anymore, you were right. This is a mistake, I can't have a baby here like this.\" Sara panted, taking a deep breath and letting it out slowly. She gripped her belly and tucked her head into her chest, giving a long guttural groan. Tanya, moved some sheets and started to ease Sara up to a squatting position. Sara moved, too tired to fight her. \"Curtis, move in front and hold her. Just talk to her.\" He nodded, his eyes wide with curiosity and fear as he squatted in front of Sara and held her around her waist. He felt her hard belly against his arm and then movement inside. It switched something on in him and he looked at her, his face inches from hers. \"Sarah, look at me. You can do this.\" \"No.\" She shook her head wildly, closing her eyes. \"Yes you can. Just lean on me. Listen to Tanya and lean on me, I'm not leaving you.\" Edgar's head peeked in urgently and he frowned at the three, \"You're gonna have to shut up if you don't want anyone to come back here.\" Sara whimpered and breathed hard. Tanya looked up at Edgar, her eyes hard. \"Get out and stop scaring her and don't come back again!\" She hissed furiously before turning to Curtis, \"She has to push right now, she's been ready for a while. It has to be now.\" Curtis looked up and smiled at Sara, \"Hear that? It's almost over. Just a few more and it'll be here.\" \"I can't, my baby can't live like this.\" She started to cry, her voice barely audible from exhaustion, \"You were right, this isn't a good life for a baby.\" Curtis' jaw set as he listened to her words, he felt ashamed and angry at himself for how he had acted during her pregnancy. He was never mean to her or did anything to upset her, but his attitude was less than helpful and supportive at times. He loved her, but the fear took over. It made him almost cold until he heard her laboring in the small room, needing him. \"You can. I would never let anything happen to you both, you know that. I was wrong, this baby could make things better one day. He or she has you in him and you're a fighter. You've put up with so much and worse from me, and I'm so sorry for that.\" He stroked her hair out of her face and wiped tears away. \"You have to focus and give a big push. You can do this.\" Sara looked at him, her eyes were slightly unfocused and she had dark circles from lack of sleep. Her expression changed as she leaned into him, resting her forehead on his shoulder and bearing down hard. She gasped and took a breath as she relaxed as the contraction stopped. \"Good, Sarah, that's it. Next time you have a contraction push like that again.\" Tanya looked up from Sarah to Curtis nodding her approval. Thank you, she mouthed. Curtis held on and felt her belly harden again and he moved his forehead to hers, \"Ok honey, push. Push hard.\" Sarah cried out as she pushed again, harder this time, her body shaking from the effort. Tanya reached down and grabbed some towels next to her. \"You're doing so good. One more time.\" \"Burning!\" Sarah cried out, shuddering. Curtis looked up alarmed at Sarah's cry as Tanya she looked back with a knowing smile, \"It's just the head coming, it means your baby is almost here.\" Curtis saw her lean a little closer to Sara, leaning down, her arms reaching. \"What color hair do you think it has, Sarah?\" Tanya asked with a small laugh to distract her. \"I don't know!\" Sarah moaned as she gave a large push. She let out a harsh cry and then relaxed suddenly, taking deep panting breaths. \"Head's out.\" Tanya looked at Curtis quickly. \"Curtis, don't let her push yet, just breath.\" Curtis nodded at her and looked at Sarah. She looked up at him trying to breath slowly and he looked back, his eyes full of love and admiration. \"You're doing it. You're a badass.\" He said, holding her tighter. \"Yeah right.\" Sarah let out a short sarcastic laugh as she breathed, fighting the urge to push. \"Ok, push Sarah, one more push and you'll have your baby!\" Tanya encouraged. Sarah took a deep breath and looked up at Curtis before she gave a final push, her eyes shutting tight and her face reddening for a moment before she let out a sudden loud grunt and slumped forward with a breath of relief. He heard an angry high pitched wail as the baby made its entrance known. \"You did it, honey!\" Tanya cheered as she worked fast to cut the cord and clean the newborn before laying it in a blanket. \"Ease her back now.\" Tanya moved so Curtis could adjust Sarah against the wall and make her comfortable. Sarah watched Tanya handle the baby and looked up with a exhausted smile as Curtis kissed her temple. \"You did it. I knew you could do it.\" Tanya handed the baby to Sarah and stood up. \"I'll give you all a minute and then come back to help finish.\" She said smiling before her face changed to annoyance, \"I want to have a talk with Edgar about his mouth.\" She left the little room and Curtis sat back next to Sarah, admiring his baby solemnly, his eyes wide with curiosity. He looked up at Sarah and kissed her temple again, and she rested her head on his shoulder. \"So what did we have, daddy?\" Sarah looked up from the baby giving Curtis a weak but happy smile. He lifted the blanket a little, afraid of the baby getting cold, and a grin slowly grew on his face. He looked up at her, his eyes sparkling through tears. \"A son. We have a son.\" He said gently as he stared down in amazement at the dark brown mop of wet hair and the angry little face. He reached down to brush the baby's soft tiny fingers. \"Here, do you want to hold him?\" \"No, you worked hard, sit and rest with him. I'll get my chance.\" The baby made a mewling sound and opened it eyes for a second, showing slate blue irises and making a face before grunting and snuggling into Sarah's arm with a tiny sigh. To Curtis it looked like he gave a tiny half smile at him. \"He knows your voice.\" Sarah said softly, stroking the baby's forehead with her finger. Curtis stared down at his son and then looked up at Sarah. \"I'll get us out of this train car. You both deserve better.\" Sarah looked back at him. \"We'll have that one day. You're a strong man and we're behind you, we all need you, you're the one who took a stand. We have to think about the future for this little guy.\" Curtis looked at her, his eyes wet with tears. \"I don't know what I can do.\" \"Fight.\" She said, looking down at the baby for a moment and then back at Curtis. \"When they come back here and the others all sit down, you stand. You keep standing and show people that we don't have to be afraid anymore.\" Curtis looked at Sarah and then to the newborn sleeping peacefully. They did need him, and Sarah needed him. They all needed someone to stand for them. He would stand up. ","Summary":" The agonized scream at the back of the train car ended abruptly and then there was silence for a fe"},{"Movie":"Snowpiercer","Title":"The Shiver of Sacredness","Author":"Fox in the Stars","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10941157","Passage":"[Chapter 1] When Yona took a hit of Kronole, she felt it swell behind her eyes. When she pulled the trigger of the gun, she felt it grip below her chest. When windblown snowflakes melted on her cheeks and the white, moving, living thing looked at her, she felt it flow all through her, tingling over every inch of her skin. She knew why her father had given her Kronole. How else, on that train, could he give her a taste of this? She didn't know why he'd told her to stop firing the gun. …Until she had children of her own. ","Summary":" When Yona took a hit of Kronole, she felt it swell behind her eyes. When she pulled the trigger of "},{"Movie":"Priest, 2011","Title":"Familiar's Daughter","Author":"Joanmuldoon","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8457243","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Familiar's Daughter: Chapter One Nudging open the door to my little shack, I stepped outside into the light of the setting sun. My pale skin hidden under my long sleeve shirt and my black pants, my black haired tired back into a ponytail but my bangs hung freely around my face. Looking around my family or familiars watched me carefully, checking if I was okay and well. Nodding in the direction of one of the oldest they all returned to what they were doing before, walking along the street many of the familiar bowed their heads to me and I quickly returned the favour. In the distance I could see a trail of dust rising into the air and I immediately knew we had company. \"Everyone inside now,\" I ordered, standing in the middle of the street watching the dust trail become closer and closer. All the familiars rushed round me, hiding in their small shacks and watching me through small spy holes. Stopping just outside the main gate, two young priests pulled themselves gracefully from their bikes. Staring through two wire gates, I could see them as the older one said something. Looking at the gate, the young one's eyes filled with fear seeing me. \"Big brother, there is a girl in there,\" He whispered to the other priest, I clearly heard them dur to my super natural hearing. \"There can't be, this is familiar country,\" The older one answered, looking through the gates seeing me also. Tapping my foot once on the floor, the familiars shifted in there shacks ready to run if they needed to. \"Let's go say hello,\" The older one whispered, beginning the short walk towards the first gate between us. Pushing the heavy rusted gates open, they walked closer and closer towards me. \"Hello,\" The older priest greeted, holding out his hand and expecting me to take it. Looking from his hand, to his face and back again. I rolled my eyes and lowered my head, before grabbing his hand and pulling it downwards. He lunged forward and I rammed my hand into the base of his stomach. The younger priest reached into the pocket of his pants and he was suddenly on the ground beside the older one, I held a knife to the younger ones throat and watched the other one to make sure he didn't move. \"Why are you here?\" I asked, speaking the language that the humans spoke. \"Why are you here?\" The younger priest asked, trying to push back into the ground to stop the knife from being right at his neck. \"She is asking the questions,\" An elder familiar known as Kunaoick said, stepping out form his hut and standing a few meters from me. The two priests went stiff as they spotted Kunaoick standing behind me; they reached down to grab a weapon when I pushed the knife against the younger one's neck. The two priests hadn't a clue what was going on, I wasn't planning to let them know. I had to get rid of them before dark, glancing up at the sky a hand grabbed my wrist and I suddenly pushed to the side away from the younger priest. \"Little brother, run,\" The older priest ordered, the younger one scrambled to his feet and he was pulled back down towards the floor and someone dug their sharp nails into the skin of his ankle. \"No,\" The younger priest said, kicking the arm that had its hand wrapped around my ankle. Getting up he looked around to see familiars stepping from their huts and surrounding the two familiars. I was lying beneath the older priest, the knife that I had been holding now against my neck. The sun was still shining bright in the sky, so there was no luck for the vampires to help us. \"Why are you here?\" I asked, lying almost still beneath the older priest. \"To destroy the vampires,\" The older priest answered, it was then the clouds covered the sun and a bang was heard throughout the compound. The older priest was pushed back against the wall with a pole thrust through his chest and the younger one was pushed back against the wall beside his brother. The young priest looked around for what had done that but it had already returned to the darkness of it's underground lair. I sat up and span round on the ground to see the younger priest looking up at his brother with a shocked expression. This boy was no priest, he was still young and still innocent. \"It killed him,\" Was all the boy said, turning to look at me with tear filled eyes. \"He threatened me,\" I answered, the boy jumped from his spot and tried to grab me. Ducking out the way, I allowed two young familiars to grab him and looked back at Kunaoick. Kunaoick nodded and I watched as they dragged the boy away from the light and into the darkness of the lair and heard the locking of an old cell door. \"Are you okay?\" Kunaoick asked, laying his hand on my shoulder and turning away from me. \"Yes, Kunaoick, but he is going to be mad,\" I answered. Looking towards the darkness and not wanting to sun to ever go away. Yet, it quickly did. The sun disappeared in what seemed like minutes and our master came out to play. He stood tall, twice as high as any human and as lean and bony as a forgotten skeleton. His shape teeth ready for anything and his eyes hidden beneath the thick protective layer of flesh. \"You could have got yourself hurt,\" The vampire growled, talking to me in a language the used only by vampires. \"I'm sorry,\" I said, quickly repeating what I had just said in the language of the vampires. \"You should have come inside, but you choose to stay outside and I had to save you,\" The vampire growled, everyone else backing away to avoid any confrontation with the much stronger and smarter vampire. \"I'm sorry,\" I growled back, trying to find of what else I could say. \"Rest,\" The vampire ordered, gently nudging me towards the darkness of his lair to sleep. After I was gone, I could hear the vampire turning to the familiars and begin to growl at them. I mean while rested my head against a folder up blanket and pulled another blanket tightly around me. Drifting quickly off to sleep, the next sound I heard was the yelling coming from the boy many hours later. To Be Continued ...Please Comment[Chapter 2] Familiar's Daughter: Chapter Two Stepping from the darkness, all I can see if light shining deeply into my eyes and the heat warmed my pale skin. When my vision cleared my eyes caught on to the tired and beat up boy tried to a post at the edge of the compound. His eyes were closed, mouth partly open with blood running down the side of his mouth, head hanging low with the chin resting on his chest. His shirt had been ripped to reveal a blood and bruised chest and his arms lay limply behind him. He looked dead, but I knew from the smell and the small movement of his chest that he was alive just. \"Good morning,\" Two young familiars greeted; I looked at the two familiars and then back at the body. \"What happened to him?\" I asked, my eyes taking in all the damage covering his body. \"He was too loud, the master decided to let Kunaoick deal with him now so that you weren't woken up,\" One of the young familiars answered. \"Thank you,\" I said, walking forwards so that I more closely at the cuts and bruisers that cover his body. Reaching up I gently touched the edge of one of the cuts beneath his ripped shirt, his body jerked away in pain. \"Ah,\" He gasped his voice cracking. His breathing came out in quick pants; quickly I noticed that he was having trouble breathing. Kunaoick must have done something really bad to him, probably broken a few ribs and hurt him internally exactly as he had externally. \"Don't touch me,\" The youngest priest shouted, Kunaoick grabbed the boy's hair and pulled his neck back as far as he could without killing the boy. \"Kunaoick, release him,\" I ordered, crossing my arms over my chest and waiting for him to obey. \"He shouted at you,\" Kunaoick replied, I didn't reply but he released the boy a few seconds later. \"Priest, what are you doing here?\" I asked, standing in front of him. \"We were sent to check on this compound,\" The boy whispered, his eyes drifting to the body of his older brother a few meters from him. \"I'm sorry, I know what it is like to lose someone who you are close to,\" I replied, the boy's eyes filled with anger as he looked up at me. \"You don't know what it is like, you are a monster,\" The boy shouted, his eyes watering as he stared at me. \"Kunaoick, go check on the vampire,\" I ordered. As the elder familiar left, we were left alone. He was about to yell, when I moved towards him with my super speed and punched him in the stomach. He coughed, blood splatting from his mouse and on to the sleeve of my shirt. I pulled back, looking at the blood and then back at the boy. Touching the blood that lays in drips up my arm, I look down on the tips of my finger and see the red liquid. Bring the tip of my finger to my lips, I sucked the blood from the tip and then licked my lips as I glanced at him. \"Your blood doesn't taste half bad, you're extremely lucky that I don't drink blood,\" I replied, I swear the boys heart skips a beat. Tilting my head to the side, I looked at his clothes ripped and shredded in places; it is hard to believe Kunaoick had done this to the boy in the few hours, which I had slept. But that was Kunaoick for you; he was always surprising you with something or doing something unexpected. \"The human body is so weak, I don't understand why you are thought to be stronger than us,\" I whispered, looking at this boy in front of me I now really didn't understand why humans controlled the majority of the Earth's surface. \"We can walk in the sun and use technology to our advance,\" The boy groaned, moving his head and looking blankly up at me. \"Don't talk to her,\" Kunaoick shouted, slapping the boy across the face. \"Kunaoick, it is okay, I can handle myself,\" I said. I could tell Kunaoick was very uneasy to leave me alone with this priest again, so I stood up straight and faced away from him. He knew full well that I could handle myself; I being trained by the vampire after all, with reluctance he left my alone, but kept checking on me from a distance every couple of minutes. \"Protective,\" Groaning the boy once again let his eyes slip close for a second he opened them again not wanting to fall to sleep. \"They are my family,\" I answered, the boy's eyes drifted to his brother's body and then back to me. \"He was my brother,\" The boy whispered. Deep within my stomach, I felt something strange, an emotion I had never felt ever before. It was like I felt sorry for him and I wanted to do something to help him. That wasn't right, I shouldn't be feeling like this, especially not for a want to be priest in training. Ignoring the feeling, I stepped closer to him and pulled his head back by twisting my fingers through his hair. \"You are going to regret coming here,\" I whispered into his ear, before turning and leaving him limply hanging forwards from the post. As I walked away, I heard him take a sharp intake of air and groan as he tried to move his body back towards the pole so he could lean against it. Every inch of his body hurt, the smell of a dead body lingered in the air. Every time the boy glanced over his shoulder to look at his brother, his eyes would begin to water. His body would shake and he would open his mouth ever so slightly to stop his cries from forcing their way out of his mouth. Standing at the entrance of the lair, I watched him closely for a moment, before disappearing back into the lair. To Be Continued[Chapter 3] Staring up at the roof, I was bored as hell. I wanted to go outside in the sun, but I knew there was no one way the vampire was going to let me. As the day neared to a close, I stood from my bed and make my way down the hall and up the stairs into the sunlight. Standing in the sunlight for a second, I pulled myself completely out of the lair and looked around no one had noticed me yet. Seeing the boy, his eyes watched he closely. Making my way over to him, I stood over his weak body. \"You look even worse for wear,\" I told him He tried to shift his body to look up at me, but he was too weak. \"Please, just leave me alone,\" The boy begged, I looked at him confused. \"Don't like talking to me?\" I questioned. \"You guys killed my brother,\" The young priest told me, I saw as a drop of water ran down from his eye and ran down his nose and fell to the floor just in front of him. \"The vampire killed your brother, not me and not the familiars,\" I told him. \"What difference does it make, you are all monsters,\" He said, as loud as he could. \"Humans, are so very weak, a vampire would have healed by now. But you maybe in an even worse state then you were before,\" I told the priest standing over his body, hurt at what he had called me. \"Yet, you are too weak to feel anything,\" The priest replied, his voice weak as he spoke. Kicking his stomach, I knelt down in front of him and watched as he tried to recoil back to protect himself from me. Glancing past him at his brother, lying dead on the floor I thought about something for a second. Using two of my fingers I raised his head up and looked directly into his eyes; his eyes were all red and swollen from crying. \"Your compassion is your weakness,\" I told him, standing up and walking past him to the older priest's body. Reaching down, I grabbed hold of the priest's body. Dragging it behind me, I stopped in front of the young priest, the body sitting right down in front of him. The smell from the body was overwhelming, I watched as the boy kept his eyes closed refusing to look at the body lying right in front of him. The boy could clearly smell the body; it was interesting watching a priest show so much emotion. Releasing my hold on the body, it dropped limply to the floor. The boy stiffened, the hand of his brother brushing against his leg. \"Every time, you open your eyes or take a breath you will be unable to avoid remembering your brother,\" I told him. Sitting on the floor a few meters away, he thought I was gone. Tears fell down his face and his body shook. I tilted my head as I watched him with interest. Humans are very strange creatures, their emotions, relationships and world are so strange and complicated. \"Big brother, it shouldn't have been you,\" The boy whispered, I watched him his voice low but I'm able to hear him with my enhanced hearing. Standing from the floor, I watch him slightly confused this boy is so weak physically and mentally yet he calls me weak. I haven't notice the sun is disappearing and all the sunlight disappearing from the sky. The hatch of the lair burst open, I don't remember it being closed. I turned towards it, looking around for the vampire. A growl echoes from behind me, I turn to look at him. His teeth are bared and his body tense as he faces straight at me. Backing up a step, he grabs my arm in his teeth causing me to scream out. When he releases me I fall to the floor, hugging my arm to my chest. I took two deep breathes before looking down at my arm to find all the blood gone and the wound completely healed. Standing weakly to my feet, I can feel the venom of the vampire running through my veins. Weakening my temporarily before making my stronger. \"Why did you bite me?\" I asked, speaking in the language he understood. \"You are not suppose to be out in the sunlight, I have told you many times and you never listen to me. This is your punishment,\" He answered, I sat on the floor unable to move. The venom was taking control of my body, I was so weak. I couldn't stand, my eyes blurred as I sat on the floor. Unable to concentrate on the voice of the vampire, I could hear him talking but couldn't understand what he was saying. The familiars stayed away from me knowing that if they came close to me the vampire would kill them. hearing noise behind me, I looked back managing to make out what was going on. When I notice that they were moving the younger priest and the older priest's body, I tried to stand up. Barely having any strength I collapsed to the ground, staring at the ground it was becoming blurrier and blurrier. Slowly the burning spread through my body, I felt like I wanted to die. I just wanted someone to kill me. Curling up into a ball on the floor, I tried to control my pain by trying to force the pain away. Unknown to me, the vampire was standing over me, protecting me and watching over me. I'm not sure how long I was in pain, I drifted in and out of consciousness. Throwing up I suddenly felt so much better, sitting up I looked around. It was still night, I awoke seeing the vampire standing over me. I was to my feet instantly, my speed too quick to see with human eyes. Standing in front of him, I could tell he was un-angry with me. Looking around for the young priest, he was completely gone. \"We are going to see the Queen,\" The vampire answered, before I could even answer the question. \"Are we giving the priest to her?\" I asked, he nodded his head. Turning away from him, I jumped up on the edge of the compound. Looking out across the desert land we call home, I can see the railroad not far from where I am currently standing. In seconds I was beside the railroad, the vampire beside me. Two familiars stood across the track from me, they held the priest in their arms. Enjoying the felling of the wind, it is not something I feel all the time. This is the second time I have been out of the compound, ever since I had been turned into one of them. I was turned at the hive, not that the vampires call it the hive. The hive is what the humans call it, that is what my mother called it. My mother being a human, while my father was a low level familiar who had yet to lose his mind. When I was born my father was long gone, killed by a priest. As a child I was hidden from everyone, I wasn't allowed outside. Having to stay inside, so no saw me and attacked, it wasn't them who attacked it was the vampires who attacked. They attacked the village, leaving only one survivor, the vampires took me to their Queen. She mixed my blood with hers, giving me some of the vampire skills but allowing me to keep my human form. I lived with the Queen for years before I moved away with the vampire I'm currently with. We left so I could eventually enter the human's city from the inside and take down their defences from the inside. The sound of a train filled my hearing, it stopped right in front of us, climbing into one of the many carriages, it was empty apart from the old blanket in the corner. All the windows and crakes were covered to stop any light from getting inside. From the other side of the train, the priest was dragged inside the carriage next to us and cuffed to the wall. The vampire spoke with me, I replied back as we spoke about the Queen. To Be Continued ","Summary":" Familiar's Daughter: Chapter One Nudging open the door to my little shack, I stepped outside into t"},{"Movie":"Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrel...","Title":"A wedding, a not so good introduction and a","Author":"Costas1998","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/1055573","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Title: A wedding, a not so good introduction and a refreshing drink Rating: R Disclaimer: The characters from Lock, Stock belong to Guy Ritchie. I amnusing the lads for fun and not meaning any harm. All non-movie charactersnare mine and I am not making any money off this story. Summary: Soap's getting married and Bacon's still having trouble gettingnthe drink he wants. Throw in a lady to complicate things and see what younget. Archive: Just ask Feedback: Please Note: I beta read this with help from a friend. So I hope I fixed all thenmistakes. If not so sorry Chapter 1 Hatred at First Sight ~ A STRIP CLUB SOMEWHERE IN LONDON~ Jesus this place sucks! Looks like those three shit heads are having a goodntime. Ed got a red head...damn she does really like him. Bacon turned hisnhead in the opposite direction of his friends. They were, all in their ownnways having fun. He on the other hand was sick and tired of watching thisnlarge breasted woman bounce her tits in his face. He couldn't believe thatnthe night before Soap's wedding he wanted to go to a strip club. Of all thenplaces, Soap never set foot in a strip club before in his life. All of ansudden thoughts of G-strings and topless woman appealed to him. Bacon shooknhis head in disbelief. Soap, I can't believe you wanted to come to a stripnclub! The sound of the red headed moaning caused Bacon's head to snapped back innthat direction. Ed had a shit eating grin on his face. He looked like he'dnjust won the mother of all porker games. Thank God they were seated at thenback of the club in a darkened corner or for sure he and his friends wouldnbe thrown out of the club. Tom and Soap where seated on the other side ofnthe huge table with a girl on both their laps. He laughed to himself, Soapnwas actually being a ladies man. A blonde sat staring down at him. She wasnhanging on his every word. I thought I'd never see that! Tom on the othernhand was wrapped around a raven haired beauty who was calling him Tommy. Why don't you just leave? He was asking himself that. The answer was clear,nhe couldn't leave his mates. They had been friends for so long and had gonenthrough allot together. Blowing this little party off would be a badndecision on his part. The three men sitting at the table would go throughnhell with him and never let him down when he needed them! With that thought, Bacon spent the next two hours pretending to have a goodntime. Thank goodness not one of them was a mind reader!! As the night went on, Bacon found himself deeper into a state of boredom.nSoap and Ed were shit faced to say the least and Tom. Tom was from anothernplanet. Sometimes only sometimes did he, Soap and Ed visit that specialnplace that Tom called home. His friend was at the bar with the same ravennhaired girl gracing his lap. He was now making a deal with the owner,nsomething about bottles of acholol and how Tom could get the man morenproduct for less. Bacon laughed, knowing Tom would be making more money innthe end. Finally when the club was closing, the four of them left. ~SOAP'S FIANCÉ'S FRONTDOOR~ \"I WANT TO SEE HOLLY!\" Soap yelled while banging on the door. Tom grabbed hold of him and pulled him away from the door. \"You ass you'rengonna wake the whole block!\" \"I DON'T CARE THOMAS! I WANT TO SEE HOLLY AND TELL HER I LOVE HER!\" Tom rolled his eyes before saying, \"Soap shut up and after we get back tonyour flat then you can call her on the cell.\" Bacon was too busy holding Ed up to help with Soap. He keep his headnturned, due to the fact that his friend smelt of Liquor and sex. \"Fuck Ed, you are a heavy one.\" He saw that Tom was having a difficult time holding onto Soap. He placed Ednagainst the semi fence and went to help Tom. His arms were almost aroundnSoap's body when a voice came from behind. \"Don't you think you should get him home?\" Bacon turned his head and saw a woman glaring at them. \"Well, what's thisnabout?\" he then asked after turning around to face her. \"Don't you think you should take him home!\" She insisted while folded hernarms over her chest. Without thinking, Bacon looked the woman up and down. She looked like antart. A black skirt was high above her knees, showing off more legs than hencared to look at. Her top, if you could call it a top was also black andnskin tight. The front was cut low to show off her breast which were nownpractically falling out cause of her arms resting beneath them. If thatnwasn't enough, she had on black high heels. The straps encircled her ankle.nAll in all she looked like a hooker, a damn fine hooker but a hookernnonetheless. \"Sweetheart,\" he said while taking a step closer to her, \"why don't you letnus get back to business so you can get back to the corner over there!\" Bacon smiled to himself, great line. The woman in front of him wasn't asnamused as he was. She placed her hands on her hips then said, \"You bald...\" She was silenced by the front door opening. Bacon wished she would havenfinished what she wanted to say. \"Tom, Soap, Ed, Bacon? What are you doing here?\" Holly asked. \"He wanted to see you\" Tom told her while pulling a now sleeping Soapncloser to him. Holly smiled at Soap then said, \"You've got a get, my mum comes down andnshe call the police on you.\" Bacon turned around to face the woman again, but she was gone. Where didnthe tart go? He shook his head then looked back at Holly then smiled. \"Hownare you love?\" he then asked. \"Fine Bacon, now you four go!\" She shook her head then slammed the door inntheir faces. ~~~~~~ ~THE NEXT MORNING~ Soap woke up with the worst hang over in his life. He stood for an hournunder the hot water in his shower. After he was done, he strolled into his living room and found Bacon asleepnon the couch. He slapped his head as the walked by. \"Ah hell Soap!\" Bacon hissed after he sat up. \"I was having a very nicendream until you ruined it!\" \"Sorry\" Soap said while making some tea. Bacon fell back down on the couch. He pulled the covers over his head andntired his hardest to go back to sleep. His dream was getting good beforenSoap arrived. ~BACON'S DREAM~ He was sitting a chair in a dark room. A door opened and someone walked in. \"You've been a naughty boy\" came out of the darkness. All the sudden a woman appeared in front of him. He focused more clearly onnher but couldn't make out her face. She wore the same outfit that hookernhad been wearing. Bacon knew he was liking this dream. Without warning, she sat down on hisnlap. \"Have you been a naughty boy?\" she asked again. Before slowly unbuttoningnhis shirt. \"God I hope so!\" escaped his lips before she was about to kiss him. Then he felt a slap to his head...Ah fuck! ~BACK IN THE REAL WORLD~ \"Bacon where's Tom and Ed?\" Bacon growled then threw the covers off of him. He sat up and flung hisnlegs off the couch. \"They went back to Tom's. They'll be here aroundn11:00.\" Soap sat down across from Bacon and held his head, \"I feel like someonenshot me and God is punishing me by not letting me die.\" \"You are a real sick bastard sometimes\" \"Well,\" Soap then announced, \"it's 11:05 you need to take your shower ornwe'll be late.\" Bacon watched as Soap finished his tea and went back to his bedroom. Henisn't telling us something. I don't know what he did before we meet him butnI really don't want to know anything about it! TBC[Chapter 2] Chapter 2 A tart? At this wedding? ~THE WEDDING~ Tom and Ed barely made it to the church on time. It had taken Tom and hournto get Ed up and ready. Soap finally started to feel like his head wasn'tngoing to explode. He began pacing up and down while rambling on aboutncooking a thanksgiving turkey. Bacon looked at Tom who looked at Ed. Thenthree of them then looked at one another. Tom broke the silence by walkingnup to mirror and saying, \" Don't we look like respectable chaps.\" Soap went to say something but didn't. Instead he starting telling them hownto cook for a group of 20 plus. Ed leaned over and whispered in Bacon's ear, \"He's mad!\" \"You just figured that out?\" The door opened at the minister walked in. \"Walter are you ready?\" Tom could help but laugh at Soap's real name. \"Yeah, you ready WALTER?\" The minister smiled then walked out the room leaving the door opened. \"@#%$ off Tom,\" Soap said before making his way out the room. \"We're in a church,\" Tom blurted out while following Soap. \"I swear those two need to wed they already fight like their married,\"nBacon announced before exiting the room. ~~~~~~ ~AFTER THE WEDDING~ Bacon, Tom and Ed watched as Soap and Holly danced. He looked so happy forna man who just vowed till death do us part. \"He's never going to sleep with another girl again.\" Ed said with sadnessnin his voice before taking a sip of beer. \"Who said he was sleeping with girls?\" Tom added before taking a drink. Bacon let out a laugh then focused back on Soap and Holly. They looked sonhappy, he found himself jealous of their connection. He'd never met a womennthat he wanted to spend more than a night with. After watching the bridenand groom a few moments longer, he decided to go over and say hello to Soapnand Holly who were now between dances. As he made his way over, a woman caused him to stop. She was hugging Holly.nHer back was to him and what a back it was. She wore a pale blue dress withnthin straps coming over her shoulders. Her hair was up in a bun. He smilednthen walked closer. If she looks half as good from the front... The womannsuddenly turned and Bacon's face dropped. \"Tart!\" Jasmine wanted to scream. It was that @#%$ from last night. She replayednhis words in her head. \"Sweetheart, why don't you let us get back tonbusiness so you can get back to the corner over there!\" She'd thought henwas a taxi driver or something. This was one of Soap's friends. Hollynvagely mentioned them last night before they left for Holly's bacherloretnparty. \"Bacon this is Jasmine, Holly's cousin.\" Soap smiled and pulled Jasmine closer to Bacon. \"Jasmine this is one of mynbest mates, Bacon.\" Bacon gave her his best smile before extending his hand. \"Nice to meet younmiss.\" Jasmine watched as the man in front of her extended a strong hand in herndirection. Seeing him in daylight gave her a much better view of him. Henwas around 6 feet tall and by the look of his tux, was well built. Shenagain stared at his hand, wondering if she should shake it. His eyes werenhazel but could turn blue at any moment. The sly grin that graced his face,nmaking Jasmine want to smack him. Instead she swallowed hard and shook hisnhand. A firm grip enclosed her much smaller hand. That @#%$ eaten grin never leftnhis handsome face. \"I must say you look lovely miss.\" Jasmine tried to pull her hand back but he wouldn't let go of it. \"Pleasurenah..Bacon is it?\" This is my lucky day! Bacon thought to himself. Jasmine was gorgeous. Evennthough she was an American. Her hair was dark brown and her eyes were thensame as his. He couldn't help looking her up and down a couple more times.nWhen his study of her body came to an end, he found her eyes locked withnhis. \"You two get to know one another.\" Soap told them before pulling Holly awaynto dance. \"You mind?\" Jasmine asked after trying to pull her hand away from Bacon'sngrip. \"Sorry love\" he said while letting her hand go. \"Can't say it's been fun but..\" Jasmine announced before walking off. Bacon watched in total admiration as she walked away. He stood there for anfew moments before he felt a hand on his shoulder. \"What's up with you?\" Ed asked. \" 'Meetin and greetin' my boy.\" Tom walked up with a glass of beer in hand and practically yelling, \"Whonwas that?\" \"Who?\" Bacon asked. \"The girl?\" Tom asked. \"What girl?\"Ed asked. \"The one he's been talkin to!\" Tom said then rolled his eyes. \"Jasmine\" Bacon told Tom. \"What?\" Tom asked. \"Her name is Jasmine, For Christ sake you two.\" Bacon shook his head. ~~~~~~ Jasmine sat at the bar and watched her cousin. Holly looked so happy. Soapnseemed nice, she only met him yesterday before he and his friends werengoing out. He was polite and well mannered. All in all she liked him so farnand hoped that he and Holly would be happy. \"Walter! I think it's gonna take me a long time to stop @#%$ with him aboutnthat name.\" Jasmine attention strayed from Holly and Soap to the men whoncame to stand on the other side of her. \"Tom can't you leave the boy alone on his wedding day?\" Ed asked. \"No, Soap's always in need of poking fun\" \"Tom you're a mean one aren't you\" Bacon told him while turning his back tonthe reception. He nodded for the bartender. \"You two ladies what something?\" he asked over his shoulder. \"Yeah\" Ed said. \"What can I get for you today?\" Bacon stared at the bartender, he looked familiar but couldn't place him.n\"I'd like a refreshing drink and two beers.\" The man nodded his head and went to filling Bacon's order. Bacon tapped hisnfingers on the bar and looked up at the mirror behind the bar. Then hennoticed something, Holly's cousin was sitting on the other side of Tom. Hensmiled then leaned up over the bar. He sat back in his seat and againnsmiled to himself. \"Here you go.\" The bartender said while placing two beer and another drinknin front of him. Bacon looked at the glass filled with pink fluid then raised an eyebrow atnthe bartender. \"What's this?\" \"Two beers and a refreshing drink.\" The man answered. \"It's pink!\" \"That's what you wanted a refreshing drink\" Bacon cocked his head to the side and said, \"I thought you'd give menwhiskey not a..\" he started checking the drink out. \"Not a pink.. what thenhell is this?\" \"It's a sex on the beach\" \"I'd like sex on the beach too but how about a whiskey to start off with?\"nBacon told the man. The bartender rolled his eyes and took the drink away. He hurriedly fixednBacon whiskey and gave it to him. \"Thank you\" Bacon nudged Ed and handed him his beer. \"Tom.\" Tom turned and took his beer. \"So what we doin after this?\" Ed shook his head and said, \"I don't know what you two want to do?\" Bacon knew what he wanted to do. He walked around Tom and stood next tonJasmine. Tom and Ed looked at him then looked back at one another. Jasmine had listened to their conversations and shook her head. Soap wasntotal different from them. She all the sudden felt like someone wasnstanding next to her. She turned her head and saw Bacon smiling at her. \"I think this meant to be.\" She turned her head back in the other direction and just ignored him. What the?? Bacon moved to the other side of her and took the vacant stool.n\"Want a drink?\" \"No thank you.\" \"You're an American.\" he said like he'd just figured out the cure forncancer. \"Well aren't you a smart man\" Jasmine turned in her stool so she was facing the dance floor. She crossednher legs and folded her arms over her chest. \"Are you not having fun love?\" Bacon asked her while turning his seat sonthat he was facing the same direction. \"You're still here right?\" she asked. \"Yeah\" \"Than no I'm not having fun.\" Bacon laughed then took a sip of his drink. \"What's the matter darling didn't like the comment last night?\" Jasmine gave him a sharp looked then didn't say anything. She saw a mannwalking towards her. Please ask me to dance! So I don't have to speak tonhim! Her wished was granted when the man smiled at her then asked her ifnshe wanted to dance. \"I would love to\" she said while taking the man's hand. Bacon leaned back in this seat and watched as she strutted out on the dancenfloor. I can't believe she just went off to dance with him while I wasntalking to her! He took another sip and looked for Tom and Ed. He foundnthen further down the bar chatting with some ladies. Great Boy, you'renalone again! After the song was over another one stared right up. He would have thoughtnJasmine would have come back to her seat but she didn't. Instead shencontinued to dance with the same man. Bacon stood up walked to the edge ofnthe dance floor. Every time she was turned in his direction she would laughnand turn her head. He wasn't the kind of man to let a girl kick him to curbnthat easily. Bacon proceeded to walk up and cut in. Jasmine opened her mouth to object but the man had already walked away. Shenfocused on Bacon who was smiling. She stepped back and was going to walknaway but his hand caught her wrist. Her head snapped back to stare at him. \"All you had to do was tell me you wanted to dance.\" he told her beforenpulling her into his strong arms. \"I'm a great dancer love.\" She felt his arms enclose her. He pulled her against his solid chest andnbegan to move to the music. He wasn't lying about being a good dancer, henwas. As the music played on she said nothing to him. If he would turn hisnhead in her direction she was in turn looked away. To make matters worst hensmelt so good. A musky scent like from a soap you'd get in far off lands.nHe kept spreading his hand out and moving it all around her back. Bacon must have felt her uneasiness cause it made him only hold her tighternand grin his body closer to her. He wasn't usually this forward with womennbut for some strange reason he couldn't think of anything else but gettingnJasmine out of her clothes. Maybe it had been to long for him. He justncouldn't get all the dirty images out of his head. The music stopped and they were still dancing. Jasmine put her hand againstnhis chest and said, \"You can stop now!\" He stopped but didn't let go of her. \"That was nice.\" \"How about you let go of me?\" she told him. \"Really?\" Jasmine smiled then said, \"Yeah!\" Bacon let go of her and took a step back. \"What are you doing after this?\" \"Going back home.\" \"Where's home?\" he asked. \"Not far enough away from you!\" she told him. \"Oh come on love why are being so hateful to me?\" \"I don't like you isn't that reason enough?\" \"I think we could be friends!\" Bacon told her. \"I think you need to go back and @#%$ off with your friends!\" with thatnJasmine turned and left him standing on the dance floor. Ouch! Her nails are starting to show! Bacon smirked then went over to wherenTom and Ed were. TBC[Chapter 3] Author:ChupasGrl email: costas1998@cox.net Title: A wedding, a not so good introduction and a refreshing drink Rating: R Disclaimer: The characters from Lock, Stock belong to Guy Ritchie. I amnusing the lads for fun and not meaning any harm. All non-movie charactersnare mine and I am not making any money off this story. Summary: Soap's getting married and Bacon's still having trouble gettingnthe drink he wants. Throw in a lady to complicate things and see what younget. Archive: Just ask Feedback: Please Note: I beta read this with help from a friend. So I hope I fixed all thenmistakes. If not so sorry Chapter 3 ~STILL AT THE WEDDING~ Jasmine walked as fast as she could to her seat. She briefly looked backnand found Bacon smiling at her. What is he smiling at? Once again shenspotted Holly and Soap. A smile came over her face before she stood up andnwalked over to them. \"Saw you dancin with Bacon,\" Holly commented with a wink. Jasmine rolled her eyes then said, \"Yeah. Holly do you still need me tonwatch Oscar for you?\" \"Oh darn, I forgot about Oscar.\" Holly leaned in closer to Jasmine. \"Momntook him over to Soap's place, she can't watch him for me plus she isncleaning out my flat for me. So she really won't be able to watch him so Inreally need you to stay at Soap's while we are gone.\" \"I don't mind watching him at Soap's place. I knew you're Mom wanted tonclean your place for you so it won't be any different if I watch him therenor at Soap's.\" Jasmine told her cousin. Holly hugged Jasmine before whispering in her ear. \"Thank you Jasmine andndon't tell Soap. He's not Oscar's biggest fan. Mom left the spare key undernthe mat.\" ~About 20 minutes later~ Bacon made his way over to Soap. Everyone was leaving so he knew it was thenperfect moment to say his goodbye. \"You good Soap?\" \"I'm better than good Bacon!\" Soap smiled and hugged Bacon. \"Oh! Will youndo me a favor?\" Bacon smiled as he put his hands in his pant pockets. \"Sure.\" \"Holly's mum brought Oscar over to my place and no one is there to takencare of him. Would you mind watching him while we're gone. She thinks Inhate him but I don't!\" \"That's fine, Ed's mother is comin' down from Scotland to visit and she'llnstay a week so it would be a good deal if I'm not there!\" Soap gave his friend a hug again before saying, \"The key's under the matnBacon.\" ~Soap's Apartment later that night~ Jasmine stopped off at her aunt's place to get some stuff before making hernway to Soap's apartment. She pushed the door open and was attacked by thencat. \"Oscar you freak hold on let me get in the door!\" The cat meowed at her then stared up at her. Once she was inside, Jasmine flopped on the couch and put her feet up onnthe coffee table. \"That was bad on my feet.\" She leaned her head over and saw Oscar still staring at the front door.n\"Buddy they aren't coming home until next week.\" Oscar meowed again then turned and started walking over to her. Jasminensmiled as he jumped on the couch and stood next to her. \"But I am sure they miss you.\" ~Around 2:30 am~ \"Shit!\" Bacon yelled when he found that Soap's spare key wasn't under thenwelcome mat. \"Shit Soap! Now I'll have to break in your fucking apartment!\" Bacon did his best the not screw up Soap's door. Finally after making anminimal amount of noise, he was in the apartment. He found himself face tonface with a big black cat. \"You must be the cat?\" \"I'm Bacon, Soap's mat.\" The cat stared up at him then turned and flung his tall up in the air.nBacon smiled then said, \"Nice to meet you too!\" ~In Soap's bedroom~ Jasmine woke up when Oscar jumped on the bed. He walked up by her head andnbegan rubbing against it. \"Come on Oscar not now I'm sleepy!\" The cat purred then began rubbing against her again. \"I hate cats!\" Jasmine said while throwing the covers off her body andnleaping out of bed. She stared down angrily at Oscar before picking him upnand walking towards the door. She was almost out the door when she came face to face with a person. Jasmine dropped Oscar and began screaming. \"What the?\" Bacon yelled while catching the cat in his arms. \"Who the fucknare you?\" Jasmine stepped back into the room and slammed the door shut. \"Look, mynboyfriend's in the bathroom! Don't make him come out there! Just leave!\" Bacon rolled his eyes before letting the cat fall in the ground. \"Who arenyou? And what are you doing here miss? This is my mate's flat!\" He demandednwhile pounding on the door. \"What? Leave at once or I'll call the cops on your sorry ass!\" He heard thenwoman yell. Knowing that he was scaring her more than anything, Baconncalmed himself down and walked back door the hall and sat in the livingnroom. This was a situation that called for cool reasoning. He flopped downnon the sofa and waited for the mystery woman to appear. Jasmine found herself all tense and ready to jump at any moment. Questionsnracing through her mind. She wasn't told that anyone else would be stayingnhere. Taking a chance, she slowly opened the bedroom door and peakednoutside. When she found nothing, an assuring breath left her body. Shenwalked into the living room and went to the kitchen with Oscar right behindnher. A strange sense came over her, the front door looked liked it wasnlocked. ~In the Living Room~ Bacon watched as the woman pranced by and went into the kitchen. With onlynthe bedroom light on, he couldn't really get a good look at her face. Hernbutt on the other hand, was clear as day. I didn't think ladies wore thosento sleep in..I did see a girl wrestle with that on once... He shook hisnhead and again focused on her. Jasmine looked down at Oscar then thought about what she wanted to do.nShould she turn and scream, yell or do both. She froze when she heardnsomeone walking over the hardwood floor. The gentle sound killing herninside. \"Miss please tell me why....\" was silenced by spoon being slammed againstnBacon's face. \"Aw..fuck sake..\" he hissed before reaching out a grabbingnhold of his attacker. Jasmine had done it without thinking, she looked over and saw the largenspoon. It seemed to be beckoning her to use it as a weapon. \"Let go of me!\" she yelled. That voice! \"Tart\" Bacon let go and managed to flip the kitchen light on. \"You!?\" Jasmine stood in disbelief. \"What the fuck are you doing here?\" \"ME?\" \"I'm staying here to watch the cat,\" she hissed before realizing she wasnstill wearing her lingerie from earlier. Taking hold of a rag she held itnover her body. Bacon rolled his eyes and snatched the towel away from her and the spoon.nHe didn't know how, but it had cut him above his left eye. A small amountnof blood was running down his face. \"You hit me with a spoon!\" Jasmine went to say something but huffed. She looked down at the cat wasnsteadily staring up at both of them. When she looked up again she stated, \"nHeidi asked me to watch over Oscar while they are gone!\" \"Same with me,\" Bacon told her while letting his eyes lingered over thenfront of her. \"Do you always wear that get up to bed?\" \"Just leave Bacon,\" she told him while folding her arms across her chest.n\"I got this!\" He laughed then went back into the living room and sat down on the couch.n\"Can't the door's locked from outside, I had to break in and I did somethinnto the lock.\" \"What?\" \"I just told you that I can't leave.\" \"I'm sorry what?\" Jasmine insisted as she stood staring down at him. \"Jesus tart you can't hear well can ya...I said I CAN NOT LEAVE BECAUSE OFnTHE FRONT DOOR..IT'S LOCKED FROM THE OUTSIDE\" Bacon began using his handsnto illustrate. \"WE HAVE TO WAIT UNTIL MORNING TO CALL MY FRIENDS TO GET MEnOUT!\" Jasmine was miffed at this point, she stormed over to the door and foundnthat Bacon was right. Feeling like she'd died and gone to hell, Jasminenpounded her clinched fist against the door. \"That's not going to help.\" Slowly Jasmine turned and glared at the man sitting on the couch. Shenwalked up to him and said, \"Okay I'm sleeping in there you're sleeping innhere and tomorrow your cocky British ass is going call those fuck off's youncall friends and you are going be outta here!\" \"Potty mouth.\" A sly grin and wink caused Jasmine to yell. She turned on a dime andnstormed back to the bedroom. After she slammed the door, Bacon let out anlaugh then kicked his shoes off. This is gonna be a laugh![Chapter 4] Chapter 4 ~The next morning~ Jasmine couldn't really sleep after realizing that she was in fact trappednin Soap's small apartment with Bacon. Annoying, conceited and extremelynsexy Bacon. She rolled her eyes and turned over to read the clock on thennight stand. 9:37am. The bedroom door came slightly opened and she sawnOscar prancing in. After sitting up, Jasmine looked at the cat and asked. \"He's still here?\" Her question was answered when she heard water being turned on. He's takingna shower! Jasmine leaped out of bed and practically ran into the bathroom door. Thensound of water crashing down onto the tub's surface caused her to grunt.nHer eyes widen when she heard, no he couldn't be. Bacon was singing. Notnyour regular humming, no he was breaking into full out musical numbers. Henwasn't that bad either, the man can sing and dance. What gal wouldn't likenthat? Stop it! He's rude, thinks he's god's gift! The cat meowed and Jasmine stared angrily down at him. \"What?\" she askednbefore storming off into the kitchen. Oscar followed her, apparently she wasn't up to speed on when he needednfood. He was rubbing up against her leg while talking to her. \"What freak?\" The cat just looked at her as if saying, 'You stupid ass I'm hungry!' \"I don't know what you want, I'm talking to the cat like's it's a realnperson.\" she hissed. \"Well, maybe you should feed him then start having relationships with realnpeople.\" Jasmine spun around and glared at a half naked Bacon. Her eyes widen andnshe turned away. \"You.. um... forgot to get dressed,\" she barely got out. He smiled then looked down at the white towel wrapped around his waist.n\"Well didn't think you'd be up this early love.\" He is enjoying this! \"I left you some hot water J-a-s-m-i-n-e\" he purred out her name. When she tired to saying something smart to him, the words couldn't comenout. The site of him half naked and dripping with water was causing ansystem overload. His chest, good lord was he built. Jasmine had never seenna more inviting site than Bacon standing there all wet. She finally took inna deep breath before saying thanks. Bacon watched with amusement as she turned her back to him and begannlooking for Oscar's food. He could tell she was getting more pissed off, sonhe walked over and stopped right next to her. Jasmine had leaned over tonlook under the sink for the cat's food, when she came back up, she was facento face and almost body to body with him. Her breath took in his smell. \"There,\" a sly grin came over his handsome face while he pointed at thencabinet high above the sink. \"Thank you,\" she told him before stretching up and trying to get the bagnout of the cabinet. Is he gonna stand there and not help? She askednherself. Her body tightened when she felt him right behind her, his long arm movingnpast her and taking the cat food and putting in front of her. \"Welcome,\" he whispered in her ear before going back into the bathroom. ~Sometime later~ Jasmine emerged from Soap's bedroom after drying her hair. She walked innand found Bacon, with Oscar curled up in the nook of his arm watchingntelevision. \"What the hell are you doing?\" she asked while coming up to him. Bacon looked up and smiled at her. When her forehead crinkled up his smilenfaded. He watched as she put her hands on her hips. \"Where are your friends?\" she asked while trying not to yank his ass up offnthe couch and beat him to death. \"We'll I got good news and bad news, which you want first?\" \"Ohhhhh the good news!\" \"Ed and Tom,\" he cleared his throat, \"My two 'fuck off' friend's are gonenfor the next couple of days.\" Jasmine's face turned red, \"And the bad news?\" \"When they get back love they'll come by and get us out.\" \"Okay\" she said before walking around and blocking his view of thentelevision. \"So why can't we just call someone else to get us?\" \"Hummm that would be great love but...\" \"But what?\" \"Soap didn't pay his phone bill and it's dead darlin,\" he tried to hold innhis grin but couldn't. \"What?\" \"Lord do people always have to repeat things for you?\" he sighed then stoodnup, Oscar jumping off him and then throwing a mean glare at Jasmine. \"Wait...\" she said while holding her hands up in front of her. \"I heard younass! Your telling me that because Soap forgot to pay his phone bill and Bobnand Larry are out of town, we are stuck here!\" \"Ed and Tom,\" he clarified. \"Whatever... Bob, Larry, Tom, Ed..I don't care BACON\" she yelled. \"Get usnoutta here now!\" \"I'm sorry but there isn't anything I can do about it,\" Bacon wished shendidn't look so cute when she was mad, he knew his amused look wasn'tnhelping the situation. \"I swear you Brits suck so bad! Who breaks into their friend's apartment?\"nJasmine yelled. \"Hey now, there's no need for yelling. Have you thought up in that prettynlittle head of yours that maybe I don't want to be locked up in here withnyou either?\" Her eyes widen, \"Well what are we gonna do?\" \"Let's calm down darling,\" Bacon told her before sitting back down on thencouch. \"The time shouldn't go by that long. Ed and Tom usually call and ifnthey don't get an answer they come by.\" Jasmine nodded then sat down in the large arm chair that soap had sittingnnext to the couch. \"They do?\" Bacon smiled, \"Yeah! My mates watch out for me!\" She smiled then looked at the television screen. Stupid, I shouldn't havenyelled like that or called his friend's names. This isn't his fault, he wasnonly helping out a friend! I shouldn't be such a bitch to him! Why can't Injust be nice to the guy? It's that damn smirk of his, it's like he can seenright through me. Those eyes, that voice! I don't know whether to smack himnor kiss him... Jasmine calm down and wait this out!! \"Excuse me but do you two want to be alone?\" the question caused her tonsnap her head in Bacon's direction. \"Huh?\" \"You and whoever you're talkin to in your head seemed...\" he said in cockyntone trying to sound smart. Jasmine rolled her eyes and stood up, before storming off she said. \"I'mngonna take me and my inter monologue into Soap's room and I don't think wenshould talk until someone gets us outta here!\" \"Whewwwww,\" Bacon winked down at the cat, \"This is gonna be an interestingngame!\"[Chapter 5] Chapter 5 A couple of hours later... Jasmine sat Indian style staring at the closet doors, she didn't shut thenbedroom door. She left it cracked open a little. The sounds coming from thentelevision and Bacon made her eyes roll, she moved her neck side to sidenhoping that would relieve her tension but to her dismay it didn't. Thensource of her \"Tension\" was lying across the couch laughing at what he wasnwatching. \"Are you hungry darlin?\" The question being shouted out. \"Why?\" she asked frowning. \"Cause I was thinking of preparing myself something to eat\" Bacon shoutednbefore getting up. He listened in great detail for her answer, a smilencoming over his face when he heard her footsteps coming down the hallway. \"What would you like?\" He then asked while opening up the fridge. Jasmine bit her bottom lip while settling herself against the counter. \"Indon't know.\" Bacon turned, \"There's some left over Chinese food?\" \"Alright\" With a wink, Bacon turned and began pulling out the containers of goodies.nJasmine took this time to get out a couple of plates and some forks. Shenplace them on the coffee table in front of the couch. \"Want this heated up?\" \"Sure\" Jasmine answered him then asked if he wanted something to drink. \"Beer\" Jasmine made her way back to the kitchen and over to the fridge, shengrabbed a couple of beers out then returned to their make shift table. \"This is hot,\" Bacon noted after placing all the food in front of thenplates, he settled himself on the floor before taking his beer. Jasmine eyed him and was fascinated by his graceful manner. He slowlyntwisted the cap and gently slid his hand down the neck of the beer beforendrawing it to his lips. She found herself wondering if he caressed womennjust a well as beer bottles. The meal was spent in silence, both of them were quite hungry and in nonmood for idle chatting. After dinner, Jasmine cleared the food while Baconncleaned the dishes. All the while he hummed a song causing her to ask him anquestion. \"What is with the show tunes?\" Bacon finished drying his hands before answering her, he leaned backnagainst the sink and smiled. \"My mum loved the cinema. Crazy for all thenmusicals, dragged me to everything from Oklahoma to Kiss Me Kate. It madenher smile and I enjoyed the time with her... so I know all the songs.\" Jasmine smiled, \"That's sweet.\" With a twinkle in his eye, Bacon couldn't resist, \"And the ladies love itnwhen I sing them to sleep.\" The smile which graced Jasmine face faded, \"Really?\" She raised herneyebrow, \"So that's the best part of the show then?\" For once Bacon wasn't ready with a come back, he watched as she snickerednwhile walking over to the couch. He snorted before grabbing another beernand flopping down on the other end of the couch. The smirk plastered acrossnher face was beginning to annoy him. \"So, Bacon. How long have you known Soap?\" Jasmine asked. \"Since grade school\" \"And? How, when, where?\" Bacon kicked his legs up onto the coffee table, \"Well, there's these blokesngiving Soap a bad time. Everyday after school they would wait for him andndo a real number on him and all he would say was \"just wait\" never yellednor cry out. He'd tell em to just wait. See I was already about with Ed andnTom, so we'd began watching Soap and these blokes after school. I'll nevernforget it, one day the sun shinning, it's gorgeous outside. Soap comesnaround the corner and just like that, they're there waiting. The big buggernsteps up and yells down at him, without a word Soap reaches up and knocksnthe fella on his arse. It was so sudden that all the others guys justnstepped back and gasped. Soap raised his head and dared them to touch himnagain. It was brilliant and the fact that he had his dad's brass knucklesndidn't hurt. So I, along with Ed and Tom went up to him and after that wenwere friends.\" \"Best friends, they mean a lot to you don't they?\" \"They do,\" Bacon smiled then went back to watching television. \"And no Inwon't tell you my real name!\" Jasmine shook her head and thought to herself how did he know I was goingnto ask that? \"The look on your face gave you away,\" he winked. \"So what do you want tondo sweetheart?\" \"Why do you do that?\" \"What you mean?\" \"Call me love, sweetheart?\" Jasmine asked. \"I just do,\" Bacon told her. Oscar walked over and sat down in front of Jasmine, she looked down at him.n\"What does this cat want?\" Bacon grinned, \"Some lovin darlin.\" Jasmine frowned then slowly began rubbing behind the cat's ears, she smilednwhen she heard him purring. \"He's kinda cute in a cat sort of a way.\" \"That's cause he is a cat,\" Bacon teased. \"I'd purr to if you were rubbingnbehind my ears.\" \"You wish,\" she told him while looking over at him. When her lips formed a smile, Bacon face lit up. \"Awww there it is thatnsmile.\" He let out a roar of laughter that scared Oscar, the cat lookednover at him then walked over. \"Looks like you got a new friend,\" Jasmine said while leaning over andntaking the remote. \"Hey,\" Bacon snapped. \"You're busy darlin,\" She said in a pretty good english accent. ~~~~~~ Bacon played around the with the cat until Oscar fell asleep, he was happynof that since now with the cat asleep he could get the remote back fromnJasmine. She was watching one of those decorating shows where they switch anroom or something stupid like that. \"You aren't getting this remote back,\" Jasmine warned as if she had readnhis mind. \"Can't we see something else, check for a film or something?\" \"You don't like this?\" \"No it's...\" Jasmine rolled her eyes then finished his statement, \"women's stuff.\" Bacon looked away but then turned back suddenly, \"Let's play a game.\" \"Why?\" Jasmine asked. \"I'm bored.\" \"What do you want to play Bacon?\" she teasing asked. \"Poker?\" \"Alright\" Jasmine watched as Bacon's smirk appeared. \"Strip poker?\" He said before letting his tongue lick at his bottom lip. \"Is that all you men think about?\" Jasmine hissed trying to hide the blushnshe'd gotten from his act. Lord, she thought to herself, all he did wasnlick his lip! \"Real poker then.\" ~~~~~~~~ Jasmine held in her laughter at Bacon's pissed off state, he was losing andndidn't like that fact. She'd been dealing for the last hour and he'd wonnone game. His eyes narrowed on the cards while his face hardened, he wasnconcentrating far too much and letting his temper get the best of him. \"Fucking hell!\" He yelled after she laid her cards down. \"Well that had to hurt.\" Jasmine giggled. \"No more.\" Bacon through a heated gaze, \"You took me proper there!\" \"Boohoo poor little Bacon got his ass kicked by a gurl.\" Jasmine had tonadmit he was really cute when he was pissed. \"I want a beer,\" he barked before getting up and storming into the kitchen. \"You really hate to lose don't you,\" she snickered as he returned to thenliving room. Bacon said nothing just took his seat, after taking a long sip he placednthe beer down with a smile. \"How bout strip poker, see how your luck runs?\" With a hint of hestiation Jasmine said sure, she figured her luck wouldnhold up. ~~~~~~~~ \"Come on darlin don't be shy, too late for that\" Bacon cooed as Jasminenrolled her eyes. She then smiled sweetly before reaching down and pullingnoff her right sock. \"What?\" Bacon yelled, \"Socks don't count, but I'll let you have it.\" Hensmiled befored leaning over and seeing that both socks were now off. \"Nownyou got nothing else but the essentials.\" Jasmine gave him a cheeky grin before grabbing the cars, \"Fine I'll deal!\"[Chapter 6] Chapter 6 The game of strip poker \"Ummm\" Bacon grunted as his eyes went from the cards he'd just laid down then Jasmine. \"Show em\" he smirked, his eyes glittering with amusement. Jasmine rolled her eyes, \"Are you sure?\" She leaned over checking him over. He was down to his boxers and a tank top. \"I hate to do this but...\" she said teasingly as she put her cards down and watched his smile fade. \"Bloody hell\" Bacon shook his head angrily, \"You are enjoying this aren't you?\" \"Of course\" Jasmine purred, \"Now off with something.\" Oscar the cat was sitting on the side observing, he would look from one human to another. Bacon looked over and did a double take after he stood up. \"What you lookin at?\" he growled. Jasmine snickered before grabbing hold of Oscar and pulling him to her. \"He's just anxious to see what you got.\" Bacon shook his head, \"Fine.\" He yanked his tank top off and threw it at Jasmine. She whistled while looking over his chest, \"Turn around for me darlin.\" Her giggles weren't helping either; Bacon rolled his eyes and slowly turned his back to her. \"See anything you like sweetheart?\" Feeling himself blush, yeap blush, Bacon didn't blush. But for some reason her inspection of his upper body was causing color to rise to his cheeks. \"You done yet?\" \"You're not any fun,\" she told him. \"One more hand?\" Bacon asked after taking his seat again. \"We both only have one thing to take off.\" Jasmine raised her eyebrow, he was right. She was wearing her oversized t-shirt and that was it, her bra and panties were in a bundle right next to her. She couldn't believe that this had gone as far as it did, but Jasmine couldn't deny she didn't like seeing him shirtless. He grinned and went to shuffling the cards but didn't say anything. Jasmine let her eyes slowly rake over his chest, he had a magnificent upper body, muscle perfectly shaped. He looked like a marble sculpture in a museum, strong yet beautiful designed. Jasmine looked down as heat filled her cheeks; she knew she was turning red. \"Ready sweetheart?\" Bacon interrupted her dirty thoughts. \"Yeah\" she said after clearing her voice. A sexy grin covered Bacon's face and he slowly shuffled the cards while watching her face. Bacon couldn't help but stare at her, she was trying her hardest not to let the fact that they were both almost naked bother her. Her eyes burning through to table as if she was hoping to forget where she was. He had to admit he more than enjoyed being locked up with her. She was a sassy American, which turned him on more than any other women before. This also scared him, Bacon wasn't usually waiting for a women. They would fall for his charm and seductive smile and in no time be in his bed. Jasmine wasn't like that; she was a puzzle he needed to figure out. So now Bacon was saying silent prays to a higher power that he would win this hand and her heart. \"Good luck dear\" Bacon teased while dealing the cards, \"I so hope you lose!\" Jasmine rolled her eyes and focused on her cards. I really hope I lose, she thought to herself. It would be nice to see if he's got the Bacon! She couldn't help smiling as thoughts of him stark naked dance in her head. It wouldn't a let down she was sure of it, he to well built. \"Go\" Bacon snickered as if he could read her mind. A few minutes later \"You cheated didn't you!\" Jasmine yelped while looking over her cards then looking over his. \"Nope, fair game darlin. You just lost!\" She growled before cutting a rather nasty look at him, \"Whatever.\" Bacon watched as she slowly stood up. He smirked at what was about to happen. \"Turn around\" She said through clinched teeth. \"Why?\" \"Please just do it!\" Bacon nodded then turned around, he began humming while waiting. He could feel Jasmine's eyes burning into his head as if she was trying to have his head go aflame. Jasmine bit down on her bottom lip hoping she could out of this but she knew she couldn't. So very slowly she slipped the shirt over her head, she made sure to hold the shirt tightly in her hand for fear of dropping it. She wanted to put the shirt back on as soon as possible; the thought of Bacon's hazel eyes traveling over her body was enough to bring color to her cheeks. \"You ready sweetheart?\" He asked. \"Yeah\" As Bacon turned around he didn't have much time to check her over, Jasmine pulled up the shirt almost instantly. \"Whoa\" He barked, \"I didn't see anythin.\" \"Too bad for you!\" Jasmine smiled while clinching the shirt over her body. \"We didn't say we'd have to parade up and down the living room.\" Bacon stood up which caused Jasmine to take a step back, \"Don't be an ass about this.\" \"I'm not being an ass, you just didn't follow up.\" Bacon told her. \"Thats not a good personality trait.\" \"What?\" Jasmine laughed, \"What the hell would you know about personality traits, BACON you're a thug.\" Bacon stood silent showing no emotion on his face, he only stepped closer to her. Jasmine's eyes grew wide as she stepped back and hit the couch causing her to stop. \"Look this is silly, let's play something else,\" she said while feeling her body react to his predatorily movements. He was being to quiet, which only added to her state of discomfort. His eyes moved over her making her feel very small, she began to understand all the stories that Heidi had told her about him. She understood why he was used for muscle. \"Why don't we...\" Her words were cut off. Bacon stepped in front of her blocking any means of escape. He locked her between his two strong arms that now rested on the edge of the couch. \"Ummm\" Jasmine cleared her throat. \"Wha?\" He asked while flexing his muscles. \"I guess you never learned about personal space.\" She laughed a little but she wasn't feeling funny at all. \"No\" \"See it's when someone is standing to close and...\" Once again he stopped her. \"I don't give a fuck about your personal space Jasmine!\" He said softly while wrapping one of his arms around her waist pulling her so that their bodies were touching. His hands gently traveled up and down her back making her shallow hard. \"You feel wonderful darlin\" Bacon watched as color filled her cheeks, he smiled when he heard her moan softly. As he lowered his lips to hers, Jasmine pushed at his chest almost moaning out as her hands touched his skin. \"I'm gonna kiss you\" was he said before crushing his lips to hers. Jasmine yanked her head free and was about to say something but Bacon's hand came around the base of her neck and pulled her back to his seeking lips. Bacon could feel her trying to talk as he kissed her. He grinned before slipping his tongue into her mouth, he growled when she kissed him back. His mind began racing and his body was growing more demanding as their kiss deepened. Both his heads were now roaming over her back caressing sending shivers up and down her spine. Jasmine couldn't think straight, her body was screaming out for Bacon to take her right there and he'd only kissed her. Jasmine yelped as Bacon roughly set on the edge of the couch, she pulled away from him and looked into his eyes. What she saw was raw passion. It wasn't only lust and that scared her, she turned away but Bacon reached out and cupped her chin making her look at him. \"Wha's the matter?\" He asked. She couldn't answer him, the look in his eyes. Bacon looked like a puppy dog, how the hell could she say no to that? TBC ","Summary":" Title: A wedding, a not so good introduction and a refreshing drink Rating: R Disclaimer: The chara"},{"Movie":"Stay Alive","Title":"Even If It's Just Tonight","Author":"DefyTheRules","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6371943","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I Don't own anything but the idea…. So please don't sue me….. Hutch and Abigail were already gone, on their way to the house of the creator of the game. That left Swink and me alone. He put an arm around me, and we started the short walk back to my apartment to pick up some stuff I need to do research. We were going to do the actually research at Hutch's. Everyone thought it'd be best if I didn't stay at the place that was ours, and is now mine. He whispers to me the whole time, about how everything was going to be okay, and that we'd get the woman who did this to Phin. He said that he'd make sure she got what's coming for her, and I believe him. Swink has never lied to me before, and I don't think he'll start now. I've always had I a thing for Swink. I don't know what it is about him, but from the first moment I laid eyes on him, I wanted to do him. Usually I'd go right out and tell a guy that but Swink's different from most guys. Instead of just sleeping with him, I'd actually like to have a relationship with him. He's the only guy I've ever felt this way towards. Not to say that I haven't had relationships, but I never actually liked the person I was with. I usually love them for a night, and then by morning, I'm finished with them. I'm not a whore, I'm very selective, but I'm not into a serious relationship, because I want someone who's one of my best friends. Yet here we are now, and our deaths are probably nearer then we believe them to be. Maybe now is the time to tell him, just to let him know. Or it could be the worst time. It's a toss up. What if we live, and he doesn't feel the same? It'd be awkward. I open the door to my apartment, and grab a few books and a bag to put them in. Then Swink whisks me away to Hutch's apartment. I start making phone call for Phin, and get everything set up for him, while Swink starts printing out pages on Elizabeth Bathory for us to go through. After about thirty minutes, most of Phin's stuff is set up, and I'm sitting next to Swink on Hutch's couch. \" I have to tell you something.\" I finally work up the courage to say. ","Summary":" I Don't own anything but the idea…. So please don't sue me….. Hutch and Abigail were already gone, "},{"Movie":"Stay Alive","Title":"Last one standing","Author":"A message for Adrienne","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5498310","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Last one Standing \"No I'm not alone! You leave me alone, they will be back!' I shouted at it. It could not be possible , that did not go through my mind. But it was not a lie the game took the best of us, or the most of us. I woke up from the worst nightmare yet. It was really happening. \"Happy Birthday Puki!\" said Marcus. Today was like any other normal day, so what I was turning sixteen but I didn't care, Halloween was just a few days away and more important, though I can't say the same for friends. Everything I could ever hear was \"happy birthday\" or \"sixteen baby.\" I was surfeit about it. It made me sick. Thankfully I found my favorite human, leaning on the lockers with that leather jacket, very sexy. \"Hey babe.\" I kissed Jon on the cheek. \"Oh, Hey you! I've been waiting for you\" – Jon said. \"Really?\" \"Yeah, why not? Everybody is actually.\" \"Oh you mean because of today?\" I kind of glared, I didn't like other people congratulating me. I always thought it was an family, friends and me thing. \"Yes, what did you expect silly?\" I didn't answer, I glared a bit more but this time at him. He instantly knew it was enough talking. He hugged me tight and proceeded with a kiss, the birthday kiss. In that moment the bell rang. \"You up for tonight right?\" He asked me. \"Of course, it's in my place.\" I chuckled. We've been going out for quite a while now. With him I actually felt alive. Like when they say the other half, I truly believed that with him. And he felt the same he had told me about this before. Five more minutes for the bell to ring, the teacher was in a good mood so she finished up the class early. I felt someone walking towards my corner at the back, I prepared myself emotionally for the big surprise. \"What's up for tonight Bday Girl?\" It was Natalie, with her pretty short fiery red hair that I loved and her intrepid humor that I also loved about her. She was better known as Natita by our friends. \"Well, I think we'll have a party among us.\" \"Hmm. I'll bring this new game I rented yesterday. Haven't actually played it though.\" \"Awesome! I think we'll all want to play because I for one would love to play it. What's it about?\" \"It's based on a true story, it's very realistic the graphics and all. It's about this noble woman from the 17th century, she used to do murderous exploits. Looks a lot like Old San Juan, where you live Puki.\" I wasn't sure if Natalie was doing this to scare me, but I really loved what she told me so far. \"I call dibs!\" I practically screamed it to her. \"HA!, It's a multiplayer game!\" She sticked out her tongue to me. Once again the bell interrupted our talk. \"Catch up with you later, I've gotta get my book for the next class.\" Natita said. \"Okays talk to you later, Love you Nat!\" I told her. \"Me more dorky!\" I heard Natita reply. And yes dorky was my common nickname, how did I get I don't remember, but I'm used to it. Last period at last. I was at my usual corner at the back when everyone in the classroom turned to sing happy birthday. All I did was smile and seem happy. Only Oniel and Ashley know I wasn't really happy. Shortly after finishing, Oniel came along and gave me a killer hug, he always knew when I needed one. \"Thank you mistah!\" I told him. \"No problem, that's what I'm here for.\" I did not smile, but he knew I was in the inside. Who couldn't resist him, I'm glad I had him as my friend. That pale tall guy, he was handsome in every single way personality and looks. He was the pacific to my ocean. \"Love you dorky\" – he told me. \"Me too mistah!\" I responded. One hour before the party, though it was just a couple of friends at my house, I was doing my hair when Natita knocked on my door. \"Puki I'm home!\" – I heard her say.- \" I brought the save of the night, too.\" She chuckled. She knew that we really didn't need the game to have a nice time. \"Let me see the game!\" I told her. \"Damn you care more for it than me?\"- She told me jokingly. I stared at her. \"You know that is not true!\" I told her and talked her into a hug. Afterwards she handed me the game, the box had a flamboyant red and black. Its title so bold \"Last one standing.\" \"I want to play it already!\" – I was anxious now. \"You only dorky?\" she told me laughing, and with surprise. I laughed with her. Someone was at the door. \"Natita answer the door, while I set out the multifarious foods mom left us.\" Without answering she went to get the door, I felt that everyone came together. Well, that was even better. Mom left us a multifarious foods, It was Friday so it was obvious mom would be out. I didn't mind, I was going to have a great time anyways. Everyone was In the living room waiting for me to come out. I was getting my clothes on, when Jon came to my room, unabashed that I was still shirtless. \"When are you coming?\" He asked. \"As soon as I get my shirt on, that's for sure.\" He started laughing, I gave him a big smile. \"You and that gorgeous smile.\" He told me. I smiled even more and possibly blushed a little too. I finished getting dressed and came out to the living room, where everyone was waiting for me. They cheered for me when they saw me. Every single one of my friends where here; Oniel, Ash, Marcus, Estela, Eli and others. I hugged and said hello to everyone. \"Let's get this party started!\" – I said. - \"WOOOO!!\" everybody replied. Natita had put the game in the van box. There were only ten ear pieces and controllers, but she hid one, she didn't want Richie to play, so she just took nine out. \"Wheren't there ten?\" – Richie asked. \"No only nine.\" Natita smiled. She found Richie brazen , so she lied to him. We were all set to play; Natita, Jon, Oniel, Ash, Marcus, Eli, Carlos, Fredi and me. Anybody who wasn't playing was watching, or just outside in the backyard. \"Okay, are we set?\" – Natita asked. \"Yes, let's start.\" I answered. The intro song was playing on the screen said that we had to read out loud what appeared in it. The lights flashed as we pledged to the game, as an effect everybody screamed. The game went on, I looked at Natita, \"This game is very cool and creepy!\" We both laughed because we both loved games like this, I knew all of us who were playing did too. This satiated our game likings. The characters in the game looked a lot like us, even had our favorite clothes. I could tell the nine of us were creped out, but that would not stop us from playing besides we promised the game we wouldn't back out. The game was very mellow , I even started to get bored, but that was because the real fun hadn't started. Some zombies came to attack all of us, but we started fighting back. I was assertive that I would win this game. Until Eli got hit on the back of her head with a block, and got an immediate game over. Eli was bummed that she got a game over she even got strident about it. But we had to keep on with the game. Ten minutes after Eli got a game over, Ash was hung from the top of the staircase. Ash in the other hand was a bit more docile and sat next to Eli to watch how the game went. Two hours passed and nobody else got a game over. We stopped playing, but we found out that the game did not have a pause button so we left it there. \"Man Natita, that game is awesome!\" – Fredi told her. \"What's the name and what's it about exactly?\" \"Well it's called Last one standing, I'm not quite sure what is the objective, but I do know it's about an 17th century noble woman who did murderous exploits.\" She answered him. He just nodded, like saying nice. Jon was looking at the game, when suddenly he saw that the game kept playing for itself, \"Hey guys! Get back here the game is playing by itself.\" He told us. We all went back in and to be complaisant I told them to keep with the game. The place aggrandized , the mansion had an extra tower at the far back part of it, facing to the ocean. Suddenly I remembered this place, it was near my house, it was detailed perfectly and exactly as how it is. I remember being a kid and playing around that tower, I remember it clearly the shriek of a woman. Then it struck me, this really is based on true events. \"Stop playing, this is based on true events.\" I said. \"So, it's awesome, don't back out now. You pledged not to.\" Carlos told me. I just nodded, \"Okay let's keep on then.\" Suddenly we all heard a scream. I went running to the backyard. Eli was on the floor all covered in blood, and a block squishing her head. I shrieked along with Natita. \"ELI! ELI!\" – I started screaming \"ELI!\" I started crying, Eli was one of my closest friends, I adored her, now she was dead. In my backyard. I decided to call the police for this, they came in and checked everything and took Eli with them. The party died, Natita and Jon stayed in my house to clean up and sleep over, I guess. I was traumatized, she had died. Jon was hugging me tight, not letting me go. I didn't mind I didn't want him to let go either. Natita came out. \"Hey dudes, come inside everything is cleaned now.\" –She told us. We went inside and laid down on the couch, staring at the TV looking at how the characters moved by themselves. Suddenly I see that Carlitos character was headed for a trap door. I took his controller and tried to stop him from going to that trap door, no success in that game over for Carlos. Jon still holding me close, I was coming back from my insanity. I could hear my phone ringing, Natita went to answer it. I could hear her mutter in the other room. \"Jon! Come here please.\" She told him. He loosened my grip and went to the other room. Now there were two voices muttering. I stayed there on the couch, with a blank expression in my face. Natita came back to the room, and hugged me. And started whispering in my ear. \"They found Ashley hanging on the staircase of her house.\" She told me, still hugging me tight, not loosing me; Ashley was Natita's friend since the first grade. I started to cry even more, not only two people died, two of our closest friends died tonight. Jon came back in the room too, holding us both he told us to go to bed, and rest. I took Natita to my room, and Jon followed. My bed was big enough for the three of us so there was no problem on that. The next morning when I woke up, I felt Natita missing. I jumped out of bed and ran around the house to find her outside in the backyard looking at some building they were building. \"That's where the block came from.\" – She told me lifelessly. I hugged her and kissed her forehead. Later that day we all gathered to do research on the game, all we found was what we already knew. \"Maybe we should figure who is this noble woman, since it's based on a truth story.\" Marcus said. I rapidly searched for the woman's name. \"Elizabeth Bathory\" – I said. We all went on Google to research on her. \"Says here\" - Oniel was reading out loud. – \"That she was buried alive in the tower, the one near the beach. And that every Halloween she seeks for her freedom. This woman is a profligate .\" He continued. \"This is not a game then\" Fredi added. \"This is a killer video game.\" Everybody looked at Natita, \"What are you staring at, I didn't know that before.\" -She replied. \"Instead of blaming it all on me we should find a way to stop that game. Yesterday it gave Carlitos a game over.\" \"Where is Carlitos?\" I asked. I gasped. \"No.\" We heard the police sirens; I went out of the coffee shop, Jon with me. The police were taking out a young boy out of an opened sewer. He had severely cut his face in half. I covered my face on Jon's shoulder, he hold me close. Everybody else came and saw what horrifying death that countess brought upon him. Natita was holding her tears, she burst out crying. Carlos was the love of her life, they weren't together but they flirted a lot. But now all over. He was dead, I saw Marcus hugging her in comfort. \"Let's finish researching we need to stop this!\" I said. Once all inside we were looking on how to kill this evil countess. \"We need to trick this countess, so we will need to precede her every step.\" \"Look what I found: In order to kill Elizabeth we will need three silver needles. Two of them are already in her room; we need to buy the last one.\"-Marcus said. \"But the prices for these needles are exorbitant . We need one cheapo and fast!\" \"I think there are opulence of needles in my house\" I told them. I could see Natita was uninterested in the subject, I could understand her she just lost a person she really loved. \"Natita, will you come with me to look for some needles at home?' I asked her, she nodded her head. We started walking back towards my house. Back at the coffee shop, we had planned that tomorrow instead of partying for Halloween we would go down to the mansion. And back to the tower, where that evil Elizabeth was. We would meet here, in midday. As planned we were all here except for Fredi. We waited half hour, he did not come. \"Let's go to his house then, I guess.\" Jon said. We started walking towards his house. There were cops all over his building. \"That woman striked again!\" Marcus commented. He was getting mad, at this situation. \"I wonder how did he die, and who is next.\" I said. We started to cross the road, Oniel and Marcus where up front when a carriage came by fast and ran them over. I screamed, and along Natalie did too. \"Oh my, this can't be true.\" Tears coming from my eyes, I went to hug Natita. \"We better keep on moving before anyone of us gets hurt.\" Jon said. We kept on walking. \"Well here we are Elizabeth's mansion.\" I said. I took Jon's hand and grasped it firmly. Natita was close to me too. Once we were in private property the shrieking started. \"Run to the tower dorky take Natita with you.\" Jon said. I looked at him puzzled. \"And what will you do, I'll protect us. Trust me.\" He kissed me and pushed me away. We both started running towards the tower. Even from our distance we could see Elizabeth's dark black eyes and paleness. We hurried up the stairs, but while going up something grabbed Natita. \"Keep on going don't worry about me. You go ahead; I'll meet you up there.\" –Natita told me. I kept on going. I entered an empty room, the door behind closed shut. I took the needle I had brought, but from where I was standing there was an even better needle five steps away. Elizabeth still in the window looking out. I grabbed it, and just when I was going to kill her, she faced me and smiled, pushed me to the floor and almost choked me. I was fighting to break free from her grasp, but then gave up and remembered the needle. Taking it back in my hand I put it perfectly targeted for her heart, when Natita entered the room with an axe and cut her head. Blood dripping on me, I didn't care I went onward with our mission. Both Natita and I killed her we stabbed the needle through her chest. We both went down running, to find Jon. \"JON! JON!\" – We both were screaming. He was on the floor, bleeding but still alive. I ran up to him. \"Baby!, Natita call the emergencies.\" \"We killed her, we made it.\" I told Jon, whispering to his ear. A big smile took over his face. I kissed his forehead. \"I love you.\" I told him. \"I love you too dorky.\" He responded. The ambulance was on its way here, I could hear it. \"Natita, Jon we made it!\" We laid there until the ambulance got here to take Jon to the hospital. ","Summary":" Last one Standing \"No I'm not alone! You leave me alone, they will be back!' I shouted at it. It c"},{"Movie":"Stay Alive","Title":"Bloody Mary","Author":"kismet-wayfinder","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7725652","Passage":"[Chapter 1] It was just a silly little myth that people liked to take too seriously on Halloween night. Ginger knew that, and God, how silly were her sisters, the both of them – the older Lacey and the younger Molly – for buying into it all, believing they should do it, too. Beyond silly, the both of them were superstitious – that made it all the more worse and obnoxious as well – superstitions were needless. This was a fact that Ginger liked to point out at least once a month. Now as it was October, the girl with long, black hair sat on the living room couch, legs crossed with her laptop opened before her as she searched page after page of search engine provided links – some good, some bad, some hopelessly outdated – for quote-unquote retro types of games. Her best friend's boyfriend had introduced her to the idea of bit-torrents and emulators. Adam, his name was, and he had explained to Ginger that he'd made a sort of hobby out of it, downloading older games, from the 8bit generation to the point-and-click adventure games and beyond – he was down for it all, really. Bored of her PS3 and the very few games she had afforded to buy for it with her monthly pension of ten dollars worth of allowance, the brown-eyed girl currently searched for games in the survival/horror genre. It was Halloween, after all – a good enough excuse as any to download a new file on her already overheating laptop. \"Ging' – do you wanna come with us to the upstairs bathroom?\" a voice called out to her from down the hall. \"It's almost midnight!\" \"First of all,\" the girl replied, as she scrolled down a list of descriptions and links to various video game downloads. \"If saying the name Bloody Mary three times in order to be able to summon a long-dead spirit of a queen was going to work on Halloween night – and why Halloween night, I have no idea, because it's got nothing to do with Mary Tudor – then saying the alleged phrase three times before a mirror at the stroke of midnight wouldn't matter. At twelve-oh-one, it'd be All Saints' Day, and no longer Halloween anyway.\" \"Right, you just keep yourself busy with your games and History Channel documentaries then,\" the voice replied. \" Second of all, Molly,\" Ginger then called back. \"Saying 'bloody Mary' three times isn't going to do anything except to elicit a thirty-second thrill for yourself and Lacey. There's no such thing as ghosts, ghouls – Mary died a long, long time ago and she isn't going to make some great journey from the beyond just to entertain you two idiots.\" \"You're needlessly nasty some times,\" Molly said, now as she stood at the end of the hall, just shy of being within the living room itself, her arms folded as she leant against the wall. \"Just . . . so you know.\" \"I wouldn't have to be – if you and Lacey weren't needlessly stupid . . . just so you know.\" The game she'd chosen and clicked a link for was currently being downloaded and she was only half-paying attention to her baby sister's gabbing anyway, so she might as well humor it in the moment; there was nothing better to do while she watched the progress bar slowly fill. \"I mean, I'm sure that sounds harsh, but just try to look at things from my perspective: I'm dealing with two people that, though I care about, tend to take voyages into things beyond senseless. Sometimes I wonder if you're both using obfuscating me with faux-stupidity.\" \"Right, right – like I said, watch your documentaries and read the dictionary for fun some more. Call us what you like, but we don't look down on you in the same way you look down on us, Ging'.\" \"Ginger – Gin ger ; I never said I liked that nickname,\" the girl said as she rolled her eyes, clearly frustrated despite that fact that her download was nearly completed. \"Lacey and I never said we wanted to be called stupid, senseless or idiotic, either.\" Turning her head to look back at Molly, Ginger saw that she had already turned to walk back down the hall, and so she rolled her eyes again, before shrugging and deciding that continuing the argumentative conversation wasn't worth the wasted breath on her part. Besides, she discovered as she looked back to her computer screen – her download was finally completed. Minimizing her Internet browser window, the fifteen year old clicked onto the zip file she'd downloaded to her Desktop, before extracting the files and opening the source folder. Dragging the game application itself to the appropriating emulator that would run it, Ginger's eyes caught sight of the ReadMe file, as well. Giving a half-shrug, she double-clicked on it and read the text located therein. Welcome to Stay Alive . Navigate yourself with your mouse cursor – press Spacebar while navigating to run faster. Note: this is a voice activated game. Make sure you have a working microphone. \"Check!\" Ginger exclaimed aloud to herself, adjusting her screen to tilt back slightly. Beyond the gates of Gerouge Plantation, beyond its many graves (completing a veritable graveyard within its own backyard) lies a very old mansion, which contains within its walls a manifestation of evil so vile, so detestable, so lustful for the taste of human blood that the heart quivers to even imagine its countenance. Users beware, for a word of caution comes prior to playing this tale: More than one real life, factual account of life imitating art has been attached to players of this game . . . \"Oh, great,\" Ginger said, sighing in an almost disappointed way. \"I hope this dumb, 'oh yeah, it really happened' mumbo-jumbo doesn't affect the gameplay.\" . . . Perhaps the most notorious tale was that of three friends who claim to have survived multiple encounters with the lady of the game's manor, Hungarian-born Elizabeth Bathory herself. However, it should be noted that they were under suspicion of the murdering of their other friends at the time, due to their alleged cult-like activity regarding playing this game, such as researching it. The obsession, authorities say, led to the murders, and the three who claimed the video game was responsible for said murders were said by same authorities to be of questionably mental soundness. . . \"Sounds about right to me,\" Ginger commented aloud, under her breath. . . . However, do try to enjoy the game, despite the implications and stigma it acquired some time ago. Thank you for reading, and enjoy Stay Alive . \"Yes, yes, I'll try to, despite the Blair Witch real-story angle and the impossibly uncreative title of the game itself,\" Ginger said, giving her third eye-roll within ten minutes' time. Optimizing the emulator screen to full resolution, Ginger soon found herself looking at the image of an opened diary or journal, one with old, browning pages. Upon it in cursive was written some sort of saying or prayer, and she found that no matter what she clicked or which key she struck, the game would not begin. She then thought of the ReadMe's mention of it being voice activated. Deciding that perhaps it would work, Ginger then began to read the words before her aloud: \" Come to me, clouds. May you rise as an evil storm born to rip them open. Let the cover of night bear witness and destroy those who resist, so they shall harm me not. Let the blood of many cleanse me, preserving my beauty eternal – I pray you. \" Feeling a strange shiver come over her entire body, Ginger gave a bit of a shudder, watching as the words, which had disappeared from the page one by one as she spoke them, vanished entirely, before continuing to watch as the diary itself closed and left the screen, revealing a new screen that had a generic looking playable character standing there, swaying to and fro slightly. \"Fully-customizable characterization?\" Ginger wondered aloud, before fooling around with some of the options and breaking out into a grin. \"Well, I guess so – sweet .\" Utilizing the many options at her fingertips, Ginger soon found herself looking back at a scale-model visage of herself. The character had her hair, her eyes, her skin tone, a near-exact knockoff of the outfit she was wearing (a button-down plaid shirt and denim jean shorts). Satisfied, she said, \"Now to choose a weapon.\" Scrolling through the potential artillery, she ultimately decided on wielding a katana. \"Katanas are cooler,\" Ginger murmured, before scrolling her cursor over the button that would begin the game. The character screen quickly fading into black now that her player avatar was created, Ginger watched as the black screen before her soon disappeared, parting to reveal a stormy-looking sky that soon panned down and out to reveal an enormous, gothic- and foreboding-looking house. As it panned out, a strange, deep voice began to speak: If you're listening to this, it means you've made a grave mistake. You spoke the words, and soon . . . you will die for it. At this very moment, the evil of this place courses through your veins. You have been marked for death. Your choice has brought you here, to Gerouge Plantation. 200 years ago, Countess Elizabeth Bathory opened Gerouge as a finishing school for young girls. What happened to those girls was so depraved that all accounts were stricken from public record. The evil of Gerouge has been reborn. \"Weird. This is weird, but . . . cool, I guess,\" Ginger said, feeling more and more intrigued whilst listening to the narration. Your salvation lies beyond the gates of this plantation. Your only chance is this: Uncover the horrible truth about Gerouge Plantation and stop the evil, but in order to do that, you must stay alive. Ginger couldn't deny that the graphics weren't all that bad – the house looked lifelike enough. The camera angle changing, she soon found herself zooming in on her created character as she stood there, her facial expression smug as she idly swung her katana back and forth a few times as the camera panned out back away from the initial zoom-in. Nodding her head, Ginger said, \"Let's do this.\" Walking down the hallway of her home's second story, the tall-for-her-age Molly saw her own gangly-looking shadow cast against the wall from the dimly lit wall-mounted lights. A chill was present in the house, she thought, though she also considered the possibility that everything just felt all that colder since she had cut her long locks of brown hair off into a bob hairstyle. Her mother and father had hated it, but hey, it was her hair, right? So who cares? Stepping down to the hall a few steps more to reach her oldest sister's room, the pale-skinned twelve year old poked her head into the bedroom, saying, \"Lacey, are you ready to go and wait for Midnight to come?\" Turning away from her computer screen, the brown-eyed, brown-haired Lacey had a look of apprehension on her face. \"You're still up for it then? I was just reading up on some stories of people who've really summoned her, you know – they're really scary, these stories. Some people have died, Molly.\" \"Wait, what? You really, really believe that Bloody Mary appears when you say her name three times? Bloody Mary, Bloody Mary, Bloody Mary,\" pausing to look around herself afterward, before smiling as she looked back to Lacey, she said, \"See – nothing happened, am I right?\" \"You didn't say it at the stroke of Midnight in the dark before a mirror,\" the oldest sister pointed out. \"Maybe this is a bad idea.\" \"Eh, if nothing else, I was just informed by the all-knowing Ginger that we can't do it right if we say her name at the stroke of Midnight anyway – technically it's November first, so it's not even Halloween night anymore.\" \"Maybe it happens at the stroke of Midnight any night you try it,\" Lacey pointed out, before looking back to her screen to find that her Internet was down. \"That's weird. I'll have to have Dad call the cable company again tomorrow since he's away with Mom tonight at that Halloween party. I guess the cable company going wonky with our service provision again.\" \"Maybe – personally, I think we should just switch companies; remind me to bug Dad about that tomorrow, will you?\" Molly said, before stepping forward and stretching her hand forward, taking hold of her sister's. \"Come on, let's just go and get this over with. It's really not that big a deal. Besides, if we do summon the spirit of a long-dead queen, then we can rub it in Ginger's face.\" Laughing a bit, Lacey said, \"Alright, alright, whatever – maybe these people just made up these stories about seeing her and being killed and what-have-you anyway, right?\" \"You think?\" Molly said with a snicker, before tugging at Lacey's hand. \"Come on, it's almost Midnight.\" Back in the living room, Ginger was mowing through droves of undead, virtual zombie girls, some teenaged-looking, some much younger, but still girls all the same, each one of them. But no matter how they ran at her crazed, ambushing her and so on and so forth, Ginger's katana sliced through undead after undead, while her character also picked up roses that were sometimes dropped from time to time. An ominous, deep-sounding voice had spoken during the initial few-moments' long tutorial, and it had let her know that these roses could be thrown down to do away with an enemy, should she become overwhelmed by them all. So far she had only thrown two roses, to dissipate a couple of separate, small hoards of the girls that had charged her unexpectedly moments beforehand. But she seemed to be doing pretty good now, as she made her way through the graves and progressed further and further toward the mansion. Gasping aloud as a girl took a leap at her and knocked her character to the ground, Ginger panicked and fumbled and tossed two roses out in a row; it got rid of the undead child, but she thought that a single rose would've done. Oh well, maybe she'd find more item drops. At any rate, she continued forward, only one rose in her inventory. Slipping into the mansion, Ginger's character turned around swiftly to watch as the door closed itself tightly behind her, dousing her in shadow and darkness, with only a few lit torches along the walls lighting the way. A creepy, strange-sounding wind seemed to be heard blowing throughout the hall of this virtual mansion, though, stranger still, Ginger could swear she felt a chill actually pass over her for real. Closing the door of the upstairs bathroom, Lacey flicked on a flashlight that she had insisted on taking with her. Together with Molly, the pair stepped over to the mirror, the oldest sister's free hand reaching for her baby sister's hand, before taking tight hold of it as they approached the looking-glass. \"You really are freaking out, aren't you?\" Molly asked, looking back at what little of their respective reflections she could see within the mirror with the gleam of the flashlight; she could feel her sister trembling, even just through the hand-holding. \"Just a little, I am,\" Lacey admitted. \"I guess of the two of us, I'm a little more superstitious or paranoid or whatever – probably both.\" \"Just don't let Ginger know you're more superstitious, she might aim all of her nastiness at you,\" Molly said, before sighing and saying, \"I wish she wasn't so stuck-up.\" \"Me, too,\" Lacey agreed, before slowly putting the flashlight down on the countertop by the bathroom sink and then releasing her sister's hand to lift her wrist upward, before pressing a small button on her watch, illuminating the face of her watch so that she could read it. \"It's eleven fifty-one.\" \"Almost time then,\" Molly said, feeling a slither of fright cause her heart to race a bit. \"You know what I said earlier about how if Bloody Mary did appear, that we could rub it in Ginger's face? I kind of do wish something would happen so that we could get her back for all her claims that our beliefs in things are dumb and stupid.\" \"Well, just in case we think we see something,\" Lacey said tentatively. \"We could take a picture. Hurry – go in my room and grab my cell. We can have the camera app open and ready in the even that, well, we see something. But hurry – it's eleven fifty-two.\" Once Ginger had guided her character to the end of the tunnel-like and torch lit corridor within the game mansion she found herself looking at a portrait of a beautiful but foreboding looking woman. Hair almost as dark as her own, which was twisted into an elaborate bun atop her head; eyes that were cold despite their warm, brown color – \"This must be that so-called countess from the beginning of the game.\" Turning the camera angle, Ginger caught sight of a gleam of bright light shining from behind a pair of what looked like cabinet doors. She'd just opened them to spy upon what looked to be the diary from the opening screen when Ginger watched as, seconds later, a very dark, dense shadow passed over her character. \"Guess I should get out of here . . .\" she mused aloud, before turning her character and running her down a second corridor, which ultimately led her to a doorway. The dark shadow passed her by a second time just as she attempted to climb the staircase found just inches beyond said doorway. Once the shadow had passed her by, Ginger managed to navigate herself up the stairs, coming to find a quite well-lit room. It was then that she heard the sound of two distinct screams coming from overhead. The girl paused the game after she nearly jumped out of her own skin. Ginger then placed the laptop on the coffee table before her, taking care not to disconnect it from its charge. Getting up from the couch, she sprinted down the hallway to reach the foot of the staircase, before calling upwards, hoping for her sisters to hear her. \"Stop being so ludicrous, you guys!\" Then sighing and dashing back to the couch, Ginger sat down and crossed her legs, before placing her laptop on her lap once more. Rolling her eyes as she resumed the game, she soon did a double-take, for what was once a well-lit room now had no lights lit to speak of. It was as if the torches adorning the walls had simply disappeared. \"Gah – it probably glitches from pausing or something stupid like that.\" All the same, light or no light, Ginger still heard the sound of the dark shadow as it passed her over. \" Yay . . .\" she muttered sarcastically, before tossing her final rose and beginning her trek across the darkened room. Reaching its midpoint, Ginger glanced up at the ceiling in her own house as all the lights flickered unexpectedly, before shutting off altogether. \"Damn – my battery wasn't fully charged yet,\" Ginger grumbled, before resuming her trek across the room in the game. Hearing the shadow move again and beginning to panic over her complete lack of roses, Ginger pressed the Spacebar, causing her character to run even faster as she turned and fled down another hallway. Spotting a dim light from beneath a closed door just up ahead, she turned to face it and jerked the door open before dashing inside the room and spotting the source of the light – an overturned flashlight lying on the floor. Taking another step forward, she tripped over something drenched in shadow that she had somehow missed, which in turn caused her to fall face-first to the floor. Within a second an apparition was upon her, lurching downward and then leaning back upright again as the camera quickly panned around and zoomed in on the action. Less like an apparition and more like a grown version of the previously seen undead girl characters, upon closer inspection of her face Ginger realized that the countess herself was killing her, pulling back against her throat with a cord of some sort, choking her. No matter what key she struck or how frantically she moved her cursor about and clicked the mouse, she could neither fight the Countess, nor flee from her. Facing certain virtual death, Ginger tried the Shift key to see if anything would happen, but it was without success. Groaning in further frustration, Ginger looked on as her screen darkened significantly, before flashing once and then going completely black. Battery dead – character dead – power out; All in all just fantastic, she thought to herself as she closed the laptop and placed it back on the coffee table. Slowly stretching as she did so, Ginger got up from the couch and decided to inflict her aggravation upon her sisters. Granted, they hadn't made a peep after she had yelled at them before, but still – her digital watch read that it was after Midnight as she glanced at its face. \"I'm sure they're done with their little Halloween fun anyway.\" As she said this, Ginger heard what sounded like a doorknob jiggle. Looking back over her shoulder toward the front door she said, \"Mom – Dad?\" No answer came though, and besides, the jiggling had subsided. Shrugging, Ginger turned and walked down the hall before ascending the stairs found at the end thereof. It was impossibly dark and nearly impossible to see enough to walk onward – however, there was a light coming from the bathroom at the end of the hall. \"That's Lacey's flashlight, I bet,\" she said to herself, before inwardly adding, I hope the power went off right as they said their little chant in front of the mirror, just to scare them enough to stop annoying me with it like they've been doing ever since Lacey read about the Bloody Mary myth a few years back. Making a beeline for the bathroom door, Ginger placed a hand on the doorknob and called out, \"Forewarning: I'm coming in you guys. After all, I guess you're too afraid to leave the bathroom now that the power's out.\" Feeling a strange chill pass by the back of her neck as she said this, the dark-haired girl quickly looked around behind herself – nothing was there, no one at all. \"Well, whatever . . .\" Opening the door and stepping inside, a second breeze passed by, and this time it tickled the calves of her legs. Hurriedly stepping on inside, Ginger took two steps forward before she tripped and fell over something she had not noticed in the darker parts of the bathroom. Catching herself slightly by falling on the palms of her hands rather than outright smacking her face, Ginger had only a couple of seconds to register the shock of the fall before she felt the air pressure behind her change – someone was definitely behind her. \"Molly, Lace–\" she began to say, before making a strange, short yelp of a sound as she felt a thin yet rope-like something pull upward against her throat. She tried to scream for help, but the croaking and gagging sounds were the only things she managed to utter. Reaching out with her hand to reach for the edge of the bathtub – which was something, anything, to try to help her pull herself up and away if possible – Ginger could feel herself growing more and more lightheaded. Feeling a crude, warm sensation slip down her cheeks as her eyes began to burn in a merciless fashion, Ginger made a couple more gurgling sounds as the smell of iron caught her attention seconds later. Needing to scream but unable to do so, Ginger barely grasped the edge of the tub before feeling the world grow even darker around her more so than it already was. Another few seconds and she was unconscious, waiting for death's shadow to surround her as a strange half-ghost, half-living creature of dark desires took the cord-like string she'd strangled her victim with and hoisted it over the nearby shower curtain rod, wielding all her ghoulish strength to string Ginger up and over it. Fixing the end of the string onto the faucet down below, the revived spirit of the Countess produced a pair of shears, and its twin blades were soon used to slice into Ginger's throat. The blood rained down upon the Countess in sprinklings of crimson and ruby, slowly but surely covering her all over even as she opened her mouth and protruded her tongue, the better to taste the blood with. On and on this went for several minutes, until the last drop of drained blood struck the temple of the murderer's forehead. Smiling vaguely, she licked her lips one last, crude time as it trailed downward and then the fiend slipped away into the strange darkness that exists between a blink and a glance, shrouding all things save for the times you perchance catch their movements reflected in a mirror or still water. She was gone, even though a husband and wife were on their way home, not knowing that they'd find their daughters dead in the bathroom – two on the floor, one hung crudely from the shower. The smell of fresh blood was rich in the air, though, and would be sure to greet them and invite them to this dreadful sight upon coming home. ","Summary":" It was just a silly little myth that people liked to take too seriously on Halloween night. Ginger "},{"Movie":"Stay Alive","Title":"James Sunderland Is Still An Asshole","Author":"AMKelley","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9370435","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \"How can you even say that? James Sunderland, was an asshole!\" Swink exclaimed as he continued to mindlessly mash buttons. Him and Phineus were in their tenth match of Mortal Kombat Vs. DC Universe and Swink was losing tragically. That didn't stop him from arguing with one of Hutch's more offensive friends. Phineus had it in his head that James Sunderland from Silent Hill 2 was the best protagonist in the whole series, but Swink thought otherwise. Swink was determined to prove James Sunderland as an antagonist instead and he felt very confident with his advanced knowledge of video games. Namely, Silent Hill. \"He murdered his already dying wife because he was sexually frustrated and he also had a drinking problem. He hardly ever visited her in the hospital,\" Swink continued to say. \"Oh please, he was distraught and alcohol helped him cope. It may have not been the best outlet for his pain but he's only human right?\" Phineus countered after he had beaten Swink once again. \"Besides, Mary wasn't exactly an angel either. She lashed out on him everytime he saw her.\" \"She was sick!\" Swink defended. Swink shot a glare over at Phineus who just smirked and shook his head as he contemplated whether he should pick Baraka or Green Lantern. It seemed as though Phineus was enjoying himself and thought he had won, but Swink knew better than to give up. \"Come on fuck ass, pick your player. I wanna beat you again.\" Swink rolled his eyes and picked The Flash but even if his character was quick, he'd still probably lose to Phineus once again. He couldn't stand Phineus but there was something that just drew him like a moth to a flame. Maybe it was because he loved a challenge. He loved to debate over one of his favorite things in the world. \"Why is it that you think James is such a good guy?\" Swink questioned. \"It's clearly obvious that he's the antagonist and that he killed Mary out of resentment.\" \"The player's actions during the game define their own interpretation of James. His personality can be viewed differently, fuck face,\" Phineus said nonchalantly. \"And he killed her out of pity.\" \"Not in my version,\" Swink mumbled. \"Maybe you're just playing it wrong.\" \"I play it just fine, thank you very much,\" Swink retorted like a snotty child. Phineus was unphased and it showed as Green Lantern picked up The Flash in a giant fist to slam him into the ground, successfully beating Swink. Swink threw down his controller and crossed his arms over his chest in sour defeat while Phineus stood up in front of him and did pelvic thrusts as a victory dance, chanting the words \"suck it\" over and over again. Swink couldn't help but flinch away when Phineus' crotch got a little too close to his face. He felt thoroughly embarrassed and the blush creeping across his face only seemed to spur Phineus on. Hutch walked into the room from the kitchen and rolled his eyes as he put his hands on his hips, scoffing. \"Stop teasing Swink, Phineus,\" Hutch said with an uninterested sigh. This happened too often and it was starting to get old. \"Alright, keep your panties on,\" Phineus chuckled. \"I was just about to leave to play someone more challenging anyway.\" And on Phineus' way out the door, Swink called after him to have the last word. \"James is still an asshole!\" ","Summary":" \"How can you even say that? James Sunderland, was an asshole!\" Swink exclaimed as he continued to"},{"Movie":"Stay Alive","Title":"You Scared?","Author":"0xander.wolf0","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7781962","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Dark and Stormy Night It was a dark and stormy night. The sky outside was foggy and gloomy, rain drops pouring out of the hideously black clouds. The eerie feeling of things creeping behind you was beginning to be unbearable as you went further and further into the so called Haunted Field of Bloody Mary. It was Halloween so you thought it would be \"appropriate\" to go and do something a little brave and scary. There was one thing you didn't count on doing: going into the center of the field. You see, the center of the field is supposedly the spot that Bloody Mary was buried at. That's exactly why no one even bothers to step foot on the lawn of the marvelous, eerie, huge estate that she once owned. Her great grand-daughter, Santita, has been in a mental rehabilitation hospital since she was 13 because of all the things she saw happen in her great grandmother's house. She saw animals of all sorts being torn apart while her grandmother just simply stood there, covered in the poor, unfortunate animals blood saying, \"Santita, mija, it's alright. The animal is okay now. I just had to do this to help it.\" Santita never forgot anything she saw. You've heard children saying that if you even stepped foot on the lawn, you could hear the poor cries of the animals, and possibly even Santita's spine tingling, ear busting screams coming from inside the house. You also heard them saying that if you went in to the house, you could see the poor, unwanted, abandoned animals that had curiously wandered on to her lawn being ripped apart, limb by limb. You immediately snapped out of your thoughts when you heard a few crows flying around, which added to the scariness of it all. It wasn't just because of that, it was also because you could've sworn you heard something, or maybe even someone, breathing behind you. \"Oh no\" you thought. You turned around but, there wasn't anything or anyone there. \"That was scary\" you said, only to the point that you could hear it. You hoped that you were alone. But if anyone was there, they were getting really close because it sounded like there were footsteps coming from behind you. You began to run, gradually getting faster, but you were also going further in to the abyss instead of out . Then, the unimaginable happened and everything seemed to disappear. You knew what had happened; you were in the center of the field. You looked around, frantically, looking for the exit of this disastrous, hideous, place. Even just the smallest sign that there even was an exit! But, there was nothing, nothing but the eerie, disturbing, sensation of the stone cold dead silence. All you could hear was your own breathing and, the faint sound of another person or thing, breathing also. \"I wish there was some light here.\" you said, teeth chattering not just from fear, but also because you were soaking wet from the icy, skin tingling, painfully cold rain that was pouring down from the clouds. Then all of a sudden, lights turned on, and you saw that you were in a dark, mysterious, almost cave-like area. \"Who's there?\" You asked aloud. There was no answer. You asked again, but like before, there was no answer. Then, all of a sudden, the lights went out. You stood there, hands at your side, in pure fear. You could hear mysterious noises coming from the surrounding area around you. Then, the lights came back on and from behind you, you could see that there was a small, petite, frail hand on your left shoulder. \"W-Who's there?\" you asked again, but now in a more urgent, panicky, frightened tone. '' You'll never guess who.\" said a dark and mysterious, yet feminine voice. After those few last, dark words, you heard a few faint dark and evil chuckles, but then, there was nothing but the rain drops falling at a steady pace, the darkness of the night sky, and pure silence. ","Summary":" Dark and Stormy Night It was a dark and stormy night. The sky outside was foggy and gloomy, rain dr"},{"Movie":"Priest, 2011","Title":"Broken Vows","Author":"Viper's Kitten","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7030164","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Author's Note: I saw this and I loved it. So here is my take and my ideas. I also gave the Priest and Priestess' a name that way I don't confuse myself. Disclaimer: I only own Cameron and his family. If you recognize it I don't own it. \"Daddy don't go please. Don't leave me with her.\" The ten year old girl cried as she hugged the man around the leg. Her white blonde hair was just touching her shoulders and tears were streaming down her face. The man knelt down and brushed the tears from her cheeks. The man looked at her with the same green-gold eyes ringed with cerulean blue. \"Klarissa everything will be fine.\" He said. \"But Daddy she doesn't like me.\" She whispered. The man kissed his daughter on the forehead. \"Keep your chin up and take care of her.\" He said as he left. Klarissa stood there and silently cried. That had been the last time she'd seen her father for nine years. Klarissa jolted out of bed and struggled to catch her breath. She heard her brother crying. It had been nineteen years since her father had first left. He had come back briefly when she was nineteen. She had spent a year with him a twenty-eight to train and learn from him. Now twenty-nine she hadn't had that dream in years. She got out of bed to go comfort her brother. He needed to be quiet. She picked up the one year old and was soon rocking him back and forth. She hadn't liked her mother but she hadn't guessed her mother would purposely kill herself after having Joseph. That night had only been a year ago but it still stood out in her memory. Klarissa opened her eyes from where she had been resting on the edge of her mother's hospital bed to find her gone. Joseph was fast asleep in his crib. Joseph not even two hours born had a shock of black hair. She walked out of the room and toward the door. The click of her heels echoing oddly off of the wood floors. Klarissa walked outside to see her mother standing on the outskirts of town. Klarissa grabbed a flashlight and walked toward her mother. She heard it then. Vampires. Klarissa barely had time to pull the silver dagger from pocket before the vampires killed her mother. Klarissa was about to turn around but they had caught sight of her. There was only two. They went toward her and her reflexes spoke for her. She took them down before she walked toward what was left of her mother. Klarissa growled. She stalked back inside of the hospital. Joseph was still fast asleep. She sat down in the chair she had previously occupied. She'd have to go find her father. She needed to know more. Klarissa was just setting Joseph down when she heard footsteps. She looked out the window and saw the sun was still high. Klarissa slept during the day while the rest slept at night. She looked up as Catherine walked in with her daughter on her hip. Catherine had honey blonde hair with green eyes. Catherine's daughter was two years old and adopted. Jenny, Catherine's daughter, was African America. \"Klarissa, Klarissa. Something is wrong.\" Catherine breathed as she hurried into Joseph's room. \"What's wrong Cathy?\" Klarissa asked. \"There are Priests at the door.\" Catherine replied. \"Priests? No, they wouldn't bother to be out here.\" Klarissa said as she walked away and headed toward the door. She didn't bother to grab any of her weapons. She opened the door and her heart stopped. \"Daddy.\" She whispered as she hugged the first man she saw. \"Rissa you haven't changed a bit.\" He said as he pulled back. \"Come in.\" She said as she made way for her dad, the Priest, and the Priestess. \"Cameron is there something you forgot to mention?\" The Priestess asked. Cameron had black hair that he wore short and the same eyes as Klarissa. \"Come now Rachel you've met her before.\" Cameron said. \"She was nineteen the last I saw of her.\" She said. Klarissa sat down and she took in the Priestess. She had black hair that was done in a braid and that braid was put into a bun. It clicked then. Before Klarissa could say anything else Jenny tottered over and climbed onto Klarissa's lap. Klarissa let the child rest her head on her while she looked at the group around her. Catherine chose that moment to walk in with Joseph in her arms. \"Cameron.\" Catherine said as she set Joseph down. Joseph took two steps toward Cameron before he started to fall. Cameron was there to pick him up. \"This can't be good if you're here.\" Catherine said. \"You're right Cathy; I need Klarissa to come with me.\" He said. Klarissa was absently stroking Jenny's brown hair so she hadn't heard her father. It had been pitch black. She hadn't expected to hear anything. She heard the familiar sound of her father's bike and looked out the window to see him there. She had been nineteen. She opened the door without a second thought. She hadn't noticed the woman with him until her father had broken her concentration. \"Klarissa behind you!\" he yelled. Klarissa smoothly pulled the dagger from the holster on her leg and turned around in one movement. In the next she had cleaved the vampire in two. She went after the second one before the first's body had dropped to the ground. That one was murdered but before she could turn around her father was killing the final vampire. Cameron took one look at his daughter and the healing bruise on her cheek and looked away. \"She could be a Priestess.\" The Priestess said as she got off her bike. \"Let's talk about this inside.\" Klarissa said. Klarissa led them inside to see Catherine sitting on the floor. Catherine then fourteen looked up at Cameron. Cameron said nothing but settled onto a seat. The Priestess sat next to him. \"By the time she showed potential there was no need for Priests or Priestesses anymore.\" Cameron said. The Priestess nodded her head and they all turned around when someone shrieked and a bowl was thrown at Cameron. \"How dare you come into my house!\" The woman shrieked. \"Michelle it isn't necessary to yell.\" Cameron said. \"You aren't welcome here.\" Michelle growled. She had white blonde hair and cerulean blue eyes. \"Klarissa are you listening to me?\" Cameron asked. Klarissa jerked her head up to look at her father. \"Rissa you always were flighty.\" Cameron said with a smile. Klarissa looked at her father. \"We need you to come with us. We need all hands on deck.\" The Priestess said. \"Besides the more we have the better.\" The Priest said. He had spoken for the first time and Klarissa looked at him. \"Why?\" Catherine asked. \"We're going after her.\" Cameron said. \"That's suicide.\" Klarissa said as she stood. The move displaced Jenny who Klarissa caught and set on the floor. Klarissa strode past the Priests and Priestess and opened the door. She said a handful of names but it didn't matter because then four animals walked in. A bobcat, a mountain lion, a black panther, and a wolf. \"Cathy I'm going to leave you with Bartholomew unless you want one of the others as well.\" Klarissa said. \"No, I'll be fine with him. You've taught me enough.\" Catherine said. Klarissa nodded and stoked the black panther's head. \"Bartholomew keep an eye on them and keep them safe.\" Klarissa whispered as she walked away. She walked into her room and Cameron followed her. She was pulling out her high heeled boots and other various gear. Her white blonde hair was pushed onto her right shoulder showing the skin of her neck. Cameron watched as she shimmed into leather pants and a long sleeved shirt. He watched as she not only strapped on the holster where her silver knife was kept but secured the stormedge glaive at the small of her back. She slid on her high heeled boots. She tapped the heels of both shoes on the floor twice and the silver blade slide out. He noticed that the heel itself was silver. \"You would have made a good Priestess I guess that's why you put that tattoo here.\" Cameron said as he traced the outline of the cross on the back of his daughter's neck. \"I learned from the best.\" She whispered as she turned around. She walked out of the room and her father followed after her. \"Do you even know where to look?\" She asked. \"No. We're going to try multiple spots.\" The Priest replied. Klarissa nodded her head and stopped to give Joseph a quick kiss. \"Let's get this party started.\" Klarissa said with a smile as she strode through the door. \"Very excited isn't she?\" The Priest asked Cameron. Cameron smiled. \"She's my daughter. She's always been special.\" He said. Klarissa smiled to herself. She walked toward the shed that held her bike. She walked out with it. She looked at Cameron who was shaking his head. Klarissa looked once more at the house before she put her goggles on and followed the Priests and Priestess away. She had no idea what would be coming though. Something that would make her question everything she'd ever known. Read and Review[Chapter 2] Author's Note: Sorry for how long it's been. I just got wrapped up. Flashbacks will be in italics. Thank you to everyone who has reviewed. Disclaimer: I only own Cameron and his family. If you recognize it I don't own it. It had been a stupid idea but she had wanted to catch a glimpse of her father. Catherine had just wanted to get away. She had twenty-three while Catherine was eighteen. We were walking to where dad's room was in his building. When she knocked on the door she hadn't expected it to be opened by someone else. He was somewhere in the six foot range. He had short black hair, hazel eyes, and the Priest tattoo. She was taken aback. \" We were just looking for Cameron.\" Catherine said. She looked back at Catherine and saw the look in Catherine's eyes. \" Klarissa you shouldn't look at your sister like.\" He said. Klarissa's head snapped back to him and staggered back against the wall. She took another look at Catherine and instead of being eighteen year old Catherine it was twenty-four year old Catherine. She had a feeling she was looking like herself. The man now had gold eyes. When Klarissa reached a hand back to take Catherine's she felt it unusually cold. She risked one look at her sister and a cry lodged in her throat. Catherine's neck had been ripped open and there was a vacant look in her green eyes. Klarissa dropped her sisters and she started to reach for the knife strapped to her thigh. It wasn't there. The man pressed her to the wall and picked up a lock of her hair. \" Soon.\" He whispered. Klarissa jolted awake. They had taken residence in one of the buildings in Jericho. She was shivering despite the blanket now pooled in her lap. She looked up and saw her dad watching her. \"What is wrong?\" He asked. Klarissa shook her head. \"Nightmare.\" She whispered before she lay back down. She pulled the blanket up to her chin. She smiled when Joel, the wolf, curled up next to her. He rested his head on her hip. His gold eyes looked into hers. She wiggled her right arm free and stroked his head. She had met the man in her dream but he had hazel eyes. She had heard from her father that he had died the year before she came to him. She shook it off. She didn't think she'd be getting any sleep anytime soon. She closed her eyes. She wasn't afraid of nightmares normally but this one scared her. She didn't know what to think. She opened her eyes again and reached for her knife which was above her head. She pulled it out of her holster. It was a silver blade that was eleven inches in length. At the base of the blade there was an intricate design and in the middle of that design an R was engraved. Her father had always said that this blade had been a friend's. She saw her father watching her. \"Where are we going?\" She whispered. \"Sola Mira.\" He answered. Klarissa's breath hitched. \"That is almost suicide.\" She said. \"We'll see. Now get some sleep Rissy.\" Cameron said. Klarissa rested the blade on the floor next to her and closed her eyes. She hadn't expected to fall asleep. In the morning Klarissa settled her blonde hair around her shoulders as she finished getting ready. She was about to slide the blade back into its holster on her thigh when the hair rose on the back of her neck. She looked around. It was just the four of them. She put the blade into the holster and finished getting ready. Soon they were setting out for Sola Mira. Klarissa could feel the ball of panic in her stomach but she ignored it. They stopped outside it and she let out a small whistle. She'd only ever heard stories. \"Why are we starting here?\" She asked. \"To see if there is a clue as to where they went.\" The Priest answered. Klarissa nodded and they started climbing. When they reached the entrance she looked at the three people she was traveling. She could read the tension in their shoulders. Something had happened here. She just wasn't brave enough to ask. They walked in. Cameron had taken the back with Klarissa and the Priestess in the middle while the other Priest took the front. Klarissa had never had a panic attack but she was worried. Something wasn't right. She pulled her knife out of the holster and held it in front of her. Cameron saw the tension in his daughter's shoulders and he was wondering what had caused it. He wanted to comfort her but they had reached the cavernous ante chamber. Cameron saw the figure standing in the center and his heart jumped to his throat. It couldn't be. They spread out along the lip. Cameron exchanged looks with the Priestess and the Priest. He wasn't sure they had been telling the truth when they had said it. He looked at his daughter and saw the steely set to her shoulders. He could almost see the wheels turning. They looked at each other and jumped down. Cameron had turned to look at his daughter's landing but found she was already standing at her full height. Cameron barely had time to stretch to his full 6'5'' height before they were surrounded by vampires. His battle instincts kicked in and he moved to defend himself. Klarissa had been taken aback for a few seconds before she let her reflexes take control. She went with both her blade and the glaive. She was taking a good few out before she felt a presence at her back. She whirled with her knife in position to cut. She froze with the blade positioned at his heart. It was the man from the dream. Only with a hat. \"Little Klarissa my how you've grown.\" He said. She whirled away from him and turned her attention back to the vampires. She didn't know what was going on but she needed to keep focused. She wished she knew what was going on. She was doing her best but it apparently wasn't good enough. She was knocked to the ground and before she could roll around or get to her feet she felt something hit her on the back of her head and the world went black. Cameron had seen his daughter go down but he couldn't worry about that now. He finished off the two vampires in front of him and started toward her but stopped. He looked at the Priest and Priestess. The vampires were dead at their feet. \"Put her down.\" Cameron growled. Black Hat had picked up his daughter and had her thrown over his shoulder. \"You'll have to find her.\" He said as he turned to walk away. \"Give her back.\" Cameron growled as he took a step forward. Dagger poised in his hand for him to throw it. \"Brother, let it be.\" The Priestess said as she rested a hand on his chest. Cameron looked away. \"By the way brother you other daughter tasted so sweet.\" Black Hat said with a smile. Cameron inhaled and moved to take another step forward. \"Don't worry your son and that other little girl are still alive.\" Black Hat finished. Cameron ground his teeth. Black Hat chuckled as he walked away. When he disappeared Cameron turned to the Priestess. \"Why did you stop me?\" He asked. \"We can find them. The animals your daughter kept know her scent.\" She replied. Cameron nodded his head and they turned to leave. \"I'll find you I promise.\" Cameron whispered.[Chapter 3] Author's Note: We're back. Will Cameron be able to find where Klarissa and the kids went? Will Klarissa be able to protect herself and the kids? Flashbacks will be in italics. Thank you to everyone who has reviewed. Disclaimer: I only own Cameron and his family. If you recognize it I don't own it. She awoke with her fingertips feeling silk and crying and screaming in her ears. She jolted awake and looked around. She was in a king sized canopy bed. The deep red curtains were pulled back so she could see around her. The covers were silk. She didn't have silk sheets. She looked around and saw Jenny and Joseph sitting on the floor at the foot of the bed. The last few minutes of consciousness flooded back to her. Jenny looked up and got onto the bed and wrapped her arms around Klarissa's neck. Klarissa stroked Jenny's hair. \"What is wrong?\" Klarissa asked. Before Jenny could answer the door opened. Jenny scooted off of the bed and sat on the floor by Joseph. It was the movement of black that Klarissa realized that Bartholomew was here. She looked at the man who strode into the room. She tensed. It was the man from Sola Mira and from her memory. He held her silver blade in his hands. \"I'd given this to Cameron. I just had no idea he'd give this to his daughter.\" He said. Klarissa slipped out of bed. She was glad that she was still dressed. She reached behind her but withheld the curse when she found her glaive had been taken. \"What are they doing here?\" She asked as she took a step toward him. Her heels echoing on the wood floor. \"Klarissa you've grown up. It wasn't that hard to find where you lived. I must admit your half-sister fought admirably. Though once she realized who I was and she let her feelings take over all was lost. She was shocked at first but once I started drinking her blood it all disappeared. She died happily. It wasn't hard to find your brother and niece from their heartbeats.\" He replied. Klarissa staggered back. Had she seen her sister's own death? She looked at Jenny and Joseph and took the steps necessary until she was standing face to face with him. Sadly he was taller. That ruined the effect. \"What are we doing here?\" She asked. \"All will be revealed in due time.\" He answered. Klarissa growled and stepped back. \"Don't try to fight. I wouldn't want to drain your family.\" He said. Klarissa looked away. \"Someone will bring you all food later.\" He said as he turned and left. Once the door was closed Klarissa looked at the window. There was sunshine out. It didn't make any sense to her. If he had drained Catherine did that make him a vampire? Everything she knew was coming undone. She sat on the edge of the bed. Jenny picked Joseph up and put him on the bed before crawling into the bed herself. Joseph laid his head in his sister's lap and Jenny rested against her. \"I'm sorry I couldn't be there to protect you.\" She whispered as she stroked Joseph's hair. The black locks curing around her fingers. \"I'll do better I promise.\" She promised as she kissed Jenny's forehead. ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~Elsewhere~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ Cameron stood outside the house he had built. He didn't want to come back. Not until he could put his family back inside it but the Priestess and Priest had said they should come back. He walked in and saw the carnage. Catherine's body lay on the floor. He knelt down by his daughter's body. Her neck was savaged. \"My baby.\" He whispered. \"Was she yours?\" The Priestess asked. \"No, but she may as well have been.\" Cameron answered. He looked up when the mountain lion whined. \"Genève what is wrong?\" Cameron asked. Genève pawed the trap door that was opened. Cameron took a few steps and looked down and let out a small curse. This is where they were supposed to hide in case of vampire attacks. He saw the blood on the top step. He was hoping that was Catherine's blood and not from Joseph or Jenny. He sighed and went to go find the shovel. He didn't want to bury his little girl without a coffin but it was turning out that way. He walked back into the living room to find the Priestess had wrapped Catherine in a blanket. Cameron nodded his head at her and went outside to start digging a grave. He hadn't been there to dig his wife's grave but he never wanted to bury a child. Once the grave was finished they put Catherine's body in and covered it back up. Once that was done they said a small prayer. \"Where should we start?\" Cameron asked. \"Follow their noses.\" The priest said with a nod to Genève, Joel, and Amy. Cameron moved toward the animals and crouched down in front of them. \"Can you find Klarissa?\" Cameron asked. Amy a slim little bobcat bobbed her head in agreement. Cameron looked to the sun and noticed how low it was. \"Should we start in the morning?\" Cameron asked. \"Yes.\" The Priest said as they walked back into the house. Cameron went toward his daughter's room and lay on the bed and pulled one of his daughter's pillows to him. \"I'll find you. I just don't know when.\" Cameron whispered. ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~Klarissa/Jenny/Joseph~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ Klarissa lay curled on her side holding her cheek. Her mother had just backhanded her again. It had been for something mundane and stupid. Klarissa stood up and before she could fire back at her mom like she had in her memory her mother lay dead at her feet. Blood dripping from her neck. Klarissa's eyes widened as she stepped back. She bumped into a male body behind her. She whirled around and the cry stuck in her throat. She wasn't used to terror but her face clearly read it. He wrapped a hand into her blonde hair. \" Klarissa. You shouldn't be afraid.\" He whispered as he brought his face down. It was millimeters from her lips when he yanked her hair causing her head to snap back. His lips connected with her throat and she started fighting. She landed a few blows before someone hit her in the back. She turned around to see Jenny behind her. \"Wake up Aunty Klarissa.\" She said. Klarissa jolted awake and looked at Jenny. She was sitting in front of her. \"You were having a nightmare.\" Jenny said. As a reflex Klarissa brought both hands to her neck and released a breath when she didn't find puncture wounds. Klarissa touched Jenny's face. She looked closely at Jenny's hair. \"Jenny are you hurt?\" Klarissa asked. \"I just hit my head is all.\" Jenny replied. Klarissa sighed and kissed Jenny on the forehead. She looked over at Joseph who was still out like a light. \"Aunty Klarissa I'm hungry.\" Jenny whispered. \"I know baby. Hopefully food will come soon.\" Klarissa said. As if on cue a familiar walked into the room with a tray of food. The familiar didn't say anything but just put the food on the table and left. Klarissa stood up and went to get the food. She brought the tray back to the bed and set it on the bed. Jenny looked at Klarissa. \"Go ahead.\" Klarissa said. Jenny started eating quietly. Klarissa noticed the small cup of milk and a plate of food specifically for Joseph. Klarissa was debating whether or not to wake up her brother when he woke up. His cerulean blue eyes with green-gold rings around the outside widened. He looked like he was about to be in tears. She picked Joseph up and set him in her lap. \"Sh. I'm here.\" Klarissa whispered as she stroked his black hair. She handed him the cup of milk. Joseph took it and started drinking. \"Aren't you going to eat Aunty Klarissa?\" Jenny asked. \"Once you guys are taken care of.\" Klarissa whispered. She took Joseph's cup and gave him a fork while she held his plate. Joseph ate quietly. Klarissa never wanted this for them. Especially if it traumatized them. She wanted something more substantial then the daggers in boots and her heels themselves to fight with. Jenny finished eating and curled up in the middle of the bed. Klarissa heard the door open and her head jerked toward the door. Bartholomew growled and stood so he was in front of Klarissa. Klarissa set Joseph on the bed before she stretched lazily to her feet. \"Would you care to explain why we're here?\" Klarissa asked. \"In due time.\" He said. Klarissa heard the whimper from Joseph as the man stepped forward. \"What does that all mean? Better yet what am I supposed to call you?\" Klarissa asked as she took a step forward to keep him from reaching the bed. Bartholomew moved with her; his ears lowered and his lips curled to show his teeth. \"I'll explain everything to you later. They call me Black Hat. I figured you'd want something to change into.\" Black Hat said. He held a dress out to her. Klarissa resisted the urge to sneer. Her in a dress was a ridiculous notion. He tossed the dress at her and she caught it. \"Also I figure you'd want this.\" He said as he held the knife up and walked over and handed it to her. Klarissa took the knife and looked at it. She was tempted to ask about the R but didn't speak. He wrapped a lock of hair around his finger. \"So strong yet so fragile.\" He whispered before he turned and left. Klarissa looked at the bed and saw Joseph asleep on the bed. \"Keep an eye on them.\" Klarissa whispered as she disappeared into the bathroom. She slipped out of her clothes and into the dress. She slipped the knife into her right boot before she left. She already hated the dress. The bodice was tight fitting and the lower half of dress was full. She walked back out and saw the kids asleep in the middle of the bed curled around each other. Klarissa sat on the edge of the bed and started to eat some food. She moved the tray to a table. She went back to the bed and lay down. She wrapped herself around Joseph and Jenny in an attempt to let them know there was still someone to care for them. She felt Bartholomew get onto the bed and curled on the other side of the kids. This was how she felt asleep.[Chapter 4] Author's Note: Instincts take over and Klarissa defends what is hers. Cameron hopes to get closer. Flashbacks will be in italics. Disclaimer: I only own Cameron and his family. If you recognize it I don't own it. Klarissa jolted awake with screaming and growling filling her ears. She was out of bed knife drawn without a second thought. She tapped the heel of her left shoe twice on the hardwood floor. She brought it up and sliced through the throat of the familiar. She started toward another familiar until someone opened the door. \"Enough.\" He said. Klarissa was still working off of instinct so when the voice spoke she rounded and got ready to level him with the knife to the heart when someone grabbed her around the neck. Her eyes widened and she stilled. \"What is going on?\" Black Hat asked. \"We were just doing you what you told us. She overreacted.\" The remaining familiar said. Klarissa closed her eyes and tried to focus her breathing so she wouldn't hyperventilate. The hand eased from around her neck until it disappeared. She opened her eyes and knelt down by Bartholomew. Bartholomew had wrapped himself protectively around Jenny. Klarissa raised her eyes until she saw the other familiar holding Joseph. \"Give him back.\" She whispered. \"Now now Klarissa you've killed one of the familiars that wasn't very nice.\" Black Hat said. \"It was on reflex. They threatened my family.\" Klarissa said. She stood up and tapped her left heel on the floor twice. \"I should have known that you would have hidden weapons.\" Black Hat said. \"I know what it takes to be a Priestess.\" Klarissa said. Black Hat chuckled and turned to the familiar. \"Take them out of here. I want to speak with Klarissa alone.\" Black Hat said. \"You'll have to take them over my dead body.\" Klarissa said. Black Hat leveled her with a glare before the familiar holding Joseph left. Another two came in. One grabbed Jenny and the other attempted to get Bartholomew out of the room. Klarissa felt her heart pick up. She didn't like this. She watched as another familiar came in to take away the corpse she had left. Once the two were in the room alone Klarissa took a step back. \"There isn't a need to be worried.\" Black Hat said as he closed the distance between the two. \"Really I find that hard to believe.\" Klarissa said. Black Hat showed his teeth. She couldn't help when her breath hitched. She hadn't realized they were walking backward until her knees hit the side of the bed. Klarissa took her eyes off of Black Hat. Her head jerked until she was looking at the bed. Her heart upped its pace. \"Don't worry Klarissa.\" He whispered in her ear as he picked her up and put her on the bed. When he pressed his body to her she broke from her trance. She wiggled her hand free and managed to scratch him with the knife. He hissed. \"That wasn't very nice.\" He said as he took the knife from her. He put it on the dresser and slides it across the surface until she couldn't reach it. \"What is the point of any of this?\" She asked. \"There's a whole new world you could be a part of Klarissa. Especially if I'm guiding you.\" He answered. He had given her just a little bit of space by still resting on his hands. Klarissa hadn't understood it and was disconcerting. Any protest she could of voice was silenced. \"Just a little taste to start off.\" He whispered as he lowered his body until he pressed against her. He pressed his face against her neck and she felt the fangs slid into her skin. Every muscle in her body tense until she relaxed. ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~Cameron's POV~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ Cameron, the Priestess, and Priest stood once again in Sola Mira. He could help but feel the same foreboding feeling that he had felt the first time they had come here. They had lost people. He had just never expected to see his brother again so soon. Especially when he took his Klarissa. They were standing where they had fought. Amy, Joel, and Genève had their noses pressed to the ground as they tried to catch Klarissa's scent. \" Klarissa you're doing it wrong.\" Cameron said as he corrected his daughter's form. Klarissa looked at him. \" You've been going off of instinct for far too long.\" Cameron said. \" It's all I've known. I just want to defend them to the best of my ability.\" Klarissa said. Her blonde hair was pulled into a ponytail. It was the first time Cameron had seen the cross tattoo on the back of her neck. \" Klarissa. Why did you get it?\" Cameron asked. \" To remind myself that I'm not normal. It is who I am.\" Klarissa answered. Cameron chuckled and shook his head. He moved until he was in front of her. He smiled at her. \" You're Klarissa. You're always be special. I've got something for you. It was a gift from a friend.\" Cameron said as he went to the wooden box he kept closed by his bed. Klarissa sank to the floor and looked at the sleeping form of Joseph on her father's bed. Catherine and Jennifer were staying inside of town. It was the only way to keep them safe. Cameron brought the knife over to her. It had a silver blade that was eleven inches in length. At the base of the blade there was an intricate design and in the middle of that design an R was engraved. The hilt was silver and had the usual T shape that most blades had. At the top of the hilt by the blade was a cross. \" You'll probably forget this but the R is for his name. We called him Raphael when we were just by ourselves. Sort of like they called me Cameron.\" Cameron said. Klarissa looked up at her father as she took the blade. It was heavier than her usual silver dagger she had. \" Thank you.\" Klarissa whispered. \" Carry it well Rissa. He died last year.\" Cameron said. Klarissa looked down at the blade. \" Get some sleep. We can continue this tomorrow.\" Cameron said. Klarissa nodded her head. Cameron was jolted out of his memory when Joel almost bowled him over. Amy and Genève were in much the same position. \"They've got it.\" Cameron said. \"Let's go get your daughter then.\" Priest said. Cameron nodded to Joel and they took them through deeper tunnels. ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~Klarissa~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ One word rattled around in her mind. She didn't know what possessed her to say it but she did. \"Raphael.\" She whispered. She felt the lips on her neck curve into a smile before the world went black again.[Chapter 5] Author's Note: Klarissa gives herself to keep her family safe. Cameron is given his family back in pieces. Flashbacks will be in italics. Thanks to everyone who reviewed. Disclaimer: I only own Cameron and his family. If you recognize it I don't own it. Klarissa awoke with Jenny shaking her shoulders. Klarissa looked out the window to see the sun was up. Yesterday it had been sunset when she passed out. Klarissa checked both Jenny and Joseph for wounds on their necks satisfied she saw none she got out of bed. She walked toward the window and was surprised to see it was unlocked. Klarissa slid the window and looked up seeing the ledge overhanging the roof. \"Bartholomew up on the roof.\" Klarissa said. Bartholomew padded up to her and looked up; he commenced to bunch his muscles and smoothly hop up. \"Jenny bring me Joseph.\" Klarissa said. Jenny tottered over with Joseph in her arms. Klarissa picked up her brother and leaned out the window until she could pass him up to Bartholomew safely. She went back inside and grabbed Jenny. \"Stay there. I'll be up in a second.\" Klarissa said as she passed her out the window. Klarissa walked into the room and got changed into her old clothes. She slid the dagger into its holster and after some looking found her stormedge glaives. She had put them back at her lower back and walked to the window. She perched on the window sill and turned around until she could grip the ledge of the roof with the palms of her hands facing the inside. From there she pulled herself up until she was on the roof. She knelt there for a second still feeling the blood loss. She was just a little bit dizzy. She stood and froze. Black Hat was in front of Bartholomew, who was standing in front of Jenny and Joseph ready to attack. Klarissa groaned. \"I can't seem to catch a break with you can I? Don't you ever sleep?\" Klarissa asked. She could feel the sun on her skin. \"Who could sleep with a Priestess so close? You could try to kill us in our sleep.\" He answered. Klarissa rolled her eyes. \"You're not accomplishing anything here by keeping us. Please just let us leave. It'll save you from the death of all these vampires when my father arrives.\" Klarissa stated. \"That would ruin all the fun. Besides you can't fight me off. You're like a newborn kitten.\" Black Hat said. Klarissa stiffened at that. She didn't like people insulting her. She was walking toward him when an idea hit her. She stopped when she was mere inches from him. She pushed herself up on tip toe and leaned closer to him. \"I'll give you what you want.\" She purred. She had rested a hand on his chest so she didn't lose balance and felt him stiffen for two seconds before he relaxed. \"And what do I want?\" He asked. \"Me.\" She started. She had pulled back so she could look into the gold eyes that had almost come to haunt her nightmares. He said nothing but turned away and started walking across the roof. \"On one condition.\" Klarissa called to his back. He said nothing but stopped and turned toward her. \"Let them go safely. Let them go back to my father.\" Klarissa said as she gestured to Bartholomew, Jenny, and Joseph. He didn't answer but made a gesture and it was the first time Klarissa had seen the little building with the door which would lead them back inside. Klarissa watched as a familiar opened the door and started toward her. She knelt down quickly. \"Go quietly. I'm getting you out of here and to grandpa.\" Klarissa whispered as she kissed both Jenny and Joseph's foreheads. She gave Bartholomew a look that conveyed he needed to keep them safe. She stood and looked at the familiar as he took them away. Klarissa felt a little piece of her heart break. Off of reflex she crossed herself and sent a small prayer of protection up for them. She hadn't realized that he was watching her until he laughed. Klarissa's head snapped toward him. \"I never pictured you as being one so devout. Considering your mother was paid for her services.\" He said. Klarissa gritted her teeth. \"Don't speak bad about my mother.\" She whispered. It drew another laugh from him. \"I used to be just like you. Then I was shown the actual light.\" He said. Klarissa resisted the urge to roll her eyes and followed after him. She didn't want to think about what she had just done. She needed to keep thinking that it was about her family. She'd ask for forgiveness later. ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~Cameron's POV~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ We weren't any closer to Klarissa, Jenny, or Joseph. They'd stopped though. Joel, Amy, and Genève needed to rest. Cameron ran his fingers through Joel's coarse fur. Joel was a Canadian Timber Wolf. Joel whimpered and looked up at Cameron with almost sorrow in his gold eyes. \"We'll find her.\" Cameron whispered. Cameron looked outside. He'd taken the first watch when they'd chosen to rest in the cave. He didn't know how much farther it would be until they reached his children, but it was dark outside. The sound of a bike had Cameron and Joel looking into the night. Joel growled and stood up. Cameron didn't need words to realize that something was wrong. Cameron stood and followed Joel outside of the cave. Joel was about to leap at the bike when a warning growl cut Joel off. His muscles relaxed and Joel gave a happy bark and bounded toward the bike. Cameron watched as Joel playfully pounced at a black shape. \"Joel.\" Cameron snapped. Joel tilted his head to the side before he ducked his head and grabbed something with his teeth. Cameron was about to reprimand him again when a voice stopped him. \"Puppy!\" a voice cried. Cameron tensed. It sounded like Jenny's voice. Joel walked forward with Jenny clinging to his neck and the back of Joseph's clothes between his teeth. Bartholomew followed Joel into the light. Only when they were closer did he realize he couldn't hear the bike anymore. Cameron led them back into the cave. He saw that his absence had woken his brother and sister. \"Your daughter out there?\" He asked. \"No.\" Cameron answered as he sat back down by the fire. Joel had released Joseph and Jenny had let go of his neck to go over to Amy and Genève. \"You two go find her. I'll stay here with Joseph and Jenny.\" The Priestess said. Cameron started to shake his head but caught her look. \"We'll try in the morning.\" Cameron said as he settled by the fire to watch. Joel once again rested his head in Cameron's lap. ","Summary":" Author's Note: I saw this and I loved it. So here is my take and my ideas. I also gave the Priest a"},{"Movie":"Stay Alive","Title":"I Want To Live","Author":"smilesXhugs","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7637610","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I walked out of the airport and into the grey afternoon sky with a heavy heart. Today had not been a good day, and it was going to get worse from here. My older brother Loomis had just passed away recently. It took a while for the news to get to me and my dad, and that was just the day before yesterday. Today was the funeral, so naturally I rushed down here, to the town where I was born, but never got the chance to grow up in. Dad never really was a father to Loomis, and after him and my mom split after my little sister Emma was born, I went with dad and Lumis stayed with mom to help her take care of Emma. I haven't seen Emma since she was two, but I've kept in touch with her on the phone and we've skyped a couple times. I set my heavy luggage down on the sidewalk and sat on my suitcase. I sighed contently and ran my fingers through my layers of straight brown hair. Dad never liked my hair, said it was too emo. It wasn't. Dad is just really old fashioned and not really in tune with what's hip these days. I liked my hair. It reached all the way down to the middle of my back, and my side swept bangs were just short enough that they didn't cover one of my emerald green eyes. I felt my phone buzz in my jean pocket and I fished it out. I looked at the screen and the name Hutch flashed across it. I sighed again and pressed the green button. \"Hello?\" \"Hey, uh… is this Heather?\" a young man's voice asked. \"Yep, and you are Hutch?\" I asked back. \"Yeah. I'm in the parking lot. Do you need help with your stuff?\" his voice seemed heavy with sadness. No doubt. I've heard a lot about him from the times I've talked to Loomis, and I could tell that he was his best friend. \"Nah, I'm fine. I'll catch ya at the car.\" I answered. Then I hung up. Usually I say goodbye or something, but I didn't this time. I almost feel guilty when I don't say bye on the phone. I reached the little dark blue car and saw a handsome guy step out when he saw me. He smiled sympathetically at me and didn't hesitate to give me a hug. \"I'm so sorry about your brother, Heather.\" Hutch whispered. I closed my eyes. \"I'm sorry too…\" I stepped back and looked up at him. \"You and Loomis were really close?\" \"Yeah, we were.\" Hutch answered, frowning and looking down at the asphalt. The memory obviously bothered him. He cleared his throat. \"Uh, the funeral starts at two. Do you need to change?\" I looked down as he gestured at my dark skinny jeans and white lulu lemon hoody. \"Nah, I don't really do formal wear. I know it's a respect thing and all, but the whole wear black thing isn't really me. It doesn't matter what I wear anyways.\" Hutch smirked and picked up my suitcase and put it in the back of the car. I tossed the rest of my stuff in the back seat and sat in the passenger side. Hutch slipped back behind the wheel and soon we were heading down the highway. \"When was the last time you saw Loomis?\" Hutch asked. I shrugged. \"Last year, at my high school graduation.\" Then I laughed a bit. \"He gave me this sick game as a present way before it was even legalized. Like Call of Duty, but waaaay better.\" Hutch smirked. \"You're a gamer?\" \"Uh huh.\" I replied smugly, leaning back in the seat some more. I looked over at Hutch and noticed he was watching me. \"What?\" \"You're a pretty positive person, despite the funeral and all.\" Hutch pointed out, like he didn't know what to think about it. I shrugged. \"I'm not afraid of dying, or of Loomis dying. I'm sure he's in heaven now. Sure, it sucks that he's not around anymore, but the memories of him that I have are all good ones.\" Hutch blinked and went back to watching the road. \"That's a… nice way to look at things.\" I just smiled, but said nothing, and we fell into a comfortable silence for the rest of the drive over. When we arrived at the funeral my eyes automatically welled up with tears. I looked down the small pathway between the chairs that led to my brother's coffin. I had to look away, trying to force myself not to start balling. Sure, I seemed fine in the car, but I'm just not mopey every second of the day, even when something terrible happens. I don't know why I'm like that. Maybe I'm a terrible person for it… I don't know. \"You ok?\" Hutch asked. \"Yeah, I'm fine. I'll see you after.\" I shook my head and went to find a seat among the large group of people gathering for the ceremony. The ceremony was brief, thankfully. There was plenty of praise for Loomis. He was obviously a popular guy. Soon everybody started to disperse, some leaving and some stayed behind to talk to the family. I knew my mom and Emma would be around somewhere. As I walked around to try and find Emma, I spotted Hutch talking to a pretty little blond girl. I don't know why, but I vaguely remembered her. I approached them and finally realised that she was a friend, more acquaintance, of Loomis, and Sarah, who I've met a couple times. I couldn't place a name to her face though. \"Hey, Heather. How are you doing?\" Hutch asked when he noticed me, leaning down to give me another hug. \"I've had better days.\" I replied. Hutch smiled softly and gestured to the blond. \"This is Abigail. Abigail this is Loomis' sister, Heather.\" Abigail gasped a bit. \"Oh yeah! I remember you.\" \"Same.\" I smiled. \"Uh, hey Heather, you know you just missed Emma. She went over there.\" Hutch pointed. \"Really?\" I turned my head and sure enough I saw a little girl of no more than fourteen talking to a couple of older people. \"Thanks Hutch. I'll be a minute.\" I ran up behind Emma, excited to see her. I tapped her shoulder and she spun around. Her eyes grew wide when she laid eyes on me. \"Hey!\" I cheered, holding my arms out. \"Oh my God!\" Emma squealed, practically knocking us both to the ground. \"Heather! You're really here!\" \"Yeah. I'm sorry I couldn't have visited you sooner, under better circumstances too.\" I muttered, feeling a little guilty. \"It's ok, I'm glad you are here.\" Emma smiled weakly. Her eyes were puffy from crying and I felt even guiltier that I hadn't been crying as much as her. We sat down and got talking, catching up on the latest stuff. A good half hour passed before we were interrupted. \"Heather.\" I looked up to see my mom standing over us. She was looking down at me with a scowl clear on her face. She had always been a bit sour about me choosing to live with dad, even though I was only seven at the time. We talked a little bit, but eventually I stopped talking to her. \"Hi mom.\" \"You finally had the decency to come visit your family after all this time. Too bad your brother had to die for that to happen.\" Mom spat bitterly. Then she added sarcastically. \"Your father couldn't make it? That's just unfortunate.\" I stood up and faced her with confidence. \"I can't believe you would do this at your own kid's funeral of all places, Barbra .\" I called her by her name, mostly to piss her off. \"I am going to be the adult here and walk away before things go where you really don't want them to go.\" \"Heather…\" Emma called sadly as I started to leave. I looked over my shoulder and smiled. \"Don't worry, Em. We'll definitely have to hang out while I'm here. I'll call you, alright.\" Emma nodded and I turned to leave. I walked swiftly to the car, where I saw Hutch waiting for me, leaning on the bonnet of it. \"So, do you need help carrying your stuff to your mom's car?\" Hutch asked. I walked right passed him and plopped myself down into the passenger seat and slammed the door shut. I crossed my arms and huffed in frustration, not saying a word as Hutch got behind the wheel. He stared at me for a moment, trying to comprehend the situation, not really wanting to make me say anything. I must have looked like I had fire in my eyes. At last, thankfully, he just put the car into drive and pulled out of the parking lot. \"Don't worry about it, Heather. It could be worse.\" \"Yeah.\" I replied sarcastically. I knew he was right though. Still, there was the little predicament of where I was going to stay for the time that I was here for. \"I'll tell you what.\" Hutch said. \"My place is… inadequate for you to live in right now, but I'm sure my friends will let you stay with them. They're good people.\" I smiled with relief and finally let my hair out of the ponytail. \"Thanks Hutch.\" At least I have one less thing to worry about. ","Summary":" I walked out of the airport and into the grey afternoon sky with a heavy heart. Today had not been "},{"Movie":"Stay Alive","Title":"The Cat in the Well","Author":"lovespellz1151","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6430946","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Sunny Jenson 01-30-09 English III CP Period 5 The Cat in the Well It was a dark night, and the stench of decaying trees filled air around Mr. Reynolds plantation. One would think that this forest was lifeless; however, the sounds of crickets and other larger insects feeding on their prey discredited that theory. Mr. Reynolds is a farmer that owns the plantation. His dwelling sits high above on a hill over looking the grotesquely gnarled trees. He was considered a recluse, other than the times he would bring in his potatoes that he harvested; today was different. Mr. Reynolds was looking for a farm hand, to help around the plantation. \"Well, young lad, this will be part of your job. You will have to come to the well and get water for the crops. I know it's a bit dark, maybe a little creepy, but the job needs to be done.\" As they walked briskly to the old rickety well, Mr. Reynolds addressed the young farm hand sternly. \"Have you heard the old story people would always say about this well?\" He asked. The strange, young, sickly looking boy, shook his head wincing at the closeness of the odd farmer. \"Ahh Lad, you don't talk much do yah? No, you don't.\" Approaching the well, the old farmer begins to tell the terrifying story while showing the boy how to retrieve water. \"It was long ago, when a young boy went to the well to play. He had rosy cheeks and a shy smile. He walked up to the well and slowly crept over it. All he saw was darkness. As he pried on the rope, a bucket popped up with a screeching cat jumping out at whim.\" Mr. Reynolds was trying to frighten the lad by acting out the scene for him. Mr. Reynolds creeps over the well and notices nothing but darkness, and he too pulls the rope. He begins to tense up his arms and legs as the bucket slowly appears above the rubble of rocks. It is so quite that you can hear both hearts synching together in the darkness. He hopes that this time his story isn't true, and the cat was just a fictional story the children would tell each other just for fun. But he didn't want to show the lad any weakness. Peering over the bucket, he notices nothing in the inside, but left over stagnate water and takes a deep breath of comfort. Mr. Reynolds too was scared the cat would take something from him, because of how he believed in the children's story. The farmer took a step back glancing at the young boy now looking bored and slightly annoyed with the old man's tall tales. Mr. Reynolds continued, with his story starring intently at the well. \"As the cat jumped out at the boy, he purred manipulatively, drawing the boy closer to him. As the boy approached, he saw that this was no ordinary cat.\" The farmer, Mr. Reynolds, is still explaining with his own thrill of excitement. \"The boy notices that the cat has hands and arms of a human, not paws of its own kind. But he looks so completely innocent, so the boy creeps very slowly to the cat with his hands extended. Before the boy could blink, the cat devours his face.\" Mr. Reynolds says as he covers his face with his hands. \"The boy lied there on the ground next to the well, and his face was no longer there, with his fascia tissue exposed to the stench filled air.\" He says. There were no facial features of any kind, just a flat surface of skin. \"You could see the boys face on the cat. And so year after year, the cat makes his attempt to devour some part of every person who walks by, in order to become a person. Isn't that frightening lad?\" He asks. Looking back at the farmer, the skinny young lad slightly turns his head. \"Well Lad, the only thing the cat like man hasn't taken,\" Mr. Reynolds suddenly stopped talking. BAM! Mr. Reynolds hits the ground gasping for words, for he could not explain what had suddenly happened. Suddenly the creepy young lad speaks, \"You mean a voice?\" ","Summary":" Sunny Jenson 01-30-09 English III CP Period 5 The Cat in the Well It was a dark night, and the sten"},{"Movie":"Snowpiercer","Title":"Paradise","Author":"Animegirl1129","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11016819","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Paradise Just saw the movie like last week and needed something happier than the movie's ending, and so this happened... It'll probably have some more parts. First try at Snowpiercer fic. Characters are not mine, please enjoy! Comments are awesome. Curtis wakes up, rather surprised to have woken up at all, and finds that he's surrounded by so many things he'd never thought he'd ever experience again, things he hasn't felt, heard, seen or smelled in nearly two decades. There are birds chirping happily nearby, the tinny sound muted by glass. There's the smell of breakfast cooking, pancakes, he thinks, and bacon - coffee, maybe? There's a bed, a warm and comfortable bed, beneath him, with worn, soft flannel sheets and thick blankets pulled up to his chin, and for the first time in eighteen years, there isn't a lingering chill in the air. It's perfect. But, he doesn't open his eyes, because he knows it isn't real. It can't be real. There's no way he survived the explosion. With any luck, Yona and Timmy did, maybe some of the others on board, but even that seems unlikely, and it's even more improbable that they'll make it more than a day or two out in the arctic wasteland outside, even if it does prove to be livable. He flexes his hands and is surprised to find that he has two again, when he should only have one. Finds that the cuts and bruises and breaks he gained in the rebellion no longer trouble him, nor do any of the old aches and pains that came with tail-section life. Definitely not real, then. A dream, one last dream of a man slowly dying in the burning remnants of the train, half-buried under an avalanche of ice and snow. Not. Real. \"You gonna sleep the whole day away, are ya?\" A nightmare, then, he thinks. Not even a dream, but a torturous reminder of what he lost fighting his way to the front of the damned train. That voice, it can't really be here; he doesn't even deserve to imagine hearing it again, not after what he did to its owner. \"Curtis, get up,\" the voice comes again, the bed dipping at his side as if someone were climbing all over it. \"There's food, real food, and you should eat somethin',\" this Not-Edgar tries to persuade him. \"C'mon, I know you're awake. I slept under you for almost all of my life, I know when you're really asleep.\" Except he's not asleep. He's dead, or dying, and this is... this isn't real. \"Curtis!\" A hand pulls away the blankets with such force that he opens his eyes in surprise and... and... and... \"Edgar?\" \"Were you expecting someone else?\" Curtis sits up slowly, can't take his eyes off of him, can't even blink because Edgar is fucking sitting in front of him like it's no big deal, like Curtis hadn't let him die. He pulls the kid into a bone crushing hug, doesn't let go, doesn't ever want to let go because out of everyone he lost on the damn train - Gilliam and Tanya and Andrew and Andy and Grey and Minsu, all of those people in the tail section that had died because of him and his stupid revolution - out of all of them, losing Edgar had been the worst. He reaches out, a hand sliding over Edgar's face, curling into his hair, \"Is this real?\" He asks, his voice quiet and catching on the words because he's still not sure and he doesn't know if he could take losing Edgar again. \"You tell me,\" Edgar answers, eyes locked with Curtis's, \"This look like the train to you?\" And finally Curtis tears his eyes away from Edgar long enough to look around the room - and it is a room, not a car on the damned train. A room, with walls and windows and floors, a room like any bedroom might have looked like Before the freeze, with a bed and a dresser full of clothes and books on a nightstand. There's a window, a tree with the first signs of fresh, green leaves on its branches, an early sign of spring, and birds flit by now and again, silhouetted by the brilliant sun. There's a door, half-open, that Edgar must have come in through, a view of a bright hallway through it. He eyes dart back to Edgar, to the lack of old, patched clothes and the comfortable looking pajama pants and faded t-shirt he's wearing - something Edgar's never experienced, that, separate clothes for sleeping. He's out of his usual clothes, too, wearing comfortable, old sweatpants that remind him of his favorite pair in high school. \"No,\" he says, finally. \"No, it doesn't.\" \"Whatever this place is,\" Edgar starts, \"It's as real as anything else.\" Curtis doesn't know what this place is, either - some kind of paradise? some kind of limbo? some kind of trap? something else? He's not sure he cares what it is if he gets to have Edgar back. \"How did I get here? How did you?\" Edgar frowns, drops his gaze to stare down at the blankets. \"I woke up here, after... after the tunnel.\" Curtis swallows hard at the memory that brings to mind. \"Fuck,\" Curtis breathes out, reaching out again, one of his hands squeezing Edgar's, \"I'm sorry, Edgar. I'm so sorry. I should have... Mason wasn't worth it - the whole damn thing wasn't worth it. Turning my back on you...\" \"He would have killed me, either way,\" Edgar says, voice quiet and somber. \"If you had turned back, he still would have stabbed me and Mason would have escaped.\" He wishes he'd let Mason escape, sometimes - trusting Mason had been a mistake, and maybe if they hadn't, they wouldn't have been so easily ambushed on the school car. Going after Mason had been a mistake, one that had cost him Edgar and then so many others on the path of his futile rebellion. \"I don't blame you,\" Edgar tells him, when Curtis' solemn silence has stretched on too long. \"You should.\" Edgar rolls his eyes, \"Well, I don't. I knew what I was getting into when we started the rebellion. I knew I could die, I knew you could die, any of us could have died. Hell, maybe this is what was supposed to happen all along - maybe none of us were supposed to survive.\" Edgar shrugs, gestures vaguely around the room, \"The train was real. But so is this, and this place isn't fucking freezing, so can't we just enjoy it? We've got warm clothes, a nice place to sleep, good food, sunshine, there's a whole world outside - it's everything we were fighting for.\" Curtis can't argue with that, even though a part of him still can't believe this is real. He heaves a sigh of defeat and decides to go with it. \"Alright,\" he agrees, and the doubt he feels falls away when Edgar fucking beams at him. \"Good,\" the kid says, \"Breakfast, then?\" \"Not yet,\" Curtis isn't ready to risk this new reality, quite content for this to be his whole world for a little while longer, \"Just... just do me a favor,\" he says, even though he has no right to ask for one, not from Edgar, of all people. He lifts the blankets in invitation, and Edgar moves without argument, sliding in beside him and settling in, arms and legs entangling. Curtis revels in this, Edgar pressed against his side, head on his shoulder, their bodies warm wherever they touch. \"Just for a little while,\" he promises, holding onto Edgar a little tighter than is necessary. Edgar doesn't seem to be complaining, though. He leans up and claims a long, slow kiss, another in a long list of things Curtis had never thought he'd get to experience again. \"I'm glad you're here,\" Edgar admits. \"Nowhere else I'd rather be.\"[Chapter 2] Paradise Alright, this is Chapter 2, there will be a few more, I think. Making up this afterlife is hard. Characters are not mine, please enjoy! Comments are awesome. The early morning sunlight that had lit the room when Curtis had first woken has drifted into early afternoon sunlight by the time Edgar finally convinces him to get out of bed, that nothing bad will happen if they leave the room. Nonetheless, Curtis is slow to climb out of the bed, half-expecting all of this to disappear with every second, and he keeps one hand on Edgar's shirt - like a child afraid to lose a parent in a crowd - as they leave the room. There's a short hallway, a set of stairs. It reminds him of the house he'd grown up in, a little. That home had never been so welcoming, so bright and peaceful as this one seems to be. The second to last stair creaks when he steps on it, though, just like he remembers, and the stained glass on the front door casts the same shadows that it did before the freeze. His bare feet pad quietly on the linoleum floor of a small kitchen, where Tanya is clearing the table, and Andrew is washing dishes, Andy at his side. \"You're all here, too?\" Tanya greets him with a smile, \"Good to see you're finally up and about. We were starting to worry,\" she says, coming over to hug him. \"There are plates for the two of you keeping warm in the oven, if you're hungry, which I imagine you are.\" Edgar slips away from him, bee-lining to retrieve the duo of plates piled high with pancakes, bacon and eggs. Curtis watches him closely, making sure he doesn't disappear as he claims a seat at the table and dives in. \"Chew your food, boy,\" Tanya chides, \"No one is going to take it from you, not anymore.\" Curtis lets her usher him into another seat, and he obediently sits. The plate in front of him, however, is daunting, and he's got other things on his mind. \"Tanya,\" Curtis starts, not sure how to tell her that while he may have done as he'd promised - saved Timmy - that it means he's not here with them. \"A-about Timmy. He's-\" \"Momma!\" The little boy comes rushing into the kitchen from a door that leads outside, a brand new soccer ball in his arms. \"Will you come and play with me?\" Tanya scoops her son up into her arms with a smile, \"In a little while,\" she promises. Timmy squirms out of his mother's arms and goes to lure Andy into a game while he waits. \"I thought-\" Curtis starts, not sure if he should be crushed that Timmy didn't survive with Yona or relieved that they're together again. There's a hand on his arm, a comforting weight, and she smiles and tells him, \"It's okay.\" \"Is- Did anyone else...\" \"Everyone's here,\" Tanya assures him, \"Yona and her father are around somewhere.\" Yona didn't make it, either, then, he thinks. That really is everyone. \"And Gilliam said he'd get Grey to bring him over later, if you wanted to see him.\" \"Gilliam's here?\" He snaps, suddenly angry. He's still not sure if he believes the story that Wilford told him or not - damn it, is Wilford here, too? - but he's definitely going to get some answers from the old man. He moves to stand, to storm out of this house to wherever Gilliam is and find out the truth, because if Gilliam was working with Wilford then he's the reason that all of them are here. He's the reason Curtis did all of this in the first place, the reason he watched Edgar and Andrew and Tanya and everyone else die. Edgar reaches out, grabs his arm to stop him from rushing off. \"My Mom's here, too,\" he says, and suddenly Curtis isn't thinking about Gilliam at all. \"I haven't seen her yet, but she's... will you come with me?\" Tanya gives him a look and he sinks back into his spot beside Edgar. \"If you want me to,\" he promises. \"I do,\" Edgar answers, hand still curled around Curtis's wrist, like now he's the one who doesn't want to let go. Curtis moves so that Edgar's got hold of his hand, instead, squeezes gently in reassurance, \"Okay,\" he says, \"Whenever you're ready, we'll go.\"[Chapter 3] Paradise Alright, this is Chapter 3, there will be a few more, I think. Making up this afterlife is hard. Characters are not mine (expect the ones that are), please enjoy! Comments are awesome. It's not until later, after Andrew, with Andy, and Tonya, with Timmy, have both left to rejoin their own respectively reunited families that Edgar is finally ready. He'd been stalling before they left - game after game after game with the kids, kicking the ball around the backyard until the sun had started to set. He's not rushing once they're gone, either, dragging Curtis back up to the room he'd woken up in, reveling in a hot shower; he loiters while picking out something to wear (something he's never had to do before because on the train whatever you had you wore until it could no longer be repaired, Curtis thinks, so there's no reason it should take him this long). Finally, he gives Curtis this little nod and makes for the stairs, for the door, and now it is Curtis's turn to freak out because this is happening and he's not sure he can face it. Gilliam had been the one to decide how much of the truth to tell Edgar when he got old enough to ask about his mother. He remembered her, a little. He remembered enough to ask, when he was five or six, where she was. Gilliam had told him, while Curtis had stood aside and tried not to remember. \"Things were bad,\" Gilliam had said, \"When we boarded the train, things were bad. Someone hurt her, but they didn't hurt you. They'd never hurt you,\" Gilliam had said, with a pointed look at Curtis over the boy's shoulder. Edgar had never asked who the someone was. \"I can't do this,\" Curtis says, and he stops. The hand that's been clutching at his for so long now falls away with the momentum and Edgar turns to face him in confusion. Curtis can't blame him. Edgar had followed him to his own death, as he'd led a rebellion with no chance of success, and now he can't follow Edgar for this one thing? \"Why not?\" \"I... I need to tell you something. And it's something I should have told you a long time ago, back when you first asked me what happened to your mother.\" Curtis is geared up for a rambling confession, for begging Edgar to one day maybe possibly consider forgiving him for what he did, for hiding it from him all these years. He's ready to lose Edgar (not ready, expecting, rather?) over this because he can't let Edgar do this without knowing the truth. But Edgar stops him, cuts him off with a quiet, \"I know.\" What? \"I know already. I figured it out a long time ago, Curtis. Why else would they have given me to you to look after? There were plenty of parents on board the train - Tanya, Andrew, others - who could have taken me in, and you were only a kid yourself back then. So why else? Plus, you get this look whenever I mention her like I just punched you in the gut.\" Curtis forgets how to breathe for a long, long moment, just stands there and stares. Edgar's known all this time? He doesn't know everything, he's sure, but he knows enough for now and that's like someone lifting the weight of the train off his chest. \"I'm sorry,\" he says, \"I know that doesn't... doesn't change anything, make up for anything, but I am.\" \"Just come with me,\" Edgar asks, drawing Curtis out the front door. Curtis follows, squeezes lightly on the hand that catches his again. There's a part of him still thinks that this is all a dream, so he's not sure what to expect when he walks outside. The backyard had been green and warm, but outside of that haven, he knows nothing. There's some small part of his brain expecting the frozen wasteland they've spent the last two decades avoiding to be beyond the front door, but there's no snow on the other side, just green grass and a clear, blue sky. It... doesn't really look like anywhere in particular, just like a standard cluster of cookie-cutter houses that, like the house itself, vaguely reminds him of where he'd grown up. He can smell the ocean nearby, too, all the smells of summer in the air. It's nice. Edgar leads them through a maze of neatly arranged neighborhoods, though Curtis has no idea how he knows where he's going. They pass people, strangers, all happy and smiling and content in this weird utopia they all seem to have found. They pass whole families spanning generations, they pass couples, they pass giggling children, they pass an old lady walking a considerable legion of dogs. \"We're here,\" Edgar says, when they've been walking for a good while and it's beginning to get dark. The house they stop in front of looks just like all the others, all vaguely familiar looking but foreign at the same time. This one is on the end of a row of houses. \"This is it.\" Edgar's grip on his hand is painfully strong, now, but Curtis suspects it's only to hide how much he's shaking. They seem to be stalling again, too. \"I'm with you,\" Curtis promises, even though facing her is a more daunting task than facing Wilford ever seemed. Slowly, Edgar edges them closer to the door. He finally makes it that far, and it swings open before he can even raise a hand to knock. \"Edgar,\" a young woman breathes, sweeping him into a crushing hug. \"You've gotten so big!\" \"Mom,\" he chokes out. She drags Edgar inside, ushers Curtis in with a wave and shuts the door behind them before she tackles her son with another long, long, long hug. \"I missed you so much.\" Curtis hovers awkwardly in the background, trying hard not to let his presence here take away from this moment. \"I missed you, too.\" Her eyes land on him, eventually, when she reluctantly releases Edgar from her arms, and there's a glimmer of recognition there, behind her tears. She knows, Curtis thinks, she knows it was him and he dreads what will come next. \"Who's your friend, Edgar?\" She asks. \"Mom, this is Curtis,\" Edgar blurts out, hovering awkwardly in the space between them. \"Curtis, this is my Mom,\" he cuts himself off though, turns to look at her with a deep frown on his face. \"I'm sorry, I don't even know your name,\" he admits, and Curtis feels that stab of guilt twist in his chest again for taking so much away from him. They could have been a real family if he hadn't snatched it away from them before they even had a chance. But she only smiles at her son, drags a hand to smooth through his messy hair, \"Evelyn,\" she tells him. \"It's Evelyn.\" \"Evelyn, then,\" Curtis echoes, dares to reach out a hand in nervous greeting. \"It's nice to meet you.\" She smiles at him, too, though, and pulls him into a hug. \"Thank you for watching out for my son,\" she says, which was not anywhere on the lengthy list of things he was expecting to hear. 'I'm sorry,' is on his lips again, but the clatter of footsteps on stairs distracts him. Who else is here? A young girl, in her early teens maybe, appears at the bottom of the stairs, glancing in confusion at the strangers she finds gathered there by the front door. \"Mom?\" She asks, an eyebrow raised toward them. \"Who's this? Why are you crying?\" Evelyn wipes her eyes and clears her throat. \"This is Edgar,\" she says, and the girl's eyes blow wide with recognition. \"Edgar, this is your older sister, Liz. She, she didn't make it on the train with us. Your father is here, too, he died before you were born - he's not home right now.\" Once again, Edgar ends up caught in a crushing hug, this time from the sister he didn't know existed. Curtis looks on silently. \"My little brother's older than me,\" she teases, with tears in her eyes, too. She barely comes up to his shoulders. \"Glad you're here,\" Liz cries into his shirt. Edgar looks vaguely panicked. Curtis slips back, toward the front door. He'll make a quick exit, leave them alone to be a family. He's not part of it and he knows that, could never be a part of a family that he had a hand in tearing apart. Surely, Edgar will want to be with them now that they've been reunited. He won't want to stay with him. He has a family, a mom, a dad, a sister. Who knows what kind of extended family there is around this place? \"Where do you think you're going?\" Evelyn calls him out just as he gets one hand on the door. He doesn't have an answer. \"Stay,\" Edgar insists. He stays. ","Summary":" Paradise Just saw the movie like last week and needed something happier than the movie's ending, an"},{"Movie":"Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrel...","Title":"A Dangerous Game (Hiatus)","Author":"OblivionsGarden","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8189844","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Title - A Dangerous Game Chapter title - Game Over Author - OblivionsGarden Genre - Romance/Action/Drama Disclaimer - I do not own Lock Stock And Two Smoking Barrels in anyway shape or form. I only own my original characters and the plot for this fic. For this chapter I own: Kelly, Dave, Marcus, Michelle and Bobbie. Summary - Ed's off to another high stakes poker game with the cash he got from the guns. One problem. Kelly won't keep her hands to herself and Ed can't concentrate. When the cash is gone along with the girl, the boys soon realize the game was rigged. Is it wise to go after the cash? Especially with the help of the one who stole it in the first place. A/n - My first Lock Stock fic. Woohoo! It's an Eddy/Oc fic, because Ed was awesome. Please read and review, I'd greatly appreciate it. Hope you enjoy, xx (: \"No.\" Soap stared hard at his poker playing friend, hoping he'd realize just how thick he was being. \"Come on, Soap. We can afford it.\" \"No. Do you not remember what happened last time?\" Bacon grimaced from beside him, taking a large gulp of his pint. \"We lost. We owed half a mill. We stole some weed, wound up with a flat full of dead bodies and nearly got arrested.\" \"We won't let that happen this time. We take our money, we play the game and we don't take any loans. We'll be quids in.\" Ed reasoned. \"Ed...We are already quids in. Those guns fetched a few bob.\" Tom added in Soap's defense. \"Shut up fat boy, you aren't helping.\" Ed shot back. Bacon chuckled into his glass. \"Ed. You screw this up and we are fucked. And I mean well and truly fucked. We struck lucky last time and everyone ended up dead.\" \"You think I don't know that?\" Ed sighed and drained the remainders of his drink. \"Bacon, what do you think?\" \"Me?\" Bacon shrugged. \"I think if it works, it'd be fantastic. But, I can see what Soap means.\" \"Tom?\" Ed turned to the man in question. \"Well, as sensible as Soap is...I wouldn't mind a bit more dosh. And I mean...With your card talent, we can't really loose can we?\" \"As long as he doesn't take another dodgy loan.\" Bacon added. \"I won't.\" The three men stared at Soap waiting for his answer. A resounding no or a reluctant yes. \"For christ sake...You make this go tits up and I will make sure you never get near a pair of tits for the rest of your shitty little life, alright?\" \"Righty-O.\" Ed smirked and in celebration, headed to the bar for another round. \"Ready Eddy?\" Bacon smiled at his friend as the four of them made their way into the crowded club. Ed shrugged his bag full of cash forwards and hugged it to his chest. They moved toward a guarded door in the far corner of the strobe light lit room. \"We're here for the game.\" Ed said. \"Name?\" Grunted the big boned man stood before the door. \"Eddy.\" \"And you lot are?\" \"His mates.\" \"Right. You can go in but you stay away from the table during play, alright.\" The boys nodded and the man pushed the door open and ushered them inside. The room was dimly lit with a circular table in the centre and a few chairs by the door. On one side of the table was a small bar, on the opposite a large old looking painting. On the far wall was another door. There were five people already inside. Three men and two women. \"Eddy. Nice of you to join us.\" A man with black slicked back hair nodded in greeting. \"Boys, stay in the seats on the edge, alright?\" Bacon, Soap and Tom took their seats by the door and engaged themselves in a hushed conversation. \"Eddy, this is Michelle. She'll be dealing tonight.\" A tall brunette woman with a mean mouth nodded to him. \"This is Bobbie, he's playing too.\" Another average looking bloke shook Eddy's hand. \"This is Dave and his friend Kelly.\" Eddy shook Dave, an older looking man's, hand but his eyes were fixed firmly to Kelly. She wasn't looking at him but gazing up at the painting on the the side, Eddy could see her auburn hair that fell in soft waves to the middle of her back, her full lips parted slightly and her slim body that was revealed in her figure hugging outfit. She was wearing a fitted black skirt that stopped just at the bend of her knee, a low cut, black, corset, blouse with a deep red vest beneath and black, suede heels. \"Kelly, come and say hello.\" Dave called. Kelly turned with a red lipped smile and moved forward. She slipped her small hand with matching red nails into Ed's and gave a gentle shake. \"I'm Ed.\" \"I heard.\" \"Er, oh.\" Ed mumbled, reddening when he heard three sniggers coming from his friends. \"Shall we play?\" Michelle called. Ed, Dave, Kelly, Bobbie and the man who Ed had arranged this game through, Marcus, sat around the table. Ed glanced at Kelly who was sat between him and Dave. \"You playin'?\" \"No. Never quite grasped the concept of poker. I'm just supporting Dave and hopefully picking up a few tricks, should I ever need them.\" Her voice was soft, as though she only spoke when spoken to. She was sat straight, her back in line with the back of her chair and one leg crossed over the other. Her hands were together in her lap as she watched with a child like curiosity as Michelle dealt the cards and explained the rules. A few minutes into the game and Ed started to feel something against his shin. As he took a glance he saw a heeled foot gently rubbing his leg. With a smug smirk, he continued on with the game. A short while later and a gentle hand appeared, rested on his knee. Ed shuffled a little closer to the attractive woman in his chair, his smirk now refusing to leave his face. With every card dealt, Kelly's hand drifted higher and higher up Ed's leg. And with each move she made that felt so right, he made a move in the card game that was oh so very wrong. Eventually, as her hand was just a few millimeters away from landing on Ed's manhood, he stuck with his hand instead of folding and that was the end of the game. It took a few seconds for Ed to realize what had happened. The hand on his thigh was gone, along with his money and the game was over. \"Good game, Eddy.\" Kelly's lip quirked upwards at the corner, but the smile wasn't full. She pulled on a long, black coat, picked up a black studded handbag and followed Dave out of the room. \"Eddy.\" Soap started. \"Please tell me, that what I'm seeing is a hallucination. Some sick and twisted dream.\" \"We lost.\" Eddy mumbled. He was still sat in his seat at the table as the other players left. \"Lost.\" Soap repeated. \"What did I fucking say? I said this was a bad idea and I was bloody right wasn't I?\" \"Chill out, mate. I mean...If you think about it we're back to how we were before. Before Ed played against Harry and everything.\" \"True. Still, we did have two hundred and fifty thousand quid from those guns.\" As Tom and Soap started to bicker between themselves and Ed sat in a queasy silent trace, Bacon heard a quite beeping from behind him. Turning, a flashing red light, reflecting off one the the glass bottles on the bar, caught his eye. Moving over to it, he soon found a small, hand held camera tucked behind the glasses with a thin black wire leading down behind the bar. \"Hold on a minute.\" Bacon picked up the camera and found the display reading 'tape full'. He rewound the tape and played for a few minutes.. \"Fuckin' hell.\" \"What?\" Frowned Tom. \"This game was rigged.\" \"Eh?\" Ed spun around in his seat. \"This camera can see your cards Ed. Not to mention where that girly's hand was.\" Bacon placed the camera back on the bar and glanced around the room. \"Question is, how was, whoever it was, getting the info?\" \"Who won?\" Asked Soap. \"Um...Dave I think.\" Soap moved over to Bacon who pointed to the wire that had been plugged into the camera. Soap followed it where it came out from behind the bar at the bottom of the skirting boards. It went round the edge of the room until it disappeared underneath the door. Inside that room was a small TV monitor on top of a large desk and a microphone. \"So some prick was in here giving him my cards?\" Ed eyes were wide and his nose flared. \"So I didn't actually loose by my fault.\" \"No.\" Tom rubbed his temples in distress. \"I want my fuckin' money back.\" \"What was Dave's full name?\" Soap asked. Ed shrugged. \"Dunno. Just Dave...\" He remembered with a small smile the hand on his leg. \"Kelly.\" \"Eh?\" \"The girl. Kelly. She was with him.\" \"So?\" \"So, I wouldn't forget a woman like that. She'd be easier to find, I reckon.\" \"Find? Oh for god sake!\" Soap grumbled. \"This is gonna be another bloody re-run of the last poker game cock-up, isn't it?\" \"Not necessarily.\" Tom answered. \"We find this Kelly girl, we find Dave and our money. Just a quick in and out job.\" \"Quick in and out job?\" Soap repeated. \"Anyone would think you were nipping to the shop for milk!\" \"Chill out.\" Bacon sighed. \"We get lookin' as soon as for this girl, OK?\" The boys nodded. \"Oh and Ed...\" \"Mm?\" \"No more poker.\" A/n - Kelly's outfit. Just take out the spaces. www .polyvore cgi/ set? id=50338933 Let me know what you think so far. (:[Chapter 2] Title - A Dangerous Game Chapter title - The Chase Author - OblivionsGarden Genre - Romance/Action/Drama Disclaimer - I do not own Lock Stock And Two Smoking Barrels in anyway shape or form. I only own my original characters and the plot for this fic. For this chapter I own, Kelly Barker. A/n - Please read and review, I'd greatly appreciate it. Hope you enjoy, xx (: The next two days passed by the boys without so much as a glimpse of those that had their money. Ed and Bacon had been hitting every venue in town that was known for the illegal events. Be it bare knuckle boxing, dog fights or just the high stake card game, Bacon knew where it was. But still they didn't find Dave or Kelly. They even asked around which in those sort of places is a dangerous thing to do. You just don't ask questions, especially not questions regarding where certain people were. It was just an unwritten rule. Soap and Tom were scouring the streets everyday but came up with less than the others. It wasn't until four days later that Soap spotted someone familiar working in a cafe. He couldn't be sure if it was her or not, only really remembering how her backside had looking in her tight skirt. The only one who could be sure was Ed. He went inside, waiting for long enough to be sure he was served by the only other person behind the counter. A middle-aged man with scruffy brown hair. Soap took his coffee to a table far in the back corner of the room and pulled out his phone. \"Hello?\" Ed answered on the third ring. \"It's Soap. I think I might've found her.\" \"Who?\" \"The girl from the game.\" \"Where are you?\" \"Chaplin's.\" Soap recalled the name of the cafe. It took him a second having only been in there once since it opened a year ago. \"We'll be ten minutes. Make sure she don't go nowhere.\" Ed hung up on Soap, seemingly in a hurry. 20 minutes later and the three boys stumbled into the cafe, heading straight over to Soap who was glaring at them over the edge of his cup. \"10 minutes you said. And could you have made a louder entrance. If she recognizes us she'll be off like a shot.\" He whispered harshly. \"Shut up.\" Tom said, turning to glance at the girl behind the counter. With a sigh he turned back to Ed. \"You look. I can't remember what she looked like.\" Ed turned, acting as though he were searching for a clock. It was her alright. She looked a heck of alot different to four days ago, but it was definitely her. Her hair was tied into a bun at the back of her head and there was little to no make up on her soft features. Ed had to turn away when she moved out from behind the counter to clear the mess that a customer had just left behind. He could now see she was wearing a simple pair of jeans with a long sleeved striped top and trainers. A blue apron was tied around her middle as she picked up the empty mugs and placed them behind the counter before returning with a damp cloth to wipe the table. \"That's definitely her.\" Ed mumbled. He watched her with a mild curiosity as she brought out a box of fizzy pop bottles and bent below the counter to presumably place them into a fridge. \"Come on. Let's see if we can have a word.\" The four men moved together to the front of shop. The man there looked over but Tom waved him away. Bacon leant over the surface and managed to reach far enough to poke the girls shoulder. She stood up, staring at each of the boys in turn. A flash of recognition passed through her features but it disappeared as soon as it had shown itself. \"Can I help?\" She asked. \"We need a word.\" Soap started. \"In private.\" He added, eying the other man. \"Um...I get off soon anyway. Let me just get my coat and bag. OK?\" The boys nodded and leant on the counter whilst they waited. After a few seconds, they heard the distinct sound of a door slamming shut. \"Oi, mate. When does that girl finish work today?\" Bacon asked. \"Not till five why?\" \"Shit.\" Bacon barged through the opening in the counter, the others following closely. Once out of the back door of the shop, they managed to catch a glimpse of the girl just turning out of the corner of the street. They sped after her, calling out to make her stop. As she ran she pulled on a khaki green jacket and roughly shoved a stone washed grey bag over her shoulder. They chased her over a park, jumping over railings, down streets and through crowds until she turned into a small alley way. Tom, being the fastest, dived forward and went crashing into the back of her legs. The both ended up in a heap on the floor as she tried desperately to kick him off but he clung tight until the others caught up. Tom hauled her up by the collar of her jacket and shoved her up against the wall. \"Alright Kelly, remember us?\" He asked. \"What do you want?\" She gasped, trying and failing to push him away. \"Our money.\" Ed answered. \"Eh?\" \"You and your mate Dave rigged the game. You didn't win fair so we want our money back.\" \"I haven't got it.\" \"Bull. Where is it?\" Soap demanded. \"Dave's got everything, alright. You're not the only ones who got screwed over.\" Tom released his grip on her and she sagged down slightly, leaning her back on the wall whilst she caught her breath. \"You better start explainin'.\" Ed jabbed his finger at her but she swatted it away. \"I gathered that much.\" She stood back up and straightened out her clothes. \"Dave planned the whole thing since he found out who was playing. The camera would show your cards, cause you were apparently the best player there, to Dave's son Micheal. He told his dad through an ear piece so he knew wether he could beat you or not. I was there as a distraction to make sure you fucked up somewhere along the way.\" \"I didn't see his son.\" Tom frowned. \"He stayed in the back room all night and left through the side door before we left.\" \"Well...Who else got screwed.\" \"Me. I was supposed to get a cut of that money but Dave and Micheal gave me a threat and left. I haven't seen them since. Nor do I want to.\" Kelly stepped past Tom and glanced at the three men. \"Sorry...Honestly, I am. I'll, uh...See you.\" She walked slowly down the alley, her breathing only just returning to a normal state when Bacon called her back. She stopped but didn't turn. \"You can help.\" He added. \"With what?\" She turned to look at the four men over her shoulder. \"Getting the money back. You should know where we can find him, if you worked with him.\" \"But-.\" \"No buts. You helped him steal it, you help us get it back.\" Kelly stared at each of the men in turn. \"Alright. On one condition.\" \"I don't think you're in any position to make conditions, do you.\" Soap shook his head at the girl. \"Alright. Find him yourselves.\" She made to walk off again but Ed grabbed her wrist. \"What condition?\" \"I need a place to stay. Since you just chased me out of work I don't have one. I was sharing a flat with my boss but he doesn't agree with any sort of criminal activity which he will no doubt presume this was. So technically, it's your fault I'm jobless and homeless...Thanks for that.\" \"You can stay with us. Come on.\" Bacon nodded to Ed before the five of them walked in silence back to Ed and Bacon's place. \"You can have the spare room, once it's been cleared. For now, you'll be on the sofa.\" Bacon said. \"Don't worry, it's comfy.\" \"I don't care if I'm on the floor as long as I'm not on the streets again.\" Kelly smiled and dropped down onto the sofa. \"Again?\" Tom sat beside her. \"Uh...Yeah. I slept rough for a few months before Dave found me and took me in.\" \"From bad to worse, I take it?\" Eddy asked at her displeased expression. \"Something like that, yeah.\" Kelly gave a small smile that didn't quite meet her eyes. \"Anyway, who are you?\" \"Oh. I'm Bacon, this is Tom, Soap and Ed.\" \"Bacon and Soap?\" Kelly chuckled. \"Long story.\" \"Right.\" An awkward silence hung in the air until Tom decided to break it. \"It's too late to do anything today. How about, you pick up your stuff from your other flat and bring it here, then we'll go to JD's.\" \"JD's?\" \"Ed's dad's bar.\" \"Oh. Sounds good.\" Kelly stood up and headed for the door before turning back. \"I'd get all my crap packed and moved faster if I had four strapping young men to help.\" She winked. \"Such a charmer.\" Bacon grinned and draped his arm around her shoulders as they headed back to Chaplin's Cafe. \"Your boss was a cunt anyway.\" Ed grumbled as he made himself comfy on Kelly's bed. Her ex-boss had just shouted at the five when they came in through the back door. \"You get used to him.\" Kelly mumbled as she started to pile her clothes into her suitcase. \"Uh, could one of you go downstairs and get some cardboard boxes? They'll be at the back of the hall.\" Tom left the room as the others started to nose through her belongings. \"You don't own much, do you?\" Bacon observed. \"Not really. I move around alot so I made it easier to travel by owning less...Oi!\" Kelly threw a pillow at Ed who had moved from the bed and started to look in her drawers. The top one being full of underwear. \"Keep your hands off.\" \"Ed being a little pervert again?\" Tom asked when he came back through with his arms full of folded cardboard boxes. \"What d'you mean, ' again '?\" Tom said nothing but kept a smirk on his face. Once all of Kelly's belongings had been taken back to Ed and Bacon's they all made their way to JD's for a nice relaxing drunken evening. \"I'll get the first round.\" Kelly announced as they each took a stool at the bar. \"Seeing as though I made Ed fuck his game up.\" \"Fair enough.\" Soap grinned. \"Dad!\" A man stood behind the bar, looked up. \"The lady wants serving.\" With a frown, JD moved over to stare at the girl. \"I do hope you aren't getting yourself into something stupid with this lot.\" \"Course not. I'm Kelly by the way.\" \"JD. What can I get you?\" \"Uh...\" \"The usual dad.\" \"And a rum and coke for me, please.\" JD smiled. \"You four should take some tips from her. She actually says please.\" A/n - Kelly's outfit. Just take out the spaces. www .polyvore cgi/ set? id=50459867[Chapter 3] Title - A Dangerous Game Chapter title - The Fuck Up Author - OblivionsGarden Genre - Romance/Action/Drama Disclaimer - I do not own Lock Stock And Two Smoking Barrels in anyway shape or form. I only own my original characters and the plot for this fic. For this chapter I own, Kelly, Dave and Micheal. A/n - To naturally morbid , thanks for the review. :D x Please read and review, I'd greatly appreciate it. Hope you enjoy, xx (: \"Kelly, wake up.\" Soap shook the girls shoulders. \"Five more minutes mum.\" Kelly rolled onto her side as the four men in the room stifled their laughter, \"Kelly, I ain't your mother. Get up!\" When she didn't reply Soap pulled the cushion from under her head and hit her backside with it. \"Ah! What the hell?\" \"Up! We've got work to do.\" \"Soap?\" \"Yes?\" \"You're a right grumpy old git you know that?\" Kelly stood up and shuffled off into the bathroom as Tom guffawed at his friends truly grumpy expression. Once Kelly had washed and changed she sat back down on the sofa between Ed and Tom. \"We need an address. If you have one.\" Bacon said from his seat on the coffee table. Kelly looked thoughtful for a moment before leaning over Ed to grab her bag. As she rifled through the contents for a notepad and pen, she didn't notice the slight blush and smirk that crossed Ed's face. She scribbled something down, tore out the page and handed it to Bacon. \"Good luck.\" \"What do you mean?\" Bacon asked as he read and re-read the scrawled address. \"Good luck getting your money back. Obviously.\" Kelly replied as if it were the most obvious thing in the world. \"You're coming with us.\" Kelly stared at Bacon before cracking up into laughter. She stood and straightened out her tee shirt. \"You're funny.\" \"I'm serious.\" He countered. \"As much as I would love to help, I'm never going anywhere near that psychopath for as long as I live.\" \"You're coming.\" Tom confirmed, \"I am not.\" \"You are.\" Kelly stared from Soap to Tom to Bacon and then to Ed, who had stayed silent for the whole conversation. \"Don't look at me. I'm on their side.\" \"No way. He'll kill me.\" Kelly turned on her heel to head for the spare room but with one nod of Tom's head Bacon ran in front of her and lifted her over his shoulder in a fire mans lift. \"Everyone ready?\" He asked, receiving three nods. \"Right, let's go then.\" Kelly screamed and kicked her way down stairs and into Tom's van but alas, she still ended up between Ed and Soap on the way to Dave's place. About 20 minutes into the journey, she started to contemplate what would happen if Dave saw her and thusly, she began to panic. \"Can I wait in the van?\" She asked in a quite voice. \"No. You're the only one who's been to this place and the only one who knows that bloke. We need you.\" Soap answered. \"You know Dave keeps a wooden box under his bed?\" \"What for?\" \"Eyes.\" \" Eyes ?\" Ed looked startled. He was beginning to think they'd made Kelly go insane. \"Yeah. He thinks that all the power a person can possess is in their eyes. So he keeps one from every person he kills. In a box under his bed. To absorb the power when he sleeps.\" \"Are you feelin' alright, Kelly?\" Bacon raised his eyebrows at her ramblings. \"Alright? Yeah I'm alright Bacon. Just on my way to see a geezer who want one of my eyes. I'm just fine and dandy.\" She pushed her hair out of her face with a shaking hand. The closer they got the more nervous she became. \"I'm only nineteen. I'm too young for this shit. I can't die yet, I haven't done half the thing I wanted to do.\" \"Ed, talk to her will you? Calm her down.\" Tom whispered. \"Uh...\" Ed turned to the girl beside him. \"What did you want to do?\" \"All sorts. Get a tattoo, go to Paris and see the Eiffel tower, go and visit me mum, learn to drive... I could go on.\" She slumped back in her chair. \"I'm gonna die a virgin...Fuck.\" Suddenly four sets of eyes were on Kelly. \"What? Tom can you watch the road please? Let's not die before we actually get there, eh?\" She swallowed back the lump in her throat. \"I can't believe it. I'm nineteen for gods sake. I'm not exactly pig ugly...I've got a good body. Haven't I? I've got a good body haven't I Eddy?\" \"A wonderful body.\" \"I'm reasonably smart. I could've done so much more with my life and yet I had to fuck up and now I'm-\" \"We're here.\" \"Fucking fuck balls.\" Kelly slumped further down in her seat. \"Will you relax. We're not going in yet.\" \"Why not?\" \"We should wait till the place is empty.\" \"It is. They only come here for paperwork or the weekends.\" \"Well, let's get in then.\" Soap turned and pulled a large green bag from behind his seat. \"Do I want to know what's in there?\" Kelly stared wide eyes as Soap started to unzip it. \"Well, we weren't going to use them. But if there's any truth to your eyeball story, it's better to be safe than sorry don't you think?\" Soap held out a small pistol to Kelly. \"I'm not holding that.\" She backed up, practically onto Ed's lap. \"Fine. If we get caught, he can have your eyes.\" \"Uh...Alright.\" Kelly tentatively took the gun from Soap, lying it flat in her hands. \"It won't go off will it?\" \"Not unless you pull the trigger.\" Ed mumbled into her ear as he took another gun from Soap. Eventually, the five of them were stood outside Dave's house whilst Soap tried to pick the lock. \"Will you 'urry up?\" \"I'm going as fast as I can, fatty.\" \"Fatty?\" Kelly frowned as she looked Tom up and down. \"He's not fat.\" \"Thank you.\" \"We're in.\" Soap went in first, followed by Tom and Bacon. Ed gestured for Kelly to go in next but she didn't move. \"C'mon. You'll be fine, I'm right here.\" Ed took Kelly's hand that wasn't holding a pistol and gently pulled her in and kicked the door shut. She clung tight to his hand as they moved silently through the house, looking for any sign of the money. \"The, er...The safe is in his room.\" Kelly whispered. \"What's the combination.\" \"658577.\" \"Right, us two will go get the money, you three stay here.\" Bacon and Tom headed off upstairs leaving the others in the kitchen. \"Could do with a clean, in 'ere.\" Soap commented, running his finger along the counter. \"They hardly use it.\" Kelly mumbled back. Still holding tight to Ed's hand she rested her head on his shoulder, taking comfort in his warmth. \"No. Probably use other people's money to eat out all the time.\" Soap lent back against the side and looked Ed and Kelly up and down. \"So, you had to distract Ed? That was your job?\" \"Mmhmm.\" \"What if it didn't work and Ed still won?\" \"Dave would've told me to do whatever it took to get the money.\" Kelly answered in monotone, clearly uncomfortable with the topic of conversation. \"Whatever it took?\" Ed frowned. \"Yes.\" \"Well what does that mean?\" Soap asked. He already knew what it meant, he just found it amusing that she felt uncomfortable. He hadn't entirely forgiven her for the rigged game yet. \"Take Ed back to a hotel and fuck him until he couldn't physically stay awake. Then when he's sleeping, take the money and run.\" Kelly removed her head from Ed's shoulder and pulled her hand away. She hid her reddening face behind her hair and moved towards the window. Ed glared at Soap. \"What'd you do that for?\" He whispered. \"I was curious.\" \"Bull.\" Suddenly, the painfully familiar sound of a front door opening was heard. Soap, Ed and Kelly froze, each staring at each other in stunned silence. \"Now what?\" Ed whispered. They listened intently, waiting for a noise to signal what their next move should be. \"Hang on, Dad.\" Came a deep voice. \"I think there's someone 'ere.\" \"You what?\" Dave sounded beyond furious. Kelly tiptoed towards Ed and Soap and pointed at the only door in the room. As quietly as possible, they pulled it open and went inside. They found themselves at the top of a staircase and so they went down. \"What's that smell?\" Soap grimaced. \"I don't think I want to know.\" Ed whispered. They headed further into the cellar, to find that the room had a large plastic sheet hung down the centre, separating it into two rooms. They heard the cellar door swing open and hit against the wall. \"Hide.\" Kelly pushed Ed and Soap down behind a stack of boxes and told them not to move. She herself, stood pressed against the wall. Ed could see now just how different she was to the other night, No longer was she the confident, seductive temptress but a young girl, with no job and no real home, in the house of a man who wants her dead and shaking from head to toe with pure fear. Tom was shoved into the room with such force that he tripped and landed flat on his face. Bacon soon followed, landing beside him. He rolled over onto his back, his eyes falling on Kelly. She shook her head, silently telling him not to say a word. \"Now, I've asked you once.\" A tall, lean man entered the room. Micheal. His blue jacket sleeves were rolled up, ready for the imminent fight. \"Why the fuck are you in our house.\" \"We want our money back. You rigged the game,\" Bacon answered. \"Well that's tough shit isn't it, boys?\" Kelly waited for Dave to come through the door but he didn't. She edged along the wall until she was right behind Micheal. She snuck a glance back up the steps and saw that the door was firmly shut. Taking a deep breath, she raised a shaky arm and pressed the barrel of her gun to the nape of Micheal's neck. Using her free hand she lifted the back of his jacket and pulled out the gun the was lodged into his belt. She threw it to Bacon who stood up, also aiming it at the man before him. Ed and Soap emerged from behind the boxes, guns raised high. Slowly, Micheal turned his head and caught his first glimpse of Kelly. \"You.\" He smirked. \"You haven't got the guts to kill me, Kell.\" \"That may be so. But there's four men here that I'm fairly sure have.\" Micheal's smirk disappeared. \"You've changed, Kelly.\" He said as Bacon shoved him over to the other side of the room, behind the blue plastic curtain. \"What happened to your nice clothes? And your quiet attitude.\" \"I was never like that. That's what your bloody dad wanted me to be like.\" \"Well, it suited you.\" \"I'm a great actress.\" Soap found a length of thick rope in the corner of the room and used it to tie Micheal hands and feet. \"What is that god awful smell.\" Ed sniffed the air and gagged. \"Why don't you take a look, pretty boy?\" Micheal nodded to a pile of black bags in the far corner. Ed made to move over but Kelly stopped him. \"Remember what I said about eyes.\" She whispered. Ed gulped and took a step back. \"Right. Come on.\" He said. He took Kelly's hand and pulled her back through the plastic sheet and up the stairs followed by the others. He wasn't really sure why but he felt the need to protect her and get her out of this place. As he went to open the door, Kelly once again halted him in the process. \"Let me.\" She said, moving in front. She held her gun up in defense and pushed the door open. It was silent in the kitchen which worried her. She gestured for the boys to stay where they were as she took a cautious step forward. The adrenaline she'd felt when pointing the gun at Micheal was slowly ebbing away. Micheal had never bothered her before. It was Dave that set her on edge. Another step forward and she peeked around the back of the door. \"KELLY!\" Came Ed's panicked cry. Kelly turned just in time to see a thick blade swipe down across the top of her arm. She gasped and staggered back in pain, staring blindly at Dave who was wielding the weapon. In a matter of seconds Ed had dived out of the cellar stairway and onto Dave, knocking the knife from his hands. Ed threw punches at Dave's face until he heard a satisfying crunch from his nose. Tom pulled Ed up and pushed him away. The five of them moved out of the kitchen, hurrying to the door. Kelly was clutching her arm, trying not to pass out from the pain. \"I'm gonna get you Kell! You and your pretty little eyes!\" Dave's voice was quiet but to Kelly it was the loudest thing in the world. They bundled back into Tom's van in silence, Kelly's mind replaying Dave's words over and over. Ed lifted the bottom of his shirt to his mouth and bit down whilst he pulled hard. After a satisfying rip, he tore off a decent strip and pulled Kelly's arm towards him. He wrapped the fabric around the cut and mumbled to her to grit her teeth. She did as she was told whilst he tied the fabric tightly, hoping to stop some of the blood flow. \"Go to dads, Alan knows how to do stitches and stuff.\" He tried to keep his voice steady and calm but he knew, just as they all did, that they were well and truly fucked.[Chapter 4] Title - A Dangerous Game Chapter title - And Now It's Just Four Author - OblivionsGarden Genre - Romance/Action/Drama Disclaimer - I do not own Lock Stock And Two Smoking Barrels in anyway shape or form. I only own my original characters and the plot for this fic. For this chapter I own, Kelly. A/n - To naturally morbid and Kaospilot : thanks for the review. :D x Please read and review, I'd greatly appreciate it. Hope you enjoy, xx (: \"What did I say? I hope you're not getting yourself into something stupid with this lot. And what happened after one day? You come back with a big gash in your arm.\" JD was fuming when he came into his stock room to find Alan stitching up a wincing Kelly's arm. \"I'm fine, honestly.\" Kelly reassured him, but he wasn't having none of it. He'd already punched Eddy again for getting them into yet another mess. He was starting to think his son was a lost cause. \"It was my idea. Don't blame Ed.\" The six men in the room all raised their eyebrows at her. \"What? It was...They wanted their money back so I gave them the address. It's my fault.\" JD sighed and rubbed his temple. \"Well, what now?\" \"I think we should lay low for a while.\" Soap suggested. \"Soap, I think that's the smartest thing you've ever said.\" That evening, everyone was in their own homes, deciding to take a break rather than going for a drink. Kelly sat curled up on the sofa, watching TV. After a short while, Bacon decided he needed sleep and headed off to bed, leaving just Ed and Kelly in the living room. \"Kell?\" \"Mmm?\" \"Why'd you tell dad it was your idea?\" \"Cause he'd already punched you in the face. You didn't need anything else.\" She looked over and saw the bruising that was already starting to show on his eye. \"Thanks.\" \"Yeah, you too.\" \"What for?\" \"Calming me down at Dave's.\" The two sat in silence for a while before Ed moved off to make them both a cup of tea. When he returned, he sat beside her rather than in the arm chair. \"What are we going to do?\" Kelly asked. \"What do you mean?\" \"Well...If Dave finds us.\" \"We'll be fine. I promise. How's your arm?\" \"Sore but I don't think I'll have to have it chopped off.\" She smiled. They continued to watch TV in a comfortable silence until Kelly fell asleep with her head rested against Ed's shoulder. Smiling, He moved to lie down, maneuvering Kelly so she was leant snugly against him with his arms tightly wrapped around her. \"Morning, my lovers.\" Bacon's voice cut through Kelly's dreams and she unwillingly opened her eyes. \"Morning, weirdo.\" She mumbled. Then whatever she was lay on, shifted beneath her. Startled she pushed herself up and realized she was lying on Ed. She tried to move off of him, but his legs were locked with hers and she ended up falling off the sofa, onto the floor, bringing Ed with her. \"Ow.\" She grumbled. \"The fuck just 'appened?\" Ed's face was squished against the wooden floor. He still had his eyes closed. \"We fell.\" Kelly answered with a furious blush spreading across her cheeks. She got up and pushed past a chuckling Bacon. Whilst she was showering, Bacon sat opposite Ed in an armchair. \"Well, what did you two get up to, to end up in that position?\" He smirked. \"Nothin'. She fell asleep leant on me so I lay down with her.\" Bacon stared at Ed over the top of his cup of tea. \"You got a crush on 'er Ed?\" \"Shut up, you tit.\" \"You 'ave, you've gone red!\" \"I 'ave not!\" \"You're a bad liar Ed.\" A soft voice broke their bickering. With identical frowns, the boys moved toward the locked bathroom door. Bacon smiled to himself when he heard Kelly's singing. \"You could be better than you are.\" She sang. \"You could be swingin' on a star!\" Ed and Bacon joined in. They heard Kelly's laughter and Ed's smile widened. \"You definitely have got a crush.\" Bacon whispered. A brief moment of silence passed before Ed dove onto Bacon and the two started rolling around the floor in their brotherly argument. A few minutes later the shower stopped but they didn't notice. Kelly emerged from the now steamy bathroom, to find the two fully grown men on the floor. Bacon was pulling Ed's hair and Ed had his fingers in Bacon's mouth pulling his cheek back, \"How old are you two again?\" They stopped fighting to stare at the girl who promptly shook her head and wondered into the spare room where all her clothes were. Ed's face flushed a pink colour as his mind swam with dirty thought at the sight of Kelly, dripping wet in nothing but a towel. Bacon snorted at his friend and thus their fight continued. Tom and Soap arrived at about eleven in the morning. Together, the five of them emptied the spare room and went to pick up a new mattress and some paint. Unfortunately for Ed though, Bacon had pulled Tom and Soap to one side and told them of Ed's crush. He'd been receiving relentless piss taking all day but now, they decided it was time to leave him alone so he could make a move. Unknown to him, of course. Kelly had changed into a pair of striped pajama shorts, a grey vest and a pair of red trainers. She tied her hair up into a messy bun, ready to paint her new room. But when she returned to the living room, she found only Ed. \"Where are the others?\" She frowned, picking up one of the tins of paint. \"Pub.\" Ed answered picking up the others. \"Looks like we're on our own.\" The two started to re-paint the room. Two walls were a plum purple and the other two were a mossy green. They worked with the radio on and it didn't take them that long. After they'd done the first coat, they stopped for a tea break and then carried on with the second coat. Ed glanced at Kelly every now and then. Strands of her hair were falling from her bun and tickling the pale skin of her neck. Ed felt a flutter in his stomach and a stirring in his loins but tried his hardest to ignore it. Kelly, feeling a little bit playful, loaded her roller with green paint and tip toed behind Ed. She rolled from his shoulders, down to his knees. When Ed turned she had the biggest grin on her face and he found that it was infectious. He lifted his purple paint covered brush and swiped it down her face, from cheek to chest. The pair engaged in a full on paint war, getting splats of colour on the walls and on the floor. Kelly didn't care. She was having fun and plus the contrasting colours looked good. The splats looked carefree and she liked that, Ed grabbed one of Kelly's arms, the one holding the roller, keeping it out of the way whilst he gave her a purple french mustache. Eventually, she managed to give him a green Hitler one. After a while, the pair were lay beside each other on the floor, panting and covered in paint. Ed now had a purple eye patch and Kelly had 'Ed' written in green across her forehead. Neither of them could remember the last time they'd had that much fun. \"I think I'm gonna like havin' you live here.\" Ed commented. \"Really?\" Kelly rolled onto her side, propping her head up on her hand. She absent mindedly tried to pick paint out of the top of Ed's ear. \"You're fun and you look good too.\" Ed winked up at the girl and she laughed. \"Such a charmer.\" \"Indeed.\" Ed waited for some kind of sign from her but none came. Just because she didn't give him any sign doesn't mean she doesn't want him, does it? He waited, for about a minute before he thought ' fuck it ' and rolled onto his side, mirroring her position. \"Kelly?\" \"Mmm?\" \"Would you hate me if...Er...\" \"If what?\" She frowned. \"If I were to kiss you?\" Kelly stared at Ed for a moment. \"Are you being serious?\" \"Yes.\" Another moment of silence passed and Ed started to feel like he'd made the wrong decision. \"I don't think it'd be a terrible thing. I definitely wouldn't hate you for it.\" Ed smiled in relief before leaning forward and softly, cautiously, pressing his lips to hers. The kiss was soft and gentle at first, but once Kelly had placed one hand on Ed's neck, things soon heated up. He pushed her onto her back and ended up leaning over her, using his arms so not to squash her beneath him. One of her hands stayed on his neck whilst the other rested on his waist, gradually moving down to settle at the top of his jeans, just above his backside. However, their moment was short living when they heard the front door slam and Tom's worried voice shout, \"They've got Soap.\" A/n - Kelly's outfit for this chapter. Just take out the spaces. www .polyvore cgi/ set? id=51353419 Also, I'm holding the next chapter prisoner until I get reviews. Muhahaha ;)[Chapter 5] Title - A Dangerous Game Chapter title - Saving Soap Author - OblivionsGarden Genre - Romance/Action/Drama Disclaimer - I do not own Lock Stock And Two Smoking Barrels in anyway shape or form. I only own my original characters and the plot for this fic. For this chapter I own, Kelly, Dave and Micheal. A/n - To naturally morbid and Kaospilot : thanks for the review. :D x Please read and review, I'd greatly appreciate it. Hope you enjoy, xx (: The four friends sat in Tom's van, still parked outside Ed's flat. Tom had told of how he, Soap and Bacon had been at the bar for a while and then decided it was dead and were going to head into the town centre. Soap had needed to piss and so they all headed into an alley to do their business. Soap finished first and moved to make sure no coppers came and tried to screw them over for urinating on public property. A few muffled shouts later and Tom managed to catch a glimpse of two men bundling Soap into a van and drive off. \"Are we even sure it's Dave?\" Bacon asked. He'd already said it twice, trying to convince himself it was something much less serious. But two men shoving someone into a vehicle is a pretty serious case. \"Who else would it be?\" Ed retorted. \"I'll go.\" Kelly couldn't move. She's only known these boys for a few days but still, she felt the painful loss of a friend just on the horizon if she didn't do something. \"You bloody will not.\" Ed stared at the girl as if she'd grown an extra head. \"What's wrong with you? Have you just suddenly decided you'd look better without eyes?\" \"If I don't go then they're going to kill him.\" \"If you do go they'll kill you.\" \"Better me than him.\" \"Better no one.\" Ed fidgeted in his seat. He wanted to be stood, pacing a room in his agitation but he couldn't. \"Look, boys...It's me or Soap and they're the only options.\" She shrugged. \"You've known me for five minutes and you've known him a life time. I'm making the logical choice for you.\" She opened the sliding door at her side. \"It's been fun, boys.\" She climbed out and slammed the door shut behind her. Ed, Tom and Bacon stared at the seat she had just been occupying in a stunned silence. Ed was the first to react, sliding across the seat, pushing the door open and jumping out. He narrowly avoided a car that sped past him and stared up the road at Kelly's back. \"Kell!\" She didn't turn. \"Kelly, don't.\" He ran forward but so did she. \"I have to.\" She shouted without turning before speeding off around the corner. Ed stopped and slumped down to sit on the pavement. He let his hot tears fall freely...For Kelly and for Soap. Bacon lifted him up and guided him back to the van. Ed could hear the mumbles of a conversation but couldn't make out the words. \"You in?\" Bacon looked at him. \"What?\" \"We go in fighting. For Kel and Soap? If we die...Then we die.\" Ed nodded, a new determined front appearing. \"Yeah. I'm in.\" Kelly caught a taxi but made them stop two streets away from Dave's house. She needed the few minutes it'd take her walk the rest of the way to clear her head. She was, after all, willingly walking to her death to save someone she barely knew. She kept picturing Ed's face and how much she'd miss it. You're ridiculous . Her brain brain was saying, but he heart had different words to say. She'd never believed in love at first sight only lust. Lust was present when she met Ed, that much was obvious. Usually when Dave made her feel up a client to get money she felt sick to her stomach but with Ed she felt fine. Normal even. She couldn't look him in the eye though, she felt slightly embarrassed under the circumstances. She thought maybe he'd look at her as a one night thing. Some cheap whore. When he and the boys turned up in Chaplin's cafe her mind had divided into two. One half was saying \" It's a second chance to show him you're not so low rate whore \" and the other half was screaming \" Run now before they kill you! You scammed them out of their money! \" She'd gone with the second half only to have the first half come into play regardless. In the three days spent with the boys she'd found friendship and love. Ed was sweeter than any man she'd ever met and she held that knowledge close to her heart. The boys were like her brothers that she'd never known and with just that, as her short lived, little family, she was content to die for them. Soon enough, she was stood in front of Dave's door. With one last deep breath she knocked three times and stood back. Micheal answered, smirking when he saw the visitor. He stood aside to let her in, locking the door behind them. \"Wondered how long it'd take.\" He said, circling her like a hawk would fly in circles above it prey. \"Just, take me to Dave.\" \"All in good time, lovely. I want myself some fun first.\" He pushed Kelly against the wall and ran a hand down her side until it rested on her thigh. \"Didn't think you were the type.\" Kelly was surprised by how steady her voice was. \"I though you were a bender to be honest.\" \"Oh I am...I'm not interested in you in that way.\" He hooked his fingers into the hem of her jeans and pulled her flush against him. She frowned in confusion before he slammed her back against the wall, the force knocking the wind out of her. She slipped down onto the floor and held a hand to her stomach, trying to get her breath back. He aimed a swift kick to her hand and she tried desperately to crawl out of the way. She crawled far enough away to be able to scramble to her feet and bolt into the kitchen. She searched through the drawers until she came across a large carving knife. She grasped it in her hands, brandishing it with her teeth grinding together. Micheal held his hands out at his sides, an open invitation. \"I said it before Kell. You haven't got the guts.\" \"You didn't have one of my friends held captive then.\" She defended but even she couldn't hide the shaking of her hands. \"Where's Dave?\" \"Cellar.\" Slowly, Kelly moved toward the cellar door. Micheal stayed put, his smirk never slipping. She shut the cellar door behind her and took a second to regain her nerve. She slipped the knife up her sleeve, letting the sharp tip rest inside her balled up fist. \"That you, Mike?\" Dave's voice came through the foul smelling air. Kelly made her way down the steps and into the clear area. Soap had a woven sack over his head and was tied to one of the dining room chairs. Dave was stood behind him, a hack saw in hand. \"Evening, Kell.\" \"You were expecting me.\" It wasn't a question. She knew he was. \"I knew you wouldn't let someone die for you.\" \"No.\" She stared at Soap who had lifted his head at the sound of Kelly's voice. \"Let him go and you can have me.\" \"And if I don't?\" Kelly stared. She hadn't thought of that. Dave laughed at her naivety. \"Oh deary me, didn't you learn anything from me?\" \"You don't need him. All he wanted was his money, I'm the one who lead them here. I'm the one who gave them the safe code. I'm the one who pointed the gun at Mike.\" \"Dad?\" Kelly jumped at the sound of Micheal's voice. She hadn't even heard him come down the steps. \"Dad, I think maybe we should just let them go.\" \"You what?\" Dave glared at his son. \"What the bloody hell are you talking about?\" \"Well...He didn't do anything.\" Micheal gestured to Soap. \"And...Well, she's not going to be any use to us.\" \"Not alive at least.\" \"Dad...Just, let them go.\" \"Shut up Micheal.\" \"Dad...If you don't, I'm fucked.\" \"What?\" Kelly turned, slowly. As she did, Micheal moved forward and revealed three men pointing guns at his head. One had a large knife in his free hand. They were each wearing ski masks and Kelly silently took a step back, closer to Dave. \"Let 'em go, or we kill your boy.\" \"Oh yeah?\" Dave stepped forward. \"You kill my boy and I kill your girl.\" Dave grabbed Kelly and pulled her back against him. He pulled a gun from the back of his belt and pressed the barrell against her temple. \"Our girl?\" \"Come off it, I know you're here for these two.\" \"No. We don't want anyone to die. We've got what we came for.\" The man nearest the back held up a bag which Kelly recognized as the one holding Ed's money. She squoze her eyes shut. Why did he have to follow her here? Now they were all fucked. Silence filled the cellar but Kelly couldn't bring herself to open her eyes. She reached her left hand out until it rested on Soap's shoulder. \"I'm sorry for everything.\" She whispered to him. He didn't answer. One gunshot sounded, followed by a thud causing a domino effect of gunshots and thuds of lifeless bodies dropping to the floor. Kelly didn't feel any pain or any means to fall over. She felt Dave fall down hiend her. Her eyes were still glued shut and her hand was still squeezing Soap's shoulder. She felt hands on her shoulders and she flinched. \"It's me, open your eyes.\" Ed's voice was soft, a worried tone giving it edge. Kelly opened her eyes to see Ed. She gasped, letting a chocked sob escape her lips. She wrapped her arms around his neck and he returned the embrace with just as much need. Tom pulled the bag from Soap's face, grimacing when he saw him. His eye was purple and bruised, his nose seemed to be broke, his lip was cut and blood was pouring from both his nose and his mouth. \"You've had better beauty days.\" He said, hoping to ease the situation as Bacon untied his hands. \"I still look better than you, fatty.\" Soap mumbled, attempting a smile but wincing when the cut on his lip split further. \"We gotta get you to the hospital. We'll say you got assaulted.\" Kelly had released Ed from her death grip and was staring around the room. Dave had a bullet hole in his head. Micheal was laying face down in a pool of blood. But more curiously, three men in ski masks were also laying, dead, at the foot of the stairs. \"Who are they?\" She asked. \"I thought they were you.\" Ed shrugged. \"No idea. They got caught in Dave's crossfire though.\" Ed glanced down. \"You need a doctor too. I don't think Alan can deal with that.\" \"With what?\" \"You're leg.\" Kelly looked down and saw that just below her knee, blood was seeping through her jeans. \"It doesn't hurt,\" She frowned. \"Adrenaline.\" Bacon shrugged, lifting Soap up from his chair and letting him lean on him for support. Kelly tried to step forward, to follow her friends out of the corpse filled room but as soon as she put weight onto her foot, she collapsed to her knees. \"I'm guessing it's started hurting?\" Kelly nodded up at Ed who lifted her easily into his arms. \"Jesus Christ, Kelly. Once we've done at the hospital, you're going to eat. Lots and lots. You don't weigh anything.\" \"I thought you were dead.\" She whispered. \"I thought Dave killed you.\" Her tears were still falling and staining her pale cheeks. \"I'm right here, you tit. Nothing's wrong with me. I promise.\" Kelly smiled and rest her head on Ed's shoulder. In the van, Kelly held on tightly to both Ed and Soap's hands. Finding comfort from the former and hoping to give comfort to the latter. \"At least it's over now.\" Bacon commented from the passenger seat. That was one thing the group were certain of, as they drove to the hospital. Something they couldn't be certain of, was the effects this day would have on them.[Chapter 6] Title - A Dangerous Game Chapter title - Dreaming Author - OblivionsGarden Genre - Romance/Action/Drama Disclaimer - I do not own Lock Stock And Two Smoking Barrels in anyway shape or form. I only own my original characters and the plot for this fic. For this chapter I own, Kelly. A/n - Please read and review, I'd greatly appreciate it. Hope you enjoy, xx (: \"Do you know who did it?\" \"Look, I don't want to be rude but you've asked me eight times and I keep giving you the same answer. I haven't got a fucking clue.\" \"I have to ask, it's my job.\" \"I know, but you only need to ask once...OW, Jesus Christ.\" Kelly grimaced and gripped tighter to the bed beneath her as the doctor stitched up the side of her calf where a bullet had skimmed. \"Where were you, at the time?\" \"I don't know. I've told you that as well.\" Kelly's knuckled were starting to go white. \"I went for a walk after I left my boyfriends house. I was upset cause I was leaving him so I wasn't really thinking about where I was going. Next thing I know, I hear some men shouting and then I feel something hit my leg.\" \"And the man outside...\" \"He's my friend, I called him when I saw the blood.\" \"And he can confirm this?\" \"Yep.\" \"Thank you miss Barker.\" \"No problem.\" Kelly sighed once the officer had left. The storied had been planned out in the car. Ed and Kelly would come in together after Tom and Bacon had taken Soap in. Soap would say they'd been out and he'd been assaulted, Tom and Soap were passers by that were nice enough to stop and help. Kelly was only hoping the stories would stick and that there was nothing to link them back to Dave and the bloody mess that was there. When Kelly was patched up, she and Ed headed home in a taxi, so no one saw them with Soap and the boys. They knew they'd be longer at the hospital and so when they got home, Kelly decided she wanted to make the most of their time alone together. \"I need a shower.\" She yawned in the taxi. \"You can have one when we get back.\" Ed's arm was wrapped protectively around Kelly's waist. \"I can't be bothered. I'm going to go to bed. I'll have one in the morning.\" \"Fair enough.\" \"Ed?\" \"Yeah?\" \"Will you come with me?\" Ed frowned. \"Where?\" The taxi stopped outside the block of flats and Ed payed the driver. He helped Kelly out and got her crutches for her. When she realized she couldn't actually manage the stairs on crutches, and that the lift was broke, she climbed onto Ed's back and let him carry her. Once inside the flat, Ed locked the door and Kelly slowly made her way to her room. Ed followed, making sure she was comfortable but found her staring from her bed, to the metal poles that were helping her keep the weight off her leg. \"How am I supposed to do this?\" She mumbled. She tried sitting down as she usually would, but her arms stuck out at an angle and the crutches dug in. \"Come 'ere.\" Ed said with a smile. He moved forward and took one crutch away, holding onto her hand. He took the other and lowered her back so she was sitting. \"Well, that was obvious.\" Kelly chuckled. She patted the mattress beside her and Ed sat down. It was silent for a moment, as Kelly leant her head to rest it on Ed's shoulder. Remembering their first meeting she placed her hand on his knee and then slowly moved it up to his thigh. Ed smiled and turned his head to press a kiss to her temple. She lifted her head and smiled once before pushing him onto his back and moving to straddle his waist, ignoring the pain that shot up her leg. She leant down, pressing gentle kisses to his neck and jawline as she unbuttoned his shirt. His hands ran up and down her back until he eventually pulled her tee shirt up an over her head and dropped it to the floor. Ed's shirt and trousers and Kelly jeans soon followed and Ed was positioned above her, eyes taking in her half naked form. Her underwear seemed like another obstacle to him, as did his and soon, they were gone and the pair were panting and sweating, tangled in each other, reveling in their small moment of ecstasy. \"Kelly...\" Ed shifted in his sleeps, his arms locking around Kelly's waist and bringing her closer to him. \"What?\" She groaned, trying to roll onto her side to face him. \"Kelly they won't hurt you.\" \"Ed, what are you on about?\" \"Get Soap and run.\" Kelly twisted as far as she could only to find Ed was fast asleep and mumbling into her shoulder. She smiled a little and was about to g back to sleep herself but he started screaming, right into her ear hole. \"ED! Ed, wake up!\" Kelly managed to pull his arms apart and started shaking him. He startled himself awake, and sat wide eyed and panting, staring at Kelly. \"What the bloody hell was that about?\" Before Ed could answer there was a pounding on the bedroom door. \"Kell? Ed? What's happening?\" Bacon shouted. \"It's alright, mate. Bad dream.\" Ed called back. \"Bloody 'ell. You gave us a heart attack.\" Tom muttered and the new couple listened to their friends return to bed. \"Are you OK?\" Kelly ran her fingers through Ed's hair, making him smile. \"Yeah. Just dreamt that Dave had got to you and...\" \"And?\" \"Well...You couldn't see too well after wards.\" Kelly grimaced as she lay back down with Ed. \"Well...He's dead now. We're fine.\" \"Yeah...We are.\" Ed nodded but he couldn't shake the image of Kelly with empty eye sockets from his head.[Chapter 7] Title - A Dangerous Game Chapter title - Over Author - OblivionsGarden Genre - Romance/Action/Drama Disclaimer - I do not own Lock Stock And Two Smoking Barrels in anyway shape or form. I only own my original characters and the plot for this fic. For this chapter I own, Kelly. A/n - To Kaospilot : Thanks for the review, lovely. (: Please read and review, I'd greatly appreciate it. Hope you enjoy, xx (: It had been two weeks since the accident at Dave's house and the five friends found themselves in holding cells, being questioned repeatedly on the happenings of the day. They'd been drinking at Jd's in the late afternoon when three police officers turned up and took them to the station for questioning. From the start, in the back of the van, they all agreed to tell the truth. Honesty is the best policy after all, isn't it? \"So...Miss Barker...Tell me from the very beginning what happened before and on the day Mr. Hunter died. How did you come to be living with your new friends?\" Kelly took a deep breath, tired from already having told this story to two other officers. \"A few days before, Dave hosted a poker game. High stakes, you know the type. I'd played before. Well...Dave played and he always found out before the games who was the best player. I sat beside whoever it was and tried to distract them into messing up their hand.\" \"Distract them how?\" \"Cleavage, flash a bit of thigh. A hand on the leg...You know?\" The officer nodded and gestured for Kelly to continue. \"Well, Ed was the best in this game so I was distracting him whilst Dave's son Micheal was in a hidden back room feeding Ed's cards to Dave through an earpiece.\" \"How did he see Ed's cards?\" \"We set up a camera directly behind Ed's seat that was linked to a TV in Micheal's room...We took the money and left as soon as we could. After that I was supposed to get a cut of the money. But Dave said if I so much as touched one note I'd be blinder than a bat before I could say poker face.\" \"You believed the threat?\" \"You found the eyeless corpses rotting in his cellar?\" \"Alright. Carry on.\" \"I left straight away. I managed to get a job at Chaplin's cafe and a flat share with my boss. Three days after the poker game, Ed and the boys turned up in the cafe asking for a word. Obviously they were after their money. I said I was going to get my bag and ran from the cafe. They followed though and caught up with me in an alley not far. I told them what happened and then agreed to help them get their money back if they gave me a place to stay.\" \"You were living with your boss, you said.\" \"I was. But he hates anything unlawful and being chased from work by four men isn't exactly the most unsuspicious thing in the world is it. I'm unemployed but I live with Ed and Bacon now. Anyway...We headed to Dave's the next day.\" \"Armed?\" \"Yes.\" \"Where did you get the guns?\" \"I don't know...Soap had them. Where they're from I've no idea.\" Kelly shrugged. \"We went in, Bacon and Tom went upstairs to get the bag from the safe...I told them the combination...Ed, Soap and I waited in the kitchen. But then Micheal and Dave came home. We went and hid in the cellar. Micheal brought Bacon and Tom down and I pointed a gun at him. I had no intention of pulling the trigger. I don't think I could've if I wanted to. But with the five of us pointing guns, we looked mean and so managed to tie his hands and leave. Only Dave sliced my arm with a knife at the top of the cellar stair. Ed jumped on him and hit him a few times and then we left.\" \"And then?\" Kelly took a sip of the small polystyrene cup of water she'd been given. \"The next day Ed and I were painting my new bedroom whilst the others went out. Only Tom and Bacon came back and said Soap had been taken. We sat in Tom's van and I said I'd go and try and get him back. I'd rather they killed me than Soap.\" \"Why?\" Kelly stalled. That was a question she hadn't been asked yet and she wasn't prepared for it. \"I...I don't know. The boys have know Soap for ever and they'd only known me a few days. I came to care for 'em over those few days and didn't want to see them loose Soap.\" The officer nodded. \"I left and got a taxi to just around the corner from Dave's house. I wanted to walk for a few minutes to clear my head. When I got there Micheal hit me but I got into the kitchen and pulled a knife on him. He stayed there when I went into the cellar. I hid the knife from Dave. Didn't take long to realize it was pointless anyway. Dave didn't care if he killed me or Soap or both. He didn't like being double crossed. Then Micheal came down saying he should let us go. I turned around and saw three blokes in ski-masks with guns and the bag of Ed's money. They threatened to kill Micheal so Dave threatened to kill me thinking it was Ed. I thought it was Ed too. I closed my eyes and just listened to the gun shots. Next thing I knew Ed was shaking my shoulders and telling me I needed to get to hospital. I didn't even realize I'd been shot.\" \"Thank you. We know the rest Miss Barker.\" \"Wait...The three men. Who were they?\" \"Old clients of Dave's that he ripped off, it seems.\" Kelly was taken back to her cell which was separate to the boys. The only other person with her young teenage girl who was passed out on the only bed. She looked like she'd been drinking on the park with her friends. She sat on the floor, and rested her head on the wall behind her, closing her eyes. She thought about the one night of passion she'd had with Ed. It wasn't planned and it wasn't how she'd pictured it but it was her first time and it was perfect. Now though, she was planning. If they got out of this ungodly mess, she was going to repeat the night, but exact it to how she'd always thought it would be. She thought of the women you saw in magazines all the time, with the sultry poses and shining confidence. She was going to be like them and she was going to give him the time of his life. \"Barker.\" Kelly followed one officer to another room with the officer who had questioned her that morning. She sat down and waited for her sentence to be passed. \"We need to work together.\" The officer said. \"Kelly...Can I call you Kelly?\" \"Sure. What do I call you?\" \"Call me Jim.\" \"OK.\" \"You could be facing a charge for aiding, whilst you were living with Dave...Possession of a dangerous weapon and breaking and entering. Now...We are willing to drop these charges.\" \"In return for?\" \"We know Dave smuggled alot of drugs into the country and sold them all over the place. We know you know where he keeps his documents and you knows names and numbers.\" \"So, I give you the document and some names and numbers and I go free?\" \"Exactly.\" \"What about the boys?\" \"Them too.\" Kelly glanced at the tape recorder beside her. \"That recording this?\" \"Yes.\" \"So this is all kosher then?\" \"Yes.\" \"Fine. His document are hidden in the house. I'll get them. And I can give you a list of names and numbers of people Dave used most often.\" \"We'll arrange for an officer to take you to the house.\" \"Where is she?\" Ed paced across the living room. \"He said we were all free, so where is she?\" \"Will you sit down. She'll be fine, Ed.\" Soap pulled his friend into a seat. A few moment later and there was a soft knock on the door. Ed jumped up and ripped it open, a sigh of relief escaping his lips when he saw Kelly and an officer on the doorstep. \"Stay out of trouble, alright?\" The officer nodded and left down the steps. Ed wrapped his arms around Kelly, squeezing the air out of her. \"You took your time.\" He mumbled. \"Can't...Breathe.\" \"Sorry.\" Ed let her go and pulled her into the flat. \"I had to give all the names of people Dave worked with and their numbers. Then I was taken to Dave's to get all his documents regarding his drug smuggling business.\" Kelly explained her lateness and she plopped down onto the sofa beside Bacon. \"Is that really it then? Every things over, done with?\" \"Yes...Well, there is one other thing.\" Ed sat on the coffee table, staring at Kelly. \"What?\" Kelly lifted a bag from her shoulders and handed it to Ed. He unzipped it with a frown and when he saw the contents, his eyes bulged. \"But-\" Kelly chuckled. \"They don't have a clue how your got that and because they have info and some very dangerous and wanted drug pushers they seemed to think you should have it back.\" \"Have what back?\" Tom snatched the bag from Ed. \"Fuckin' hell. Is that everything?\" \"Unless Dave took any out.\" Tom emptied the wads of cash out of the bag and immediately sat cross legged on the floor to start counting. \"So why'd you think the copper was so lenient with us?\" Ed asked as he, Kelly, Soap and Bacon moved into the kitchen, leaving Tom to it. \"Well...\" Kelly shifted her gaze to a chipped floor tile. \"He knew me.\" \"How?\" \"He plays poker too.\" Ed's face fell. \"You didn't?\" \"No!\" Kelly slapped his arm. \"As you well know I was a virgin when I met you.\" \"Was?\" Soap raised his eyebrows, glancing at Bacon. At Ed and Kelly's reddening cheeks, they burst into uncontrollable laughter. \"Shut up.\" Kelly pouted but she couldn't fight the smile that graced her lips. Even Ed started laughing. Later that evening the five friends sat around a table in Jd's, drinking and laughing, celebrating the change in events. \"What are you all going to do with you money then?\" Kelly asked. They all looked blank until Soap spoke. \"I think I might open up a restaurant.\" \"You cook?\" Kelly frowned. Soap nodded. \"Well, if you need an understudy, I got straight A's in my cookery course at college.\" \"You went to college?\" Bacon raised an eyebrow. \"You sound shocked.\" \"You didn't seem the type.\" As the evening wore on the boys spent their time finding out new things about Kelly, having realized they didn't know anything about her. \"So what about your family? You said you were on the streets before you met Dave...How come?\" \"I don't really have a family anymore.\" She spoke as she picked the label of her beer bottle. \"My dad died when I was nine.\" Kelly felt like she could openly talk about her past to the four men and not be judged. \"Sorry.\" \"S'alright. We weren't close. My mum got married a year later. Only my step dad, Paul, was an arse. He never bothered with me, he acted like I didn't exist but he'd go out in the morning to work printing papers, then he'd come home and eat, then he'd be out again and come back late wasted to beat on my mum. He sent me to a boarding school when I was 11 and every time I came home mum had a new injury. When I was 13 I ran away from school and stayed with an aunt. I stayed there permanently and only spoke to my mum over the phone. I went back to public school and when I was sixteen I went back home to see my mum only to find I had three step brothers...She'd never even mentioned the. Three kids over three years. Thing is they all looked like mum but only one of them looked like Paul. Mum wouldn't speak to me properly whilst Paul was around and he wouldn't leave us alone. It wasn't until a year later, I was seventeen and in my first year of college that I got a call to say my mum was in a hospital and Paul was in prison. Turns out he'd been forcing her to sleep with other men that paid him for it. That's why the other two boys didn't look like Paul. Anyway, one night my mum had refused to sleep with someone, said she was in too much pain from other nights. Paul shoved her and she fell down the stairs, cracked her skull on the corner of a shoe cupboard. Ended up in a home with severe memory loss...She doesn't even know who I am.\" Kelly fell quiet, the label of her bottle lay around her feel in tatters. \"And as for being on the streets...My aunt didn't really like the fact that I stayed out late and drank alcohol. Nor did she like the fact that I had male friends. She was very religious so I left and lived rough for four months. Then Dave found me and took me in.\" \"Kell, I'm sorry.\" Ed grabbed her hand and gave it a gentle squeeze. She looked up and smiled. \"It's alright. It's in my past...I focus on the future. And boys...The future is bright.\" ","Summary":" Title - A Dangerous Game Chapter title - Game Over Author - OblivionsGarden Genre - Romance/Action/"},{"Movie":"Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrel...","Title":"Falling Into Destiny","Author":"rattychipmunk","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7140725","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I don't own any of the characters or anything, apart from my OC, Kizzy. I hope you enjoy it. Kizzy's POV I NEVER remembered my dreams. Ever. But this one I had last night, well, it almost could have been complete reality. There was an old man talking to me, telling me to pack my essentials because I was 'going on a trip'. Now, for the simple reason that I don't ever remember my dreams, I believed him. I thought to myself, \"This must be a sign or something\". So there I was, sitting outside the church in the village on the oldest bench in the world, with a messenger bag with a few clothes, my iPod, mobile phone and their respective chargers, my latest three wage packets and a few other necessities. He said, the bloke in my dream I mean, to be here, sitting on this bench, at exactly 12.05pm on Saturday 2 July 2011. At 12.04 my stomach was twisting itself into unbearable knots. \"What am I doing? This is madness!\" I muttered to myself under my breath. And that's when it happened. I was surrounded by light. I couldn't see anything, I didn't even know which way up I was. I couldn't feel any of my body, I could hardly even think. And as soon as it had begun, it was over. I fell to the ground and felt a rough tarmac under my hands, definitely different to the freshly cut grass of the churchyard I'd just been sitting in. I was in the middle of the flaming road! Rushing to get out of the way of the oncoming traffic, I bumped against a wall, and stumbled to the ground once again. It was dark, clearly it had taken me longer than it seemed to get wherever this was. I stood gingerly up, swaying slightly with dizziness until focusing on what was on the other side of the wall: water, just a mass of rushing water. I was standing on a bridge. Some distance away from me, a man in a woolly hat was hanging off the bridge. Now he didn't look like somebody that wanted to end it all. He looked more like somebody who had just got into a really awkward and problematic situation and if asked about it, he would probably say \"It's a long story\" Still, he clearly needed a hand. I took off running, and I could see that the hand he was depending on was slipping from the lamp-post. I didn't know if I had could get there I time, but I knew I had to keep going. I got closer, and could hear a phone ringing, but I ignored it, not stopping to think what a phone was doing on a bridge and ringing in an old fashioned way. Just as his he could hold on no longer, I reached him, grabbing his arm and yanking him back over the side of the bridge. There was muffled groan and a clattering of something metallic and I found myself pinned to the ground (I've got a feeling the ground here likes me) underneath something heavy, something which groaned again and picked itself up. The bridge-hanging guy. \"Thanks\" he said. Well, he tried to say thanks anyway, but his words were hindered a bit by the fact that he had what looked like a TV remote control in his mouth. When he took it out, it became apparent that it was a large phone, the very one I had heard ringing. I said \"You gonna answer that?\" \"Oh, yeah.\" He said in a confused but clearly kind voice, with a London accent. He pressed a button on the phone and put it to his ear, wincing a bit when somebody could be heard shouting down the other end. They certainly had a loud voice, even I could hear them! The guy was saying \"no, it's fine, I've got them, yes, no, what? Jesus, you've got to be kidding! I'm coming back\". I just stared at him. \"Care to explain?\" \"It's a long story\" he replied. Sometimes I am too good at predicting people. He must have registered my unconvinced look, because he went on to say \"No, really long. Long as in there was a debt, a fight, a burglary, a raid, an ambush, lots of drink, a shoot-out, blackmailing, confusion, and trying to keep all that quiet ended up with me hanging off Thames Bridge with a phone in my mouth\" I just gaped at him. \"You're right, that does sound like a long story. I'd like to hear it.\" I managed to say once I had recovered from shock. What came over me, I really don't know. I don't talk to strangers, I don't get involved with wrongdoing, but somehow I was almost enchanted by this man and his story. So I decided to be bold and say \"Hey, I just saved your life, I at least deserve to hear why I had to do it.\" \"Yeah, right, course you do. Sorry, I'm just a bit touchy. Just saved, what I now know is a few thousand quid's worth of stuff, from a watery grave\" \"You're not worth a few thousand quid. And I saved you, if I remember rightly.\" \"Ha ha, very funny. I mean this\" and he pointed to a long item wrapped in a blanket sitting on the floor next to him. \"Although I guess we both get credit for saving them\". He grinned at me, and I smiled back. I liked this guy. \"Hang on, did you say Thames Bridge ?\" I suddenly realised what he had said a minute ago. \"Yep, Thames Bridge. Had a bit too much to drink?\" \"Gosh no, I just, well, didn't know I was in London…\" I admitted, feeling very stupid. He looked at me like I was mad. Then he seemed to gather himself and said \"You do now! I'm Tom by the way\" \"Nice to meet you Tom. I'm Kizzy\" \"That's an, uh, unusual name. Foreign is it?\" \"Nope. I'm not from London, but I'm still English\" \"Well,\" he said, still amused, \"I'd better be getting back to my friends. They'll be wondering where I am. Want a lift?\" he gestured to his car nearby, an vintage looking thing. I was unsure, but my gut instinct told me I could trust Tom. I agreed \"Sure, I'll go wherever you're going. I've got nowhere to be particularly\" The guy in my dream had not been very specific when it came to the details of my trip, so I thought I'd just go with the flow. What was wrong with me? I usually liked to plan things! \"Ok then,\" he said cheerily. \"Off we go to JD's!\" And with that, things took a turn for the worse. He turned around, picked up the long item in the blanket and swung it onto his shoulder. I saw it coming towards my head for a second, and then I knew nothing but blackness. TO BE CONTINUED…! Please review and tell me if you like it![Chapter 2] AN: Another chapter… But I have had no reviews; no story alerts and I am unsure whether to continue. I have had several hits and I hope that those people will start to review. I would mean a lot to me, seeing as I am very proud of this. Tom's POV Oh, damn it! What had I done? The girl saves my life, and I repay her by knocking her out with the guns! Admittedly, it was an accident, but I don't think she will be too amused when she wakes up. If she wakes up… Oh God! With all the stuff that had happened over the past few days, I thought the worst and knelt down to check her pulse. Thank God. At least she's alive. But that was a problem. What do I do with her? I can't just leave her here lying on the pavement, and I couldn't stay here either, some copper would probably think I'd attacked her, not to mention the guys are still wondering where I am. Oh heck, what alternative do I have? I hurried over to the car and put the guns in the boot, and returned to Kizzy. I felt awful. She was going to have one hell of a headache. I scooped her gently up and put her in the passenger seat. After clipping her seatbelt on, I got in myself and drove off. What was I DOING? This was pretty much kidnapping! Then I remembered, she had accepted a lift from me anyway, so I wasn't really doing anything wrong. I took a deep breath and glanced over at her. Her head was resting against the window and she could have been asleep. I frowned and concentrated on driving. I was sure the guys would help me look after her. They did owe me after all, especially Eddy. Kizzy's POV I heard a faint groan and screwed up my eyes. A horrible ache hit my head and I realised the groan was probably me. What had happened? I opened my eyes slowly and saw a rush of traffic. I wasn't in the middle of the road again was I? No, I was sitting down on a chair. \"Oh, thank God. You're awake. How are you feeling? Look I'm sorry, I didn't mean to, it was an accident, and I didn't know what to do, so I was taking you to JDs, cause I couldn't just leave you there but I didn't want to kidnap anybody but then I remembered that you said you wanted a lift so I thought-\" I turned my head in the direction of the gabbling voice and saw a man driving. Who was it? I recognised him… Ah yes. It all came back to me. The white light, saving his life, talking to him, finding out his name, accepting the offer of a lift to somewhere called JDs, the mysterious package… \"Tom?\" I tried to make sense of the situation. \"You remember my name? Well, that's a start. No sign of amnesia then?\" \"Huh? What the hell happened to me?\" I said groggily. \"Ah, well, yes. I sort of, accidentally knocked you out\" He glanced at me, his eyes full of guilt and shame. \"I'm sorry. I just swung the guns round and whacked you, I really didn't mean to.\" He started to babble again, clearly feeling very awkward about rendering me unconscious. \"Guns? What guns? I don't remember any-\" \"Shit\" he exclaimed. I stared at him. I wasn't a fan of bad language. \"Sorry\" he said quickly, sensing my disapproval. \"I mean, bother. I didn't want to say about the guns… Nobody is supposed to know we have them\" \"Why? Stolen are they?\" I joked, laughing at my own witticism. He looked at me with a not-a-laughing-matter expression. \"Oh, they really are stolen? Good guess on my part I suppose. So, who did you steal them from? Don't worry, I won't tell anybody\" I grinned at him, he seemed on edge and I wanted to reassure him. I wasn't angry about him knocking me out, I believed him that it was an accident. \"I bought them, for a matter of fact. Seventy saucepan lid each they cost me! \"Saucepan lid?\" I was puzzled. \"Oh, sorry, yeah, forgot you're not from round here. It's rhyming slang for quid. So anyway, the guy who I bought them from bought them from some guys who stole them from a mansion. So technically, I've bought stolen goods. That's not the problem really; I've sold enough of them. It's the case they're related to that's going to cause problems if the cops find us with 'em\" \"I presume this 'case' is nothing to do with packing to go on holiday? It's the mysterious story you have yet to tell me, I gather.\" \"Got it in one. Although, it wasn't just me. My mates Bacon, Eddy and Soap were in on it. We weren't the bad guys though.\" I chuckled \"No, you would make rubbish bad guys!\" He looked at me for the second time since I woke up in his passenger seat. He smiled. \"Yeah, I guess we would.\" There was a small silence, and then he said \"We're here. You feeling ok?\" \"Yep, I'm fine, I've just got this most peculiar headache. Can't imagine where I got it…\" He laughed. I think I had grown to like Tom, he had the same sense of humour as me. He got out the car and jogged round to my side as I was getting out. I stumbled out and was on my way to the ground for a fourth time tonight (or today, or whenever it was) when he caught me and stopped me from falling. \"Woah, steady there. Don't want to end up in the floor again\" has said as he smiled at me. \"Yep, um, well, I think I'm ok now\" His hands were still around my waist. His eyes flickered downwards and moved back and I felt a warmth where his hands had been. I shook my head to clear my mind and followed him into the bar. TO BE CONTINUED…! Next time: Kizzy meets the other guys, and Bacon has something to ask Tom. Please review if you're reading this! It won't take long, please just click that little button, leave some comments and make my day![Chapter 3] Chapter three! Thanks for the reviews everyone, I was worried this wasn't going to be read! And I particularly liked GermanGirl92's review, as seeing as you don't have an account, here's my reply. Hallo! Danke sch ö n fur deine Beitrag! Ich habe Deutsch in die Schule gelernt, aber habe ich nicht fur eine Jahr gelernt. Deine Englisch ist sehr gut! Meine Deutsch ist nicht sehr gut, aber werde ich versuchen! Ich bin froh, dass du meine Geschichte toll gefunden. Von Zoë :) Ok, there is going to be a bit of swearing in this story, nothing too bad as I don't like it, but I have to be true to the characters and the feel of the story. Anyway, on with the chapter, please keep reviewing, and recommend this to everyone! …. Kizzy's POV We walked into the bar and the first thing I noticed was that it was almost empty. Maybe it was later than I thought. I turned to Tom \"Why are we here then?\" Before he could answer, another voice rang out across the room. \"Tom! Oh, thank god you're back! You've got them haven't you?\" the man lowered his voice and looked around before clarifying \"The guns\" \"Yes, yes, they're in the boot, don't worry Bacon. Although it's quite lucky we do have them. In fact, I'm lucky not to be at the bottom of the Thames.\" He wasn't wrong. A flush of pride filled me as it sunk in that I had actually saved this man's life. \"What ARE you talking about? Look, explain to us all yeah?\" He suddenly noticed me. \"Hang on, is she with you ?\" I decided to speak up. \"SHE has a name, and it's Kizzy. Nice to meet you, man-named-after-a-bit-of-dead-pig.\" I hadn't taken to this man as quickly as I had Tom. He was about to answer back when another man seemed to appear out of thin air behind him. He was slim with short-ish brown hair, whereas Bacon (that couldn't be his real name!) was broader and was practically bald, his hair had been cropped that close. \"Bacon, don't be rude.\" The newcomer turned to me. \"Ignore him, he's a tosser. Come on, poor old Soap's sitting by himself drooling over that book.\" A man over at one of the tables with curly black hair called out \"Heard that!\" Which, if I remembered correctly, made this other man Eddy. Well at least I had been acquainted, even if it was a bit of a haphazard introduction. Tom wasn't saying much, he was just rolling his eyes. I looked at him searchingly and he muttered \"Are you going to come and sit with us?\" Of course I was. I wasn't letting him out of my sight any time soon. When we'd all collapsed at the table (literally for Tom, he seemed to have tripped over his own feet, at which he looked very embarrassed) I decided to announce my presence properly. \"Well, I hear you've been involved in an interesting chain of events lately.\" They all gaped at me, before turning their heads to look accusingly at Tom, who shrank back in his seat. \"Guys…\" he began. \"No, don't blame him. He was hanging off Thames Bridge, apparently, half eating his mobile phone with some stolen guns in one hand and the other hand clinging on for dear life. He was about to go splash before I pulled him back.\" If it was possible, they gawped at me even more. \"Tom then kindly gave me a lift, as I was, shall we say stranded, and gave me a brief summary of what on Earth had led him to such a predicament.\" I decided to leave the bit about being clonked over the head out, seeing as Tom already looked uncomfortable enough. \"Now, seeing as this is a bar, I'm going to get a drink.\" And with that oddly confident speech at its end, I got up and walked to the bar, wondering how I had got myself into this. Maybe I was still dreaming. I pinched the back of my hand. Nope, definitely awake. Owww. Tom's POV Wow. She was feisty. The guys were speechless for once in their lives. I decided I quite liked it. Until Bacon found his voice that was. \"She's a little firecracker isn't she? Where did you find her?\" \"Well, seeing as she yanked me from my death, I found her pinned underneath me as I fell down.\" \"Well well well, now I am jealous! I plan to have her in that position myself, if you know what I mean!\" He winked at me knowingly. I found myself getting angry. I clenched my fists under the table. The thought of him even looking at her the wrong way made my blood bubble under my skin. I had no right to feel like that. Maybe I just felt protective; she had saved my life after all. And I knew what Bacon was like - he wasn't one for settling down. When it came to relationships, he wanted a bit of fun, and then the girl was dumped when he got bored. I'd seen it countless times, and always felt awful. You just didn't treat women like that. Bacon was a good mate though, just not anyone you'd want in a three mile radius of you if you were female. I glanced over at the bar, she was chatting with JD, who seemed a bit happier now his bar was in the clear. I guess the fact that a beautiful girl was talking to him helped as well. Hang on, did I just think that? I needed to keep myself in check. I didn't want to scare her off by starting to fancy her. \"Tom, mate, are you there?\" Eddy. \"I think he's pissed because I just suggested making a move on Kizzy. She's hot, don't you think Ed?\" Eddy shrugged \"Yeah, but-\" he lowered his voice so I couldn't hear. Bacon smiled. \"Is that right then fat man? You fancy her? Well, disappointed as I am to not be able to have a crack at her myself, I'm glad you've finally set your eyes on someone. I was starting to think you were a bender!\" I stared at him in disbelief. \"I am not gay. I'm choosy!\" It was true, I wasn't like Bacon. Sure I liked to look, but anyone to get involved with, they had to have the whole package, that 'x factor' as some people say. And I think Kizzy has that. God I am in trouble. Especially as she was coming back to the table just then. Kizzy's POV I said hi to the barman, who introduced himself as JD, the owner and also \"that idiot's father\" looking over at the table I had come from. \"Which idiot?\" I enquired. He laughed at this. \"Eddy. I'm Eddy's dad. Something I regret from time to time. Especially\" he said exasperatedly, \"when he puts my bar in danger.\" I guessed this was something to do with recent events, but I didn't question him any further. I asked for a pint of blackcurrant cordial, which he served with a raised eyebrow. \"I don't drink. Hate the stuff.\" After all, a twenty two year old ordering a soft drink at a London bar late on a Saturday night was probably one of the oddest things ever to happen. \"Not to mention what it does to you. It's a toxin you know. I'd rather not pour poisonous substances into my body\" I continued brightly, aware I was announcing my disgust for his livelihood. He chuckled and said \"You're probably very wise. Good luck convincing those goons though.\" He gestured to the table. \"They're not all goons. Tom seems quite nice. It's him I met first; he's introduced me to the others. Bacon seems a bit goon-like, but Eddy seems alright and Soap hasn't said much yet. I'll update you on my opinions later\" \"I'll hold you to that\" he grinned as I picked up my drink and turned back to the table. This was turning into an interesting night. I sat down. \"Bit quiet for a Saturday night isn't it?\" I asked Tom, who seemed a bit flustered. I presumed the others had been grilling him about how much he'd told me about the mysterious 'case'. \"Saturday?\" he looked puzzled. \"It's Thursday\" Thursday? I had been travelling a long time! But how? That's another thing I had to get to the bottom of: how I got here in the first place, and why. \"When Thursday?\" I asked stupidly. I hadn't thought that through before I spoke. Luckily he seemed to know what I meant. \"Thursday the second of July. Seriously Kizzy, are you alright? How can you not know what month it is?\" he said warily, a concerned look on his face, That wasn't right \"No Tom, the second of July is a Saturday. Well, at least it was this morning! What's the real date?\" Suddenly the date had become so important, but I didn't know why. \"The real date? This is the real date.\" He looked really worried now \"Thursday the second of July, 1998.\" And that's when he mouthful of blackcurrant cordial I had just sipped found itself all over Tom's shirt. TO BE CONTINUED! Please review, it means the world to me! I won't update until I get at least five more reviews, I want them so badly. So if you want more, tell me in a review :D[Chapter 4] Chapter four up a day after, even without five more reviews! You've got GermanGirl92 to thank for that, and yes , you should register! Then I can talk to you directly! So, what's going to happen now? … Kizzy's POV 1998? I was in NINETEEN NINETY EIGHT? That couldn't even be possible. But to be honest, I had seen enough weird stuff tonight to consider the fact that I'd travelled in time. I had gone back exactly 13 years into the past. Because that's clearly normal. I suddenly landed back on Earth and realised I had spat my drink all over Tom. Well, not as much as I thought, but he was looking at me like I had just broken out of a straightjacket and was coming at him with a machete. \"Oh god, sorry Tom!\" I grabbed a serviette from the table and waved it about uselessly while I tried to make up and excuse. The others were staring at me in a similar fashion. \"It must have gone down the wrong hole\" I stuttered unconvincingly, as least it sounded unconvincing to me. Then again I was also freaking out about being most likely stuck in the past. \"It's alright Kizzy, really, look it's only a tiny bit, most of it went on the table. This needed washing anyway\", he grinned, clearly trying to make me feel better about my shame. Bacon chipped in \"Well it does now!\" which really didn't help. \"Shut up you idiot, can't you see it was an accident? I remember that time you chucked up on my new shoes, and that was your fault for drinking about a pint of whiskey. Give her a break.\" Eddy came to my defence. He seemed alright, whatever his dad said. Though I did still have to hear the whole story, which was beginning to intrigue me more and more. \"Yeah, look it's fine, honestly. Don't beat yourself up.\" That was Tom. He smiled at me, and it melted a little bit of my heart. He only seemed to use half his mouth when he smiled like that, it was fascinating, and just a tad gorgeous. I shook my head briefly. \"Look, I'm going to get off now anyway, I've had enough excitement for one night\" he said as he stood up, the smile fading but his eyes still sparkling with kindness. The look on my face must have told him I felt exactly the same - far too much excitement. \"Look, if you've got nowhere to stay…\" he began, glancing down ad the floor and shifting awkwardly from foot to foot, \"I mean, if you have, that's great, and it's probably none of my business…\" He was rambling again. \"No, I was, um, brought here rather suddenly. I'm not sure why, and I have no idea what I'm going to do now.\" I gave him an 'I'll explain later' look. \"Oh, ok then, well, if you want, I've got a spare room, if you wanted to stay there\" he muttered, maybe so the others couldn't hear. \"Yeah, that would be great\" I replied. …. Tom's POV I didn't know what the matter was, but that drink certainly hadn't 'gone down the wrong hole'. She had reacted to today's date. She was acting oddly. But I decided to brush it aside for the moment and offer her a place at mine, if she wanted it. I felt unsure about asking her, but it was pretty clear, at least I thought it was, that she hadn't got anywhere to stay, seeing as she had a large bag with her and wasn't from around here. I was right; luckily, she wasn't staying with a boyfriend or anything. Though I guess if she had a boyfriend, she wouldn't be here with us. Pretty soon we were on our way back to mine. She was oddly quiet, seemed deep in thought, so I decided to disturb her, thoughtless as I am. She didn't seem to mind though. \"So, why did you really spit your drink out all over the pub?\" I wasn't one for beating around the bush, usually that is. She seemed to seriously consider how to answer my question for a moment, then probably realising I would rumble her again if she fibbed, she said \"I'm from the future.\" \"You're from the WHAT?\" I exclaimed. I hadn't seen that one coming! \"Well, I was born on the 16th of August 1989. But do I look like a nine year old?\" Was that a trick question? \"Well, no, but how on Earth were you born in 1989 then?\" \"I told you,\" she said slowly, seemingly testing how I was taking this revelation \"I woke up this morning and it was the second of July, 2011.\" \"But, how? How did you get here then? Are you an alien? Robot? Both?\" I'd seen enough films. Just not the one I seemed to currently be a part of. I didn't know how to react to this. I pulled up outside my flat, and turned to her as she said \"Neither! I'm a normal human. I had this dream, some old guy telling me I was 'going on a trip', and to pack stuff and prepare.\" She pointed to her bag. \"And then this white light engulfed me and I landed in the middle of the road, and a few moments later I met you. And you know what happened after that.\" She looked at me, deadly serious. And you know what? I completely believed her. But I still wanted to know more… Kizzy's POV \"Prove it\" Tom said bluntly, raising his eyebrows. Oh gosh, how was I supposed to do that? I could tell him about the future, but he wouldn't know I was telling the truth! I couldn't even believe he'd taken it so well, and I was glad I'd told him. It was like now my problem was shared, and I had a proper friend who understood, and who would help me figure this out. But what could I do to prove… YES! I reached for my bag and said \"Can we go inside first?\" \"Sure, yeah…\" he broke his stare and got out of the car. I jumped out and walked round to the front door as he opened it, walking up the stairs to a flat over a greengrocer's shop. He flicked the switch and revealed a small but cosy living room. \"Sit down\" he invited, gesturing to an armchair. I sat down quickly and started to rummage in my bag. I pulled out my iPod, my phone and a receipt for Morrison's that had fallen out of my purse. \"Look at the date\" I said handing him the receipt, while I flicked through my iPod Touch. \"June 2011\" he said, staring at the crumpled bit of paper like it was written in binary code. \"Yep. And see this?\" I showed him the device in my other hand \"That's my mobile phone.\" He seemed amazed by that too. I guess I hadn't realised just how much technology had moved on in the past decade and a bit. I scrolled through my iPod and pressed play. \"Don't tell me, futuristic music?\" \"No, it's a video. You know Doctor Who?\" I asked. \"Yeah, it finished though. They got fed up of it and it got cancelled a couple of years ago. Pity, I used to like it.\" I was unsure where this was going. \"Look. This is the first episode of the first series. Of the NEW series. They bring it back in 2005.\" The title music was playing and Tom stared in amazement at the little picture on the screen. \"You've GOT to be KIDDING ME? That's a flipping long time to wait!\" We looked at each other for a moment, eyes locked in some inexplicable state of being, before both bursting out laughing. TO BE CONTINUED! Please review, it actually makes my day. And now I'm serious, no update until five more reviews![Chapter 5] Okay, so I know I haven't updated anything in ages. Literally, ages. But I have a good reason. Two actually. One, I've been doing my A Levels and been through the incredibly tough process of leaving the school that has been my home for the last seven years of my life. But secondly, my other writing has taken up a lot of my spare time, as I now have my first novel available for Amazon Kindle. It's also available for the Kindle app if you have an Apple or Android device, so I'm asking you as a fellow writer, please will you buy my book? It's called Welcome To My Sorry Excuse For A Life, and you will be able to find it on Amazon just by typing that (obviously, I can't do links on FanFiction) or you can type my name, Zoe Badder, in and that will find it too. If you type my name in, you will also find my new book of poetry, Growing Up. So this is a message to all my loyal readers and reviewers to say please support me as I try to break into the writing world. I will attempt to update my stories when I can, but I am now busy with work and writing my sequel, as well as promoting my new releases. So, please download both my books, and give them a read. The blurb for my book is here: Aqua Green, fourteen - that's just a few basics about me. Another thing you NEED to know is that NOTHING ever runs smoothly for me! My mum's just invaded my school, my sister is a MASSIVE pain, I have a BEAVER for a brother (well, practically) and I am TOTALLY in love with a guy who is TOTALLY out of my league! What's a girl to do? Well, plenty. A bit of good, a selection of bad, and a bucketful of downright embarrassing (don't even mention the sun lounger and the swimming pool!) as you will find out in my diary of terrible and hilarious truths. And my poetry book is a collection of poems that come straight from the depths of my heart. I hope you enjoy reading my book, and please give it a good review on Amazon to hopefully encourage a publisher to finally accept it and to get my book into print. Sorry this wasn't an update as such, but I guess you could say it's an update on my life instead! Oh, and also, I've got an official Facebook page - Zoe Badder - so you could go and give that a 'like' as well if you would :) Thank you to you all, and you know I still love you all for reading and reviewing. Ratty (Zoe) xxxxxx[Chapter 6] I can say nothing but 'sorry' for the disgusting delay in updating. But here it is now - chapter five! Kizzy's POV I woke up the next day and stretched my aching muscles out. This bed wasn't the most comfortable. But it was a bed, and I was grateful for that. I was in 1998 and staying with some guy I'd just met - Tom. I liked him… maybe a little bit too much. Never mind, I'd just keep the fact I kind of fancied him well hidden. I sat up and looked around. I'd gone to sleep in my clothes, my jacket and bag dumped on the floor next to the bed. Not long after we'd got home, I'd gone to Tom's spare room and obviously fallen straight to sleep. Time travel, saving lives and meeting new people was exhausting! I hopped out of bed. The room was still dark, but I could see sunlight behind the thick curtain that covered the window. I could hear voices nearby, so I grabbed my bag, slipped quietly out of the door and crept to the bathroom. When I'd finished and got changed into a pair of blue jeans, a white strappy top and an open red checked shirt, I took a breath and walked towards the kitchen/lounge area of the flat. \"Oooh, mornin'!\" That was Bacon. The four lads were sat around on the old settees, and Tom immediately stood up. \"Hi,\" I replied, still wary of Bacon. \"Sleep well?\" Tom asked, walking towards the kitchen. Soap muttered something to Bacon and he laughed. I ignored them. \"Yeah, alright thanks.\" I smiled at Tom and he looked at me for a second, before speaking again. \"Food? Want anything? I'm making bacon sarnies if you want one?\" I nodded. \"Yes please.\" \"Oi Tom, you never make bacon sarnies for us normally? Summat wrong with you?\" Eddy remarked, grinning knowingly. Tom didn't bat an eyelid. \"Well, if you don't want one Eddy, you don't have to have one, do you?\" Tom said in his Cockney accent. \"Wasn't saying that mate, I'll have one. You will too, won't you lads?\" Soap and Bacon muttered in agreement. I rolled my eyes. I wondered how I was going to cope with these four. Then again, I didn't know how long I'd be staying with them. Suddenly, a thought came into my head. I joined Tom in the kitchen and spoke to him quietly. I didn't want the others to hear anything about time travel yet. \"I think I know why I ended up here,\" I whispered. \"Well yeah, I brought you, in the car, remember? Don't tell me the amnesia's setting in with a delay r something?\" Tom said. \"No, I mean the whole,\" I looked round at the others, who quickly looked away from watching us, \"time travel thing. I think I know why I came back in time.\" \"Why's that then?\" Tom said, raising an eyebrow. \"To save your life of course. I arrived at the exact right place at the exact right time and now look, I'm here with you guys. I'm thinking I was, I dunno… that I was meant to be here.\" Tom grinned. \"So, you gonna stick around then?\" I grinned back at him. \"If you'll have me.\" Tom smiled again. \"Course.\" He turned back to the hob and started cooking, and I went and crashed down onto the settee next to Soap. \"So, Soap, you haven't said much.\" \"What do you want me to say?\" he replied, looking at me quizzically. \"I don't know, just trying to make conversation. Anyway, I suppose it's better than talking like Bacon.\" \"Oi, I 'eard that!\" Bacon said from the opposite settee \"You were supposed to,\" I said cheekily, grinning at Eddy as he stifled a laugh. Bacon huffed and sat back in his seat. \"So, where are you from then?\" Eddy asked me, leaning forward in his armchair and looking at me intently. \"No, not yet, you've got to tell me your story first. Tom promised.\" The three exchanged looks, and Tom spoke. \"I did. Come on lads, you tell her. I'm busy.\" Tom's POV Soap, Bacon and Eddy told her the whole story, start to finish. I brought the food over as they were telling her about finding the remains of the shootout in Eddy and Bacon's place. Her face was horrified, but I saw a glimpse of something else - fascination. I could tell she'd fit in well with our group - she gave as good back to Bacon, attempted to get Soap to talk normally, got on with Eddy and had the same sense of humour as me. I had to admit, I was a little bit in love with her already. I looked round at the others as they told the story of the past week. I hoped to God none of them set their sight on her and succeeded. I knew Bacon was going to have a crack any time soon, but I thought she'd have enough sense to knock him back. Besides, she didn't seem to like him that much. I worried about Eddy though - he usually got all the girls and she seemed to like him as well. She laughed at something he said and jealously bubbled up in my stomach. I had it bad. Kizzy's POV Gosh these four had been through a lot in the past few days! I felt sorry for them - even if they were sold stolen goods and cheated at cards, they seemed like decent people who wouldn't actually hurt anybody. I figured these guys would make good mates. I wanted to become one of the lads, but the way we were all talking over our bacon butties told me they'd already accepted me. I looked over at Tom. He glanced quickly away from me, and I wondered. Did he have a bit of a thing for me too? I couldn't deny that I fancied him, and I liked him as a person too. I started to daydream about the possibility of us getting together, but I was stopped in my tracks. \"So now you know about us, tell us about you,\" said Soap bluntly. \"Okay. What do you want to know?\" I said, looking round at the group. I didn't expect any questions from Tom, since we'd shared a lot already, but the others seemed to be thinking hard of things to ask me. Bacon was first. \"Got a man in your life?\" I rolled my eyes and answered flippantly. \"Well, I've got four now, haven't I?\" I said, gesturing round at the four of them. \"You know what I mean…\" he replied. The others looked at me, eager to hear my answer. \"Nope. Never had actually,\" I answered honestly. \"Never? God, you don't know what you've been missing!\" said Bacon with a wink. I pulled a face. \"What? Are you into girls or something?\" he asked. \"No, I'm straight. Just never had a boyfriend, that's all. Not a crime is it?\" \"It is when you look like that,\" Bacon said. \"Go on, I'd love to be first date.\" It took a minute to register what he'd said. \"Are you asking me out, Bacon?\" He laughed. \"You betcha.\" The others remained silent. The room had suddenly become tense as everyone awaited my reply. Eddy was holding his sandwich in mid-air, his mouth open as he looked at me, and Soap was looking at me with mild interest. Tom was staring intently between Bacon and me, his eyebrows furrowed. \"Sorry. You're not really my type.\" A flash of disappointment crossed Bacon's face, before he replaced it with an expression of bravado. \"Ah, well never mind. Plenty more fish, as they say.\" I was relieved - I didn't want to damage my new-fund friendship with these guys, and as I glanced at Tom out of the corner of my eye, I thought I saw a similar expression of relief on his face too. Next Time: Kizzy gets a job in Tom's shop, and Eddy makes a discovery.[Chapter 7] Look at that, two updates in the space of 24 hours! Does that make up for the previous delay? Probably not, but I can try. Kizzy's POV The rest of that day we didn't do a lot. The boys showed me around London a bit, well, their usual haunts in London anyway; we didn't exactly go sightseeing. Bacon had started being less suggestive - hopefully he'd got the message that I wasn't interested. Nobody mentioned the fact he'd asked me out again, which I was grateful for. It was awkward, especially when the person I'd rather have been asking was standing right there. I shook my head to clear it. I didn't need to get weighed down in my developing feelings for Tom. I had to adjust to a new time period. I know it wasn't exactly the Stone Age, but it was different enough. My phone had no signal - I guess ASDA mobile hadn't been invented yet! Tom had given me one, which didn't text or do anything else, but it served the purpose of a telephone. He said it was 'spare stock from his shop', which I doubted was the most legal thing ever, but I found myself not minding. He'd given me a place to live after all. That night, we were back in JD's bar. The lads sat at their usual table and I took a seat next to Tom, smiling internally. \"Right, first rounds on me,\" I said quickly, getting up and walking towards the bar. JD stood behind it, laughing silently. \"I see you've become one of them,\" he said. \"I think I'll take that as a compliment!\" I replied, laughing as well. \"The usual for the lads, and a coke for me please.\" \"No problem,\" he replied, getting four glasses out and starting to prepare the drinks. \"So, you promised an update on your opinions. Well?\" he enquired. \"Well, Eddy's a laugh, Soap still hasn't said a great deal but he seems more serious than the rest, and Bacon asked me out.\" JD didn't seem surprised. \"Took longer than I expected. Usually he'll ask the first night. Silly beggar. Never stays with 'em long though, even if they do say yes. You said no I assume?\" I nodded. \"How did you know?\" I asked. He smiled. \"You seem like you've got a bit of sense in your 'ead. Enough to see he's not boyfriend material anyway. Idiot. He'll never settle down if 'e carries on like that. Still, suppose 'e's happy.\" \"Yeah,\" I said, shrugging. \"What about Tom?\" \"What about him?\" I said, instantly alert. I didn't want to give anything away. \"You never mentioned him, you know, when you said what you thought.\" I breathed an inaudible sigh of relief. \"Oh, yeah, Tom's great, we get on really well,\" I said nonchalantly. \"He's letting me stay with him too. Got nowhere else to go.\" \"I won't ask,\" said JD, handing over our drinks. I smiled in thanks and walked over to the guys again, putting the drinks down in front of each of them. \"Ooh, that's fancy isn't it Ed?\" said Bacon. \"Getting our drinks delivered directly to us rather than just dumped in the middle of the table? Good job you're not a waitress eh Ed? You'd never get any tips!\" Tom laughed \"Yeah, plus he wouldn't suit the skirt!\" \"You know it's not wise to wear a skirt as a waitress,\" I remarked matter-of-factly. \"You spill something, it goes on your legs rather than your trousers, and if it's hot that's even worse. The tight ones are hard to move in, and the floaty ones can be an invitation for men to have a peek when you bend over. No, trousers are much more suitable. Plus wearing a skirt limits your choice of shoes - and shoes are the most important thing when you're on your feet all day.\" I finished my speech and realised all four guys were staring at me as though I was an alien. Surprisingly, Soap was the first to break the silence. \"Wow, so much we never knew, eh lads?\" The others laughed, and I continued. \"I wouldn't want to be a waitress again. Although I'll have to find a job if I'm sticking around here.\" I had no way of getting back, well, not that I knew of, so I had to start earning my keep. \"I can get you a job if you like.\" I looked at Tom, suspicious. What did he have in mind? \"No no, nothing untoward, I mean, it's just working in my shop, it's not much, but if you want…\" I beamed at him. \"That would be great,\" I said honestly. I didn't need much right now. ….. The next day, I woke up to hear arguing. I crawled out of bed sleepily and opened the door a crack. Eddy was whining at Tom about having nowhere to live. I crept out the room and saw Tom leaning casually on the kitchen counter, and Eddy had his back to me. Tom spotted me and grinned slightly, and my heart jumped a little in my chest. Eddy hadn't noticed me yet. \"Look Tom, our place was full of bodies; we just had to leave it! It's all smashed up and covered in blood!\" \"Well I can't have you two staying here indefinitely. There's no room. Just get another place, even if it's just a little rubbish one for now,\" said Tom, rolling his eyes at me. I smiled. Eddy didn't notice, he carried on his tirade. \"Yeah, because the one we had before was Buckingham f***ing Palace wasn't it?!\" Eddy exclaimed. \"Watch it Ed, there's a lady present,\" Tom said calmly. \"Lady? What…? oh, hello,\" said Eddy, turning around to see me. He looked me up and down and I felt awkward standing there in my pyjamas. Then I shook my head to myself. I was practically living with these guys, I had to get used to it. Anyway, I was decent… I just wasn't wearing a bra. But who wears a bra in bed? I walked over to the kitchen and caught Tom's eye. He looked slightly guilty and I wondered if he'd been doing the same as Eddy. I swept the thought from my mind. \"Mind if I make myself a cup of tea?\" Tom's POV Eddy was whining again, going on about him and Bacon staying with me. I hadn't got room, especially now Kizzy was here. That was another reason too. I couldn't have those two living with Kizzy. Just then, she appeared behind Eddy wearing her pyjamas. My breath caught in my throat. She was really good looking, even the just-got-out-of-bed look made me want to go over there and… But no, I just smiled slightly and let Eddy carry on his rant. I didn't want him to notice her yet. I had to tell him off for swearing in front of her though, it just wasn't right. I caught sight of her figure as she walked over the kitchen near me, noticing she wasn't wearing a bra. I tore my eyes away just in time to meet hers as she looked at me. \"Mind if I make myself a cup of tea?\" she said. \"No, course, go ahead,\" I said, gesturing at the old kettle. I became immediately embarrassed of the stat of my flat, the old furniture and untidy kitchen. I swore I'd clean it as soon as I could. I realised I needed the loo, but I didn't want to leave Kizzy alone with Eddy… Stupid thought. No use pissing myself in front of her. I desperately wanted things to go well between us. I couldn't remember when these feelings had grown so strong, but they had, and there was no going back. Kizzy's POV As the kettle boiled, I popped a teabag into a mug and poured the water in. \"I'm going to the loo,\" announced Tom suddenly, and he walked off towards the bathroom. I shrugged, and pulled the milk out of the fridge. I'd just finished making my tea when Eddy approached me and stood close. \"Kizzy,\" he said, looking down at me.\" \"Eddy,\" I said, echoing his tone of voice as I looked up at him. \"Um, well, I was just wondering if you wanted to go out for a drink sometime.\" I groaned internally, hoping he wasn't saying what I thought he was saying. I tried an innocent response. \"We went out for a drink last night. And the night before.\" Eddy paused for a moment. \"No, I mean, just you and me. You know, like a date. I know Bacon already asked, but when you said no I thought-\" \"Look Eddy,\" I interrupted him, choosing my words carefully. \"I'm really flattered and thanks for asking, but I just wanna stay friends with you. Okay?\" Eddy's expression was unreadable. It seemed like an hour had passed before he finally spoke. \"It's Tom isn't it?\" \"What?\" I said, panicked. \"You fancy Tom. Don't you?\" he said, his jaw set. \"I- I…\" I began, not sure how to deny it when he'd come out with it so bluntly. \"That'll be a yes then. Don't worry, I won't tell anyone. And yes, it's okay,\" he said, smiling, though it seemed a little forced. \"What's okay?\" I asked, lost as to what was happening. \"It's okay of we stay friends. That's fine. I'm not going to hold a grudge or nothin'.\" I sighed in relief. \"Good.\" I heard Tom coming out of the bathroom and Eddy turned to leave. \"Where you going Ed?\" asked Tom as he walked back into the room. \"Gotta go mate. See you down the pub later yeah? We've still got some guns to sort out,\" Eddy said, before walking out the door and shutting it loudly behind him. \"What's rattled his cage?\" Tom mused. I didn't answer his question, afraid he'd bring it up in front of Eddy and Eddy would tell him my secret. I didn't want Tom to know how I felt, just in case he didn't feel the same. \"So, are you gonna show me the shop then?\" I asked, and Tom smiled that half-smile, making my stomach melt. \"Yep. Not going out like that though, are ya?\" he asked, still grinning. I shook my head, before heading to the bathroom for a shower. It was going to be another weird and wonderful day. Next Time: Kizzy has an idea of how to branch out in her new job, and Tom battles with his feelings.[Chapter 8] Again I update after a long time of no updates, and again I apologise. However, this one is a long chapter and an eventful one too! That should make up for it! Also once again warning about language, nothing too bad I don't think. I will star letters out where I think it looks okay. Anyway, on with the chapter! Kizzy's POV I was flicking absent-mindedly through a magazine, but I wasn't really paying attention. I was at behind the counter in Tom's shop. I'd been there for a couple of hours so far. He'd shown me how the till worked and various other things I needed to know, before he left me in charge saying he had to 'see a man about a dog'. I highly doubted it was an actual dog, more like some stolen goods, but I wasn't bothered. There were people doing far worse things around here. I yawned and started fishing in my pocket for my iPod. I wished I could plug it in somewhere and play my music, but nothing was compatible. I settled for popping a single earphone in and listening out for customers with my free ear. Nobody was about, but on my first day I wanted to keep alert. I started singing along to my music and was startled by a sudden presence in front of me. \"Alright there?\" Bacon, Eddy and Soap had come in and were standing at the counter. Bacon was grinning at me in a way that made me want to squirm, Eddy was looking slightly apologetically towards his friend and Soap looked thoroughly bored. \"What are you three doing here?\" I asked. \"Now now, is that any way to talk to customers?\" said Bacon. I raised an eyebrow but before I could reply, Soap spoke. \"She's got a point - what are we doing here? I've got a job to do. There's a party of ten in tonight and I've got food prep to do.\" \"Oh don't be so sensible all the time Soap,\" Eddy said, throwing a smile sideways at me. I smiled back in spite of myself. \"Yeah mate, you're just one of those people that hates fun, aren't you?\" added Bacon. \"This is supposed to be fun? Stalking the poor girl on her first day at work?\" Soap retorted. \"I'd hardly call it work,\" Eddy said, pointing at the magazine in front of me. \"And what is that? Is that a hearing aid? I didn't know you were deaf.\" \"Pardon?\" I said automatically, keeping a straight face. Eddy raised his voice. \"I said I didn't know you were… oh,\" he said, realising I was having him on. \"Good one.\" \"Thanks. No, I'm just listening to music. They're like headphones but without all the over-the-head clobber,\" I explained, before remembering I hadn't told them about being from the future. \"I got them in… Manchester.\" \"Manchester?\" I nodded. It was the first place I thought of. \"So that's why you were singing? You sounded lovely,\" Bacon flirted. I rolled my eyes slightly. \"You should keep that up, maybe sing a bit louder and attract more people into the shop. God knows Tom could do with the business.\" \"What gives you that idea?\" Tom's voice carried through the air as he entered the shop, and it hit somewhere right in the centre of me. I grinned down at the counter, and when I looked back up Eddy was looking at me knowingly. Soap had wandered off, leaving Bacon to punch Tom lightly on the shoulder as he approached us. \"Only pulling your leg mate, we know you're rolling in it.\" \"Well, I wouldn't say that,\" said Tom, tutting. \"This lot aren't giving you any trouble are they?\" \"No,\" I said. \"Just making nuisances of themselves as usual.\" \"I'm not!\" cried Soap defensively, his head popping up over the top of a shelf. We all ignored him. \"Look, leave her alone would you?\" Tom said. He seemed to be looking at Ed in particular, but I could have imagined it. \"It's her first day.\" \"Yes,\" said Bacon, suddenly having an idea, \"and for that reason we should all go out for a drink tonight, to celebrate!\" I looked at his stupid grinning expression and decided there was no point trying to decline. Anyway, it would be good to go out and have a laugh with the guys. I shrugged and said \"alright then, works for me,\" before going back to singing along to my music. \"She's going to sing to get customers you know,\" said Eddy matter-of-factly. Tom raised an eyebrow at me questioningly. I looked up at him, and tried to not react to his handsome features that were studying me so intently. I shrugged again and quietly gulped down the lump in my throat. \"That's right, said Soap in a bored voice, reappearing next to us, \"she's going to sing so loudly about how fabulous your wares are that people will be queuing to get in. It will be like the oddest musical ever.\" \"Singing about your wares, eh?\" Bacon said suggestively to Tom. \"If you know what I mean!\" \"That wasn't an innuendo, Bacon,\" said Soap tiredly. \"I'm leaving now, see you tonight.\" And with that, he walked out the shop. Tom thwacked Bacon round the head and I laughed. Tom smiled at me and I looked back down at my magazine. I was sure I was blushing. Tom's POV \"Now go on then lads, haven't you got jobs to go to?\" I said, trying to steer them towards the door. \"No,\" said Eddy and Bacon simultaneously. \"Well then haven't you two got jobs you need to be finding?\" I retorted, and they both murmured in agreement and left, but not before Eddy called to Kizzy \"see you tonight!\" and waved. She smiled and waved back, and I couldn't help but wonder for the hundredth time if there was something going on between them, or at least if there soon would be. I couldn't help but think tonight was going to be a disaster. I walked back over to Kizzy and she looked up and grinned, her dark hair brushing ever so slightly against her face as it fell over her shoulder. I almost reached out to tuck it back, but stopped myself in time. I gave myself a little shake - I couldn't let my feelings get in the way of enjoying our friendship. \"So, been busy?\" I asked casually, and she shrugged. \"I don't know really, I've got nothing to compare it to. Had a few guys in buying electrical equipment and a batty old lady who bought her weight in cat food. I stocked the shelves back up, but there's none left out the back.\" She was looking directly in my eyes as she spoke, and I couldn't help but wish the moment would last forever. I laughed at the old lady - I knew who she meant and she was quite a character. \"What did she say?\" I asked Kizzy. \"The old lady I mean?\" \"Nothing much really,\" Kizzy said, before smiling a little. \"Well, she did ask after you. She said \"where's that handsome young man who's usually here?\" and when I asked her who she meant, she said the owner, and, well, that's you.\" I laughed again. \"Yes, I can imagine she would 'ave said something like that. She's always being a bit…. uh, flirty. She's always coming out with stuff like \"if I was fifty years younger, I'd snap you up like that!\"!\" \"I don't blame her,\" said Kizzy, and I was taken aback. I looked at her and she looked at me, a tinge of horror in her dark eyes. \"I mean, you know, she's probably lonely, what with all her cats or whatever, you know, can't blame her for wanting some romance with a younger man… you know what I mean,\" she rambled. I knew what she meant, and it wasn't what I'd hoped - that she couldn't blame her for wanting me in particular. … Kizzy's POV That night, I was at the bar talking to JD. He laughed when I told him about my first day in the shop, and the guys started talking loudly at the table behind me, and their words sounded suspiciously like \"Where are our drinks? We're dying of thirst!\" I rolled my eyes at JD, who snickered to himself as I went over to the table with the first round. I sipped my orange juice as the guys grabbed their pints. \"What happened to putting them down in front of each of us?\" said Bacon. \"CBA\" I said. \"Anyway, alcohol increases thirst, so if you were actually dying of thirst, you'd just die quicker with those.\" \"Good job we're not actually dying of thirst then isn't it?\" said Eddy. \"CBA?\" questioned Soap, looking puzzled. \"Means 'can't be arsed',\" I explained. \"Oh, I do hate these TLAs,\" said Tom, and I chuckled into my glass, accidentally spitting some of my drink back into it. I don't think anybody noticed. \"Three letter abbreviations,\" said Tom before Soap could ask. The other three laughed too, and Eddy took the opportunity to ask me how my day went. \"Well,\" I said, \"once I'd got rid of these three idiots who came in and suggested I sing to attract customers, it was alright.\" Tom laughed and Eddy held his hands up, as if to say 'fine, I walked straight into that one'. \"That's not the only thing you could do to attract customers, if you know what I mean,\" Bacon said, winking at me. \"Shut up Bacon,\" said Tom intensely. \"Yeah, don't be a tosser,\" said Eddy, having another swig of his beer. I just rolled my eyes and laughed it off; I had worked out that was often the best way to deal with Bacon's slightly inappropriate comments. … When we'd finished our drinks, Bacon leapt up to get a second round in. He placed four more pints and my lemonade on the table and Eddy started talking about how good it was to finally have a girl in the group. \"You know, somebody to keep us in line, someone a bit more sensible,\" he said. I laughed. \"Me, sensible? You have no idea!\" I said, having a swig of my drink. \"At least you don't get into crazy situations with afro drug dealers, thieves, madmen, weed growers, crooks, debt collectors and loan sharks!\" said Bacon. \"Try saying that a bit louder, I don't think the whole pub heard,\" said Tom in annoyance, and Bacon lowered his voice \"sorry,\" he whispered. \"You don't have an indoor voice, do you Bacon?\" I remarked, and the other laughed loudly. Even Soap appeared to be highly amused. I had another sip of my drink and I noticed Tom looking at me. Did he feel the same way as I did? I had no idea. He was so close, sitting right next to me on the bench-style seat against the wall. There was nothing separating us but air. Part of me wanted to just reach over and kiss him, to see how he'd react. I hoped if I ever did develop the courage (or insanity) to do that, he wouldn't push me away. For now, I'd have to stick with not knowing, in the hope that the answer was yes. … A little while later, I decided I wanted to go home. I was having a good time and we were all talking about nothing important. Even Soap had been joining in more than I thought he would. However, I had a headache coming on and my stomach felt a little off as well. Maybe I was coming down with something. I had travelled back in time after all, who knew what side effects that could cause? \"I think I'm going to go back,\" I said to Tom. \"I don't feel very well; I want to get to bed.\" \"I'll come with you,\" he said, and I smiled, glad for his friendship. If only I could get it to develop into something more. Maybe I would. Why shouldn't I give it a go? Maybe I would…. \"Hey, steady on Tom, she doesn't look up to it,\" said Bacon. Eddy was laughing too, but I failed to see what was so funny. \"Up to what?\" I said. Eddy replied. \"Well, you said you wanted to go to bed, and Tom said he'd come with you.\" \"If you know what I mean!\" added Bacon loudly. They both laughed again. \"No, I didn't mean that,\" Tom stammered, \"I meant I'd go home with her, not to bed with her!\" \"You'd like to though, wouldn't you?\" said Bacon. \"Don't be such a twat Bacon!\" Tom said angrily, before helping me up off my chair. I had gone slightly dizzy, and didn't feel safe enough to walk by myself. I held on to Tom's arm as we left the bar and then I slid my arm round his waist as well. I wanted to be close to him. I think at that moment I realised I loved him. Tom's POV I had no idea what was wrong with Kizzy. When we got home, she looked slightly paler than usual, but still just as beautiful. God, I was turning into a right soppy git! Then I looked at her and realised I didn't care. I sat her down on the sofa, and began making a cup of tea. Tea always makes people feel better. I took the mug over to her and placed it in her hands, but they looked slightly unsteady, so I placed it on the coffee table in front of her. \"Thank you,\" she said, looking at me with her intense brown eyes. \"What for?\" I asked. \"For just being here, looking after me, taking me in, being my friend,\" she said. \"You're amazing.\" And that's when she leant forwards and kissed me. TO BE CONTINUED! ","Summary":" I don't own any of the characters or anything, apart from my OC, Kizzy. I hope you enjoy it. Kizzy'"},{"Movie":"Stay Alive","Title":"Kiss Them Goodbye","Author":"Jezebel Jai-Braxlin","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5288652","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Title: Saving Lives - Chapter 1: Death Brings Us Together Author: Jezebel Jai-Braxlin Summary: Just after his childhood friend and boss die, hutch ended up dead too, leaving his friends behind. Their old friend, Jezebel , who they haven't seen for years attends the funeral. That stirs things for Phin. Disclaimer: I don't own anything but this plot and my OC. Chapter 1: Death Brings Us Together \"This blows me.\" Phineas said as he stepped out of his sisters van. \"A lot of things blow you, they're just hardly ever human.\" His sister October Retorted. \"Ooo, and the voodoo mistress takes another swing, but it's a hit and a miss. You're forgetting about Jezebel.\" October stopped walking and smacked him. \"Ow!\" \"How can you even talk about her like that after what happened?\" \"Last time I checked, it wasn't any of your business!\" They walked inside and up to the casket. October put her hand over her mouth, her eyes welling with tears. Phin looked at his sister and did a double take. He wrapped his arms around her and squeezed. \"I can't believe he's dead.\" October whispered as she peeked at the casket. \"Do you think what he was saying about the video game was true?\" Phin let her go and walked over to the wall, leaning his forehead on his arm. He drummed his fingers on the wall as October took a step towards him. \"Phin, I'm sorry. I know how angry that makes y-\" \"October, it's just a god damn video game. All right? Hutch didn't die from the game, OK?\" \"OK!\" \"What do I have to do to prove it to you? Play the fucking game all alone?\" \"NO! Please don't! Hutch was alone. Don't play by yourself.\" She cried silently, hugging herself. Phin sighed, guilt ebbing his anger. \"I'm sorry. Look, he probably died from the stress of his best friend and boss dieing within two nights.\" \"It wasn't suicide, I know that much.\" She retorted bitterly. Their friend Swink paused as he entered the room, noticing the defensive postures and angry air. \"Are you guys alright? Well. Stupid question. But what's wrong?\" October wiped her eyes \"I'm fine.\" She stormed out of the room. Swink approached Phin and paused before him, then continued to the coffin. After a moment, Phin joined him. \"Hey man, how you holding up?\" Phin was not in his normal sarcastic mood. Swink leaned on the coffin. \"Better then you guys, apparently. Did you know Jezebel's here?\" \"What? Really? Shit.\" \"Why? What's wrong?\" \"I don't know, man. It's just weird... Shit! Speak of the devil.\" Phin turned so he was facing away from the approaching girl. Jezebel arrived up the aisle. \"Hi Swink.\" She sniffled, giving him a hug before turning subconsciously to Phin. \"Hi- oh... Hi Phin.\" She stepped back and looked at the floor. \"Have you seen October yet?\" He asked her awkwardly. \"Ya, I saw her on the way in. How are you?\" \"Fuck if I even know anymore.\" Phin turned without another word and exited the church. \"He's mellowed out a lot.\" Jezebel said after a moment. Swink laughed. \"Na, it's just the stress. He'll be back to normal soon, I hope. You wanna do something, for old time's sake?\" \"It'd be great do something with the group... But I don't know if I should.\" Swink raised his eyebrow. \"Why shouldn't you?\" She bit her lip as she considered her answer. \"Well, it's been so long and... I don't know that we all get along anymore...\" \"PFFFF! As much as that lowbrow would like it to be, it's not all about him. We all miss you. I know Hutch did.\" \"He did?\" She smiled as she looked towards the coffin. \"Well I guess... It has been too long since I've seen everyone...\" They passed a few more moments in silence before Phineas walked back in. \"We're having a video game fest with some of Hutch's games. You in?\" He directed at Swink. \"Well, I was going to hang out with Jezebel for awhile...\" His eyes went from Phin to Jez, appraising their expressions. \"...She can come too. I guess...\" Phin said after a pause. Everyone shifted awkwardly. \"No no, that's alright\" Jezebel put her hands up in a defensive posture. \"I don't want to intrude, if you guys wanted a private function...\" \"Don't be ridiculous!\" Swink said as he pushed her toward the exit. \"Hutch would have wanted us all together!\" Phin trailed slowly behind them, smiling in spite of himself. It was silent all the way back to October's cafe. When they arrived in the upstairs loft, Phin stood awkwardly by the door. \"I guess I'll hook up the game.\" \"Nice place!\" Jezebel stared around. There were a few cream colored couches, and one gray one. A big poster hung on the wall behind them. October Smiled. \"Thanks. A lot has changed since...the last time I saw you. We'll have to rent this place out again now that Hutch... Well, anyways, this was Hutch's.\" \"Everything's still hooked up from his last game.\" Phin said, changing the subject. \"The tech nerd just needs to test the lan.\" He sat next to Swink and sprawled across his lap. \"Don't touch me, Jerkwad. Get off!\" \"Jerkwad? That doesn't even mean anything?\" \"I've said it before and a million times-\" Phin finished for him. \"'Profanity is for the feeble minded'. Sorry, not sorry, dick-baster.\" Swink finally upended him on the floor as everyone else sat down and grabbed their controllers. \"What game are we playing?\" Jezebel smiled as Phin rolled to his feet and took his place next to Swink. \"Just a couple of his old games, plus the last one he played. It's called 'Stay Alive'. We're going to play it in the name of Hutch!\" Phin raised his fist, before pressing all the buttons on his controller frantically. Swink rolled his eyes as he leaned forward to turn on the tower. October made a face at the name of the last game, but when Jezebel caught her eye, she smiled reassuringly. \"TO HUTCH\", they all cried. The television clicked as it turned on. A/N: Just a starter chapter to get the move on.[Chapter 2] Title: Saving Lives - Chapter 2: Gaming never killed anybody... Right? Author: Jezebel Jai-Braxlin Summary: They play the game :O! I made it kinda like the movie on purpose, since that didn't happen in my story ^.^ Disclaimer: I only own some plot and my OC. Chapter 2: Gaming never killed anybody... Right? \"Can't we just play some more Mario Kart?\" October pleaded halfheartedly. A book had already appeared on the screen. It had a seal of blood on the cover. \"What the-\" Swink Exclaimed The book opened, and words appeared on the pages: 'Come to me clouds, May you rise As an evil storm Born to rip them open, Let the cover of night Bear witness and Destroy those who resist So they shall harm me not, Let the blood of many Cleanse me, Preserving beauty eternal, I pray you...' Everyone looked at everyone else. \"Well, this is weird.\" Jezebel whispered. \"You can say that again.\" October laughed. Phin snorted as he tried to hit every button. \"So...What do we do? It won't let me continue!\" \"Unless...\" Swink began. \"Come to me... Clouds?\" The words slowly disappeared from the screen. \"No way...\" He continued. \"That is impossible. It's next year technology, it can't have possibly been coded yet!\" Phin clasped his hand on Swink's thigh, much to his discomfort. \"Well it's happening, big man.\" Phin continued the prayer and everyone else joined in. Jezebel blinked. \"Is anyone else as freaked out by this as I am?\" She asked. \"Shhhhh...\" Phin said, more in awe than trying to be rude. The game continued. \" If you are hearing this, then you have made a grave mistake... \" Phineas tossed down his controller. \"Boring. I'm out.\" October frowned at him. \"Well if you waited for something once in a while instead of dropping it, then maybe something interesting would happen.\" Phineas sighed and picked it back up. They began making their characters. \"In this game, nothing interesting will ever happen.\" Phin grumbled. \" Find out the mystery of Gerouge plantation, or your fate will be the same ,\" The game continued. Swink jumped as a figure slowly limped from the shadows. \"What is that?\" \"It's a little girl...\" October proclaimed. The girl started in the direction of Phin. It came into the light, and it limped in his direction, bones pooping, joints cracking, a horrible screech of agony filled the air. Kristin gasped. \"What the hell is this game?\" Phin raised one of his nail guns and shot the thing repeatedly in the stomach, until it cut completely in half. It began crawling towards Phin's feet. He shot her in-between the eyes, and it stopped moving. \"See? Simple. The game is too simple.\" The corpse turned into a rose. \"The rose will protect us from something we can't face. Evil can't cross the twig of a wild rose.\" October recited. Phineas stared at his sister. \"That's what you learn from reading to much Goth-chick lit. Lay off the incense sister. As for the game, it's pretty cool, but it kinda moves along at a snails pace.\" A/N: Or so he thinks...MUHAHAHAHAHAHA! Well, we'll just see what happens... Last line is directly from the movie but I'm trying branch off here.[Chapter 3] Title: Saving Lives – Chapter 3: Bleach Blond Strikes Back Author: Jezebel Jai-Braxlin Summary: Guess who's back :( Disclaimer: I only own some plot and my OC Chapter 3: Bleach Blond Strikes Back There was a knock at the door. Everyone stayed put. Swink sighed. \"Don't all jump up at once!\" He paused the game, and answered the door. \"Hey Abby.\" Abigail walked in and sauntered to the couch. This didn't go unnoticed by Phin. \"Sup mama.\" \"Not much. How about you hot stuff?\" \"Whoa, feisty! I miss this.\" Abby sat down next to Phin and put her hand on his knee. October glowered at them. Abby leaned close to Phin's ear. \"I missed you\" she whispered. Jezebel's face went red as she tried not to watch the exchange, her lips trembling slightly. October eyed her friend with concern before glaring at Abigail again. She made up her mind and stood with her arms crossed. \"Abigail, can I see you outside for a minute?\" Abby put her hand on her chest in mock surprise. \"Oh, October! I'm honored!\" She said, sounding mockingly sweet. \"But in the future, call me Abby, k? Be back in a sec babe.\" She waved to Phin. On the balcony, October rounded on the fake blonde. \"So, what? A week and you've already moved on? You guys were engaged for Christ's sake!\" \"Oh, October. It's touching that you care so much about your brother, but I think you should lay off. Really, I do. Hutch is dead, and I'm moving on. That's all.\" \"You see that girl in there?\" October said, pointing to Jezebel. \"Yeah. Miss mope, what about her?\" \"She and Phin. They were together once. Two years ago.\" \"So? Your point is?\" \"My point is that she still likes him. And he won't admit it, but he still likes her. They were really good for each other.\" \"Oh, I didn't know.\" Abby bit her lip. \"Now do you see why I care so much?\" asked October. Abby nodded. \"Too bad I don't care, or I might've felt guilty.\" Abby got up and went back inside. A shocked October followed. Phin looked up. \"Sup guys. We gonna deal Abby in, or what?\" October glared. \"Whatever.\" Abby signed in. \"Phin, come find me. I can't get out of the cemetery.\" Abby whined. \"I'm on it.\" Phin and Abby's characters joined up. October nudged him subtly. \"Hey Phin. Don't you think you should find Jezebel?\" He looked at Jezebel's screen. \"Why? She's closer to you. You get her.\" Jezebel paused the game and stood. She looked around, swaying uncomfortably, doing everything she could to avoid looking at Phin. \"Hey you guys... I, um.. think I'll... cut out early tonight.\" \"What? No... Can't you stay?\" Swink paused and scooted to the end of the couch. \"We were gonna make a night of it, sweetie, are you sure?\" October looked from her to Swink. Jez glanced quickly at Phin, then started to the door. \"Yeah... Um...\" She paused behind the couch and gave an apologetic look to October. \"I'll call you later, I'm in town for a bit\" October kicked Phin and gave him a meaningful look. \"OW!. Oh. Jezebel wait!\" She'd closed the door. \"Excuse me!\" He said quickly brushed off Abby's hands as a stumbled to the door. \"Jezebel?\" He ran out after her. October smirked at a dower Abby. \"Told you so!\" Hall Phin shut the door and ran down the hall. \"Jezebel wait, that's not what I meant.\" Jez stopped and turned around. She was still trying not to cry. \"What, that you didn't want me here? You got that message across pretty well. You should have just said so. Go play with... he's the one who was enaged to Hutch, right?\" \"Yeah...\"He rubbed the back of his neck. \"It's complicated..\" \"And that seems ok to you? He's gone a week and she want's you now?\" \"What, Abby? She's not...She's just a friend.\" Jezebel snorted. \"You don't need to explain anything to me, we're not together anymore, remember?\" A tear finally broke the surface, then another. \"It's not cheating, Phin. It's ok. You can do whatever you want. You shouldn't have to deal with me. I don't own you. We're not an 'us'.\" \"That's...\" Phin began. \"Not what you want, is it...\" Jezebel finished. \"Jez...\" He looked at the floor. \"Yeah...\" she whispered. \"Me neither.\" She walked down the stairs. Phin turned and walked back inside. He sat down next to Abby. She put her arm around his shoulder and her knee on his lap. \"Ah, poor baby. Did that mean old lady hurt you?\" Phin pushed her knee off and stood. \"I think you should go.\" Abby stood and smoothed her skirt. \"Alright baby. Call me.\" She left, after glaring at October's 'I-told-you-so' smirk. As soon a the door closed, October knocked a pillow to the ground. \"I don't want her here. She wasn't good enough for Hutch and she's proved it.\" \"Not now.\" Swink whispered. October looked at her brother and was surprised to see him lsot in thought for once. \"I'm going for a drive. I'll be back soon.\" He said after awhile, grabbing his coat. He walked out the door before anyone could stop him. \"Well that went well...\" Swink said. October picked up the phone. Swink stared in confusion. \"Who are you calling?\" \"Jezebel. She needs to come back. Maybe I can catch her before she gets too far.\" \"She's probably only a block away, it hasn't been too long.\" It rang once, twice. \"Hello?\" \"Jezebel, please come back. My brothers not here anymore.\" \"I don't know… October, I just want to be alone right now, k. First Hutch... and... I need to get my emotions under check. I didn't expect this.\" \"I don't think that's such a good idea sweetie. Just come back, I'll fix some drinks, we'll relax... No more blonde bitch!\" \"Yeah, ok. I guess you're right. And as long as she's gone!\" There was almost a mile in her voice. \"I'll be there in a few, I'm barely down the street. Is Phin there? I thought I just saw his car...\" \"Yeah he left. It'll just be you me and Swink. See you soon?\" \"See you in a sec.\" CLICK October set the phone down. Swink stared at her. \"You're really worried about her, aren't you?\" \"Yeah. I just don't want her to go into that dark place she was in last year.\" Swink nodded. \"I don't think the game helped much.\" \"What was with that creepy warning, anyways?\" October shuddered. \"Yeah, we're all going to die. OOOO!\" Swink joked. October laughed nervously. They shivered. The room darkened. \"Whoa!\" \"It's probably just a cloud...\" reasoned Swink. \"You know,\" said October, \"some people believe that when you get chills like that, someone just walked over your grave.\" \"That's creepy.\" They shivered again. KNOCK, KNOCK, KNOCK They jumped. October got up and looked through the peephole. \"Its just Jezebel.\" She breathed. She opened the door. \"What do you mean, 'Just Jezebel'? Anyways, did you guys feel a chill just now?\" \"It's probably just a cloud blocking the sun.\" Swink shrugged. \"There aren't any windows in the hall...\" October trailed off. They stood in silence. Swink spoke first. \"Who wants to go out for lunch?\" \"Yeah...\" October agreed. \"Let me get my coat, you two start walking.\" They closed the door. A slow breeze rustled her hair. October walked over to the window and shut it. She grabbed her jacket. The game controller buzzed and another breeze tingled her skin. She turned. Both windows were closed. She ran out the door. A/N: OOOOOOO! Let's see what happens next! Let me know what you think! ","Summary":" Title: Saving Lives - Chapter 1: Death Brings Us Together Author: Jezebel Jai-Braxlin Summary: Just"},{"Movie":"Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrel...","Title":"Pygmalion","Author":"Abra de Winter","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/712092","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: The characters belong to Guy Ritchie and the setting is an imitation of the one in \"Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels\" This is not an actual self-insertion. I'm sorry I wasn't able to recreate the atmosphere of the movie. Or the way they talk. This is an example of what I think a fanfic should be: what a person would like to see in a favourite movie. The Beginning of a Beautiful Friendship[Chapter 2] Disclaimer: The characters belong to Guy Ritchie and the setting is an imitation of the one in \"Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels\" Part two[Chapter 3] Disclaimer: The characters belong to Guy Ritchie and the setting is an imitation of the one in \"Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels\". I might borrow an idea or two from \"Snatch.\" There is a good reason the story is included in the \"Fantasy\" genre. It bears less and less resemblance to the source. Sadly. Part three \"Hei, kid, you're still here!\" Bacon sounded surprised. \"Yeah, we were cooking\" \"Something exploded in her' or what happened?\" \"The blender\" Soap stepped in to help. \"Why d'you come?\" \"I need your van tomorrow. Do you need it?\" \"No. All yours\" Soap threw Bacon the keys, wishing to find a topic of conversation. \"Do you need a ride home?\" Bacon asked her, helping himself to a sandwich. \"Err.. I should stay and clean this mess. Wait for me. It won't take long\" She didn't want to be alone with him and he couldn't blame her. He wasn't sure what to make of what had just happened. \"It's OK. I'll clean up in no time\" That spelled rejection in any language. Addie thanked him, waved good bye and rushed out. Bacon didn't seem to notice anything out of order. He just mistook her silence for fatigue. She was staring blankly to the city lights running outside the window. This made her feel dizzy, so she moved her glance inside the car. Soap's van had hundreds of clues of his presence. A pair of sunglasses forgotten carelessly between the seats, an old issue of \"The Sun\" with drawn moustaches on celebrities' faces, a broken Beatles tape. She picked it up, the first song was \"Yesterday\". \"How appropriate\" , she thought. \"My troubles were not as much away as they were different. Yesterday. I wonder what is Ed doing now?\"[Chapter 4] Disclaimer: The characters belong to Guy Ritchie and the setting is an imitation of the one in \"Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels\". I might borrow an idea or two from \"Snatch.\" And a little scene from fastfood junkie's \"Lock, Stock and two Drowned Rats\". Thanks for the inspiration. This is getting to seem like a trip on the Fantasy Island for me. Part Four \"How was Ireland?\" asked Tom, picking up her luggage. Addie gave him a haunted look. She hadn't slept in about a week. She shook her head and tried to focus. \"Fine. Except the weather. How are you?\" She was making car talk. Short, unimportant questions. \"Oh, we're fine\" \"We?\" \"I thought you asked about all of us\" \"All in due time. How're businesses? Still clean?\" \"Yeah. Sure. Why?\" \"Just wondering. I heard stories about your past. They say you were a bunch of wise guys\" \"Dead and buried. We're cool now\" \"Are you meeting them soon?\" \"They're supposed to come at JD's in an hour\" \"Can you wait for me to shower and change? I can't wait to see you guys\" \"OK\" Tom had some errands to run, but he couldn't refuse her. He started browsing through her magazines. All girl stuff. He was in the middle of a Cosmo quiz when she emerged from the bathroom. There was something different about her, but he couldn't put his finger on it. She looked… more mature. Or something. \"Are we going already?\" She had some cheek! As if he kept her waiting! JD's was packed. The bar had become increasingly popular since the bunch had straightened their behaviour. \"Hi, guys!\" \"Hei, doll! How was the holiday?\" \"All work and no fun!\" she kissed Bacon on the cheek and took her place by his side at the bar. \"Can I have a Martini, Alan?\" The grumpy old man served her promptly. He was used to seeing them together. She thanked him, took a sip of the drink and looked in Ed's eyes: \"So you're up to your old dirty tricks again\" \"Jesus, Tom, you couldn't keep your big mouth shut for half an hour?\" At Tom's panicked look, Ed guessed he had rushed in. Addie was smiling like a mischievous little devil. \"I didn't tell her anything\" \"For someone who's supposed to live out of reading people, you've never read her right\" Bacon's remark sounded a bit indiscreet, but Ed remained oblivious to what was common knowledge for the others. Soap intervened: \"What do you mean all work? What'd you do?\" \"Nothing much. Helped my parents around the house\" That had passed. She talked to him and her voice didn't crumble into a sigh. *God, he's sexier than I remembered!*[Chapter 5] Disclaimer: The characters belong to Guy Ritchie and the setting is an imitation of the one in \"Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels\". Part Five She had lost a lot of blood and was floating in a twilight of semi-consciousness. Soap felt her body becoming rigid when he laid next to her. She felt him only as a cold intrusion in the safe sanctuary of the blankets. Gradually, her muscles relaxed, as she got more comfortable. This intimacy bothered him at first. She had no idea it was him, but she loosened up. Was she that easy? Spooning against the first warm body that came her way? His sleep-deprived brain was torturing him with idiotic ideas. His hungry flesh was betraying him. He witnessed horrified an uncontrollable, growing erection. She moved her round, firm bottom, trying to get closer to him, trying to get warmer. She rubbed it carelessly against his hardened flesh. He stifled a moan and fought fiercely the urge to put his arm over her, to fondle her, to learn every delicate curve in her body. She started shivering again, in pain or maybe just cold… All his lusty thoughts melted for the moment in sincere concern. She pushed herself harder into him and reached for his arm. Reluctantly, Soap let her pull his arm over her waist. As the shivering didn't cease, he tightened his hold. He was embracing her, under the pretext of warming her up. The road to hell is[Chapter 6] Disclaimer: The characters belong to Guy Ritchie and the setting is an imitation of the one in \"Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels\". This time I actually borrowed lines from the film, trying to compensate my lack of knowledge in East End language. The plot was supposed to be something like that: Big Chris \"hires\" the guys to find some people, who owed him money. These guys borrowed the money to steal some valuable paintings and sell them on the black market, but they run into some problems with the art dealer and now they try to stay away from Chris. The guys lost a lot of money betting on illegal boxing fights and they need the money. Tom's shop got thrashed as a warning, so they find them and steal back the paintings (a bit of Snatch.) Addie was supposed to buy some materials for bombs to prove her allegiance to an extremist organisation, but Max, the weapons dealer gets arrested and rats on her, so she has to get the explosives somewhere else. Bacon uses his connections and helps her out. In my view, the plot is secondary to the romance, that's why is so lame. (Well, that and the fact that my imagination failed me) This totally ruins the fidelity to the movie, but it's just a fanfic, not a sequel (like that wasn't clear enough!). I do wish Guy Ritchie would do a sequel! Part Six - Action! [Addie] \"Do you at least have a plan?\" [Ed] \"Yes. Unlike you\" [Tom] \"Stop flirting, you two! Let's see what to do next\" [Ed] \"I've been by the bank. They have three security guards and two cameras looking straight into the street. Bacon said that in an emergency situation, the estimated time of arrival for the police and the rest of their security personnel is seven minutes. Bags of time to play with\" [Addie] \"What's the bank got to do with anything?\" [Ed] \"You have to listen to the whole thing before you start asking stupid questions May I go on? Thank you. So, if something happens in front of the bank, all the police units will flock together, leaving the coast clear for us. Our guys live just around the corner, so no one will take any notice of us going in and out of there. I went by their building yesterday and saw where the paintings were. They don't have a worry in the world, they've actually hung them on the walls\" [Tom] \"Probably because they don't imagine anyone coming for them\" [Ed] \"Yeah, if we create a diversion, the police 's gonna be in front of the bank, nowhere near their place\" [Tom] \"We should go tomorrow. It's the servants' day off and the place will be most likely deserted\" [Soap] \"What diversion?\" Silence. Bacon took the lead. [Bacon] \"A bomb\" [Soap] \"A bomb? Are you crazy? We can't put a bomb in the middle of London. People will notice it, you know! Things don't work like they do in the East End!\" [Ed] \"We're actually counting on people noticing it\" [Soap] \"No fucking about, Ed. We'll get in a lot of trouble. And how would we make a bomb. Do any of you know anything about it?\" [Addie] \"I do\" Everyone looked at her, surprised. They'd almost forgotten she was there. [Soap] \"You? How do you know something like that?\" [Addie] \"It's an useful skill to have in my neighbourhood. I assume you don't actually want to hurt people, right?\" [Bacon] \"Yes. Just a lot of noise and smoke\" [Addie] \"That can be done\" [Soap] \"How can you be so fucking calm about it?\" [Bacon] \"What's the use to get worked up about it anyways?\" [Addie] \"I take after Bacon, apparently\" [Tom] \"What do you need to make it?\" [Addie] \"I'll go shopping soon. Don't worry, it can be done out of everyday household items\" [Bacon] \"I'm coming along. We'll meet at JD's around six, ok?\" ~~~~~ Bacon watched the way her hands were skilfully preparing the materials. Assembling them seemed child's play. [Bacon] \"Still can't get used to this side of you. It just goes to show how surprising people are\" [Addie] \"It's not something I'm proud of. I was born on one side of the war, so I just embraced it. You've no idea just how liberating coming to London was. Four glorious years I didn't have to think about it, never had to make a choice. When I got back… it just felt like a piece of me had been disconnected all along and it just came back to life. Now, here, that world seems more unreal, although I know just how real it is\" [Bacon] \"What is your choice?\" [Addie] \"Didn't give it a hell lot of thought. The fact remains that I owe Kevin this much loyalty\" [Bacon] \"You don't owe anyone anything! You have to do what you feel it's right\" [Addie] \"It's right to take his place. It's right to look for revenge\" [Bacon] \"You should think better about it. This isn't a club you can just stop being a member once you're in\" [Addie] \"I know. But my membership was a birth right\" Bacon could see her conflict, but he didn't see a way to help her. Fights, ideals, choices… he didn't have experience with any of those things. [Addie] \"Thanks for the help. I don't know what I would've done without you\" [Bacon] \"I'm people who know people\" he tried to joke away her gratitude. [Addie] \"Not just about today. I do appreciate you making the deal for the explosives for me, but I'm grateful you came along and stood by me all these years\" [Bacon] \"That's not just my merit\" [Addie] \"It's yours, as well. Thanks!\" She kissed him on the cheek and hugged him briefly. Living around them all this time, she became awkward in displaying her affection. [Addie] \"We got to get to JD's\" ~~~~~~ at JD's ~~~~~~ The gang was there when they arrived. [Addie] \"A Martini, please, Alan\" Her voice betrayed nothing of the turmoil stirred inside her by this wild new adventure. She was upset of the easiness with which she had slipped back into her old skin. She tried to avoid Soap's searching gaze. He was the one she feared the most when she had something to hide. And right about now, she wished to conceal her self-loathing. Their pity was the last thing she wanted. Soap's pity... [Ed repeating the question, annoyed] \"I asked you if it's any danger for the people who walk by\" He was permanently annoyed with her these days. They knew this was not a good sign. It meant he began to feel some attraction for her. [Addie] \"No. It's more of a smoke bomb. And I put a remote control. You'll detonate when you think the time is right\" [Ed] \"We figured that Tom should stay by the bank, to mislead the cousins, if need arises, Soap stays in the van and I'll go with Bacon inside the house and get the paintings\" [Addie] \"What about me?\" [Ed] \"What about you?\" [Addie] \"What do I do?\" [Ed] \"You stay home and cook! Soap says you need all the practise you can get\" [Addie] \"I'm coming with you, Doc Holliday\" (she noticed he hated it when she called him that) \"It's not like any of you is any good at camouflage, they'll smell you a mile away. If I come along, we'll have some cover\" [Ed] \"This isn't a Bond movie. We don't need a female co-star. You'll stay nice and clear of all this\" [Addie] \"My knight in shining armour! I can deal with this situation better than you ever will. You lost all your street sense, Mr. Big Time Card Player I Only Play For More Than Ten Thousand Pounds A Hand\" [Ed] \"What's got into you lately? I'm trying to do you a favour!\" [Addie] \"I don't need your pity!\" *Damn, I said that aloud!*[Chapter 7] Disclaimer: The characters belong to Guy Ritchie and the setting is an imitation of the one in \"Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels\". Part seven - Revelations[Chapter 8] Disclaimer: The characters belong to Guy Ritchie. The idea of the cooking contest came from \"Blow dry\", which is a really nice movie. My version is really lame. Kevin is \"played\" by Sean Bean. Interlude[Chapter 9] Disclaimer: The characters belong to Guy Ritchie. Bad Timing[Chapter 10] Disclaimer: The characters belong to Guy Ritchie. The End ","Summary":" Disclaimer: The characters belong to Guy Ritchie and the setting is an imitation of the one in \"Lo"},{"Movie":"Priest, 2011","Title":"Bittersweet Truths","Author":"utterlyheartbroken","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7180445","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The Interlude Bittersweet Truths You told me, fate was cruel, you never told me, you were cruel. You also never told me, how much it would hurt , for me , to love you . And also , how much it hurts for me to know that you, know that I love you, and that you're doing nothing about it. And even though you've rejected me time and time over again, I still love you even more….I'm sorry. Sorry that I never got over you… Author's Note:- I've understood the fact that some readers haven't understood that these pieces of short stories are all related to one another. They are parts of Illessa's –what I've named Priestess– memories or daily life facts. In the series she spends her time reminiscing about her past life, and things that have occurred before the events of the movie, so they're kind of like flashbacks or something similar to them. I'm posting this in the beginning of the series, so that new readers may know this important fact, and not be confused.[Chapter 2] 1# Touch When you grabbed my hand as I was falling down that bridge, I never forgot the warmth I felt, and how your touch made me feel something after all these years. I also remembered how it meant nothing to you, like it meant to me. My touch felt like nothing to you, because in your heart, and in your mind, it was always Shannon, and I'm sorry because you lost her, but unlike her, she knew you loved her, and you knew she loved you no matter what, it wasn't the same. I was losing you everyday, and she wasn't even here to prove how meaningless my love for you is. Because, if your touch was like fire to my hand, mine must be the ice that numbs your feelings, because, you're always looking away. Am I that disgusting in your eyes?[Chapter 3] 2# Spirit Her spirit and your spirit, are intertwined, like fated soul-mates, because you're always thinking about her, and I'm always thinking about you, and you don't know if she's thinking about you, because you're stuck here, with me . And it hurts even more, because even though God is here with me, every single day, helping me; you somehow remind me why I simply want to walk away, and be with God, soul, mind, and body. So that when I die, my spirit will be free from this unrequited love. So that one day, I'm free of you ...[Chapter 4] Warning:- Mentions of the menstrual cycle of the woman, and if you feel uncomfortable, skip this chapter please. 3# Evening It was that time of the month again, when my stomach would hurt painfully, and my lower parts would let out blood. It was almost too disgusting, and somewhat vile to other people, and yet I accepted it, because it was in my nature as a woman for this to happen every month. The first time this happened I was merely 12, and one of the nuns happened to have realized my condition, and helped me through it. She told me anytime I needed help, that I should come to her, and she would help. She died or was rather killed 3 months after my 21st birthday. You, had turned 26 by then, and had tried to comfort me, but your attempts were futile, and pretty much useless. I mean, think about it, you haven't literally lost your only semblance of family, inside this place, I had no one, and you, you always had someone. It hurt even more, because I could never despise you, only grow to love you even more. Author's Note:- I've understood the fact that some readers haven't understood that these pieces of short stories are all related to one another. They are parts of Illessa's –what I've named Priestess– memories or daily life facts. In the series she spends her time reminiscing about her past life, and things that have occurred before the events of the movie, so they're kind of like flashbacks or something similar to them. I'm posting this now, for any old readers continuing this story from this part of the series.[Chapter 5] 4# Years When we met, I was already 17, and had already started my 1st year as the youngest Priestess ever found; you came , already 21, and were the oldest to be found. I may have been the youngest for more than a reason; one due to my age, while another was due to my clumsiness, and inability to keep up the pace with the others. There were so much more reasons why, but during those years I had improved, I was no longer that clumsy, and I could keep up the pace with most of the others, and at times even outdo them. I had improved in agility, but due to me over-working my body at such a young age, I had developed some kind of asthma, especially during the winter or summer seasons, I felt like suffocating, no one but the elder priests and the nurses knew, and I had not trusted anyone else with that secret, I couldn't even try with you. So no one ever knew, and even as it faded throughout the years, it never occurred for me to mention it if something happened during a mission. And even when my asthma reoccurred during a mission with you, and you asked me if I had some sickness, I denied it, because I never considered it as a sickness. I always considered my asthma as a reminder that though I was a talented Priestess, I was only nothing more but a human woman. And even when the war ended, and the years became decades, I still didn't tell him, even when I happened to have TB due to my asthma, and almost died, the only thing I told him was I love you, and he didn't need to know anything else.[Chapter 6] 6# First She wished, when one of the younger female priestesses would ask her if she's ever loved someone, she wishes she could say he was the first, but inwardly she's glad that he's not her first love, so she smiles at them and shakes her head, no one needed to know. The only one she had ever confided in, was a nun who was 7 years older than her, and reminded Illessa of her mother too much, except for the fact that she understood Illessa all too well. The same nun who died 3 months after Illessa had turned 21, that nun was Illessa's first female friend, and would probably be the last one she trusted with her memories of the past. Her first love was a man named Gabriel, coincidentally he was also her first male friend, and his name defined him completely. He was a young boy then, when she had met him, at the youthful age of 15, he was 17, and a devoted believer of God. Illessa had always believed in God, but her faith increased when she met him, she became devoted to God when she saw how he cherished God, she fell in love with the Almighty Father, and wanted to become more religious due to his influence. She only loved him later on, his sweet and kind smiles causing butterflies in her stomach. And when his bright green eyes would fall upon her, she would feel happy for no reason. Gabriel was very optimistic, and it was his optimism that would brighten Illessa's sad childhood. She never revealed her feelings back then as well, but unlike Ivan, he could easily read her like an open book. She loved that about him, and when he stole her first kiss at dusk, during the second day of October, her blushes around him only increased in number. And one day he left, leaving her only a letter, she was saddened by him leaving, but she knew it was his calling, but the other reason -which he never told her- pained her more. He was dying, and it was his last moments left, he told her in the letter that he never regretted meeting her, and the year they spent together would be one of his favorite memories. He ended the letter with 'I love you Illessa, 'til death do us part' brought tears to her eyes when she read that, because after he was dead, he told her she was free to love anyone else, she was only 16, with a mother whose memory was weakening, and strength failing. When the Church called for her, she was happy, but so sad at the same time, because she did not long to leave her mother for the first time, and to enter a world she did not know of. Her mother encouraged her to go, and swore that as long as she could still walk and breathe that Illessa had to go, she gave her a beautiful smile, and told Illessa 'It's your calling sweetheart, go and embrace your future\". It was one of the last times that Illessa revealed her tears and sobs so openly and willingly, because taking a step away from her mother's house hurt her heart to the point where she found it hard to breathe. And by the time she reached the training grounds, it would be her first time in her new life, but when she heard that she couldn't go home, Illessa's heart broke, and tears that tried to fall carelessly were held back. She kept all the pain inside, not trusting herself in this new environment. And died a little when news of her mother's death, arrived on the day of her 17th birthday, she was glad that she met Ivan, because even though he wasn't her first love, she had found the first companion who could understand her anguish and pain because he also felt the same feelings somehow. Though he was not her first love, or her first friend, or a person she could confide her feelings in; he still was Ivan, certainly the second, and probably the last man her heart would ever learn to love completely...[Chapter 7] 7# Dreams Dreams are mirages, forms of their shattered realities altered so much to the point it seems like a fantasy, but you know, that Dreams are lies, almost like sins, they tempt you to want things that you can't have, freedom being one of them. You find it ironic that God created you all as free beings, but human beings tie everyone down by putting down rules that are only created because they are so easily swayed by evil, and corrupt themselves to the point where you hold your breath, and cry alone in your room, wishing that one day you'll be free of dreams. You want to stop dreaming of him, you want only God, and the freedom he offers, not the obligations that the Church forces upon you, the obligations that outcast you from society, you dream of a world where you are ordinary, where your mother lives and breathes, a world where if she were to ever die, you could visit her grave daily or weekly; a world where Gabriel was the only person you would ever love, and you would never need to have this unrequited love that you have with Ivan, a world where you never met him, or the Church, a world where it was you, God, your mother, & Gabriel, and the Earth. A world where you could have gotten married to a man who loved you, and you would never have to learn the meaning of unrequited love ever at all. Warm teardrops stroll across your pale cheeks, and you bite your lips, before turning on your side, and closing your eyes, wishing away all the pain and dreams, while clutching your rosary and murmuring soft prayers thanking God for all that he's done, and how it was selfish of you to even dream of the past & more. Yet your heart still yearns for these dreams to someday to come true, but dreams, are merely nothing but dreams.[Chapter 8] 8# Strangers I find it odd that even though I now know almost everything about Priest, he knows even less about me. He knows I don't like to talk about my life, and the reason I knew was because his sacrifice was the greatest of them all, but mine was worthless, leaving a mother I never longed to even look away from, a mother who died shortly after I arrived to become a priestess. It's as if most of our sacrifices were useless to the Church, not that I didn't understand why Priest was the one whose sacrifice was most admired or spoken of. I knew it was because the Church never expected him to say yes at all, and when he did, they had to boast about it. I am glad Priest has freed himself from the Church whose lies taunt kept us from discovering the truth and saving a lot of lives. But sometimes I feel as if I am travelling with a stranger, would it be odd if I mentioned that I think Priest feels the same? I can never tell what he is thinking, and Priest can easily guess my thoughts, but only when I am being obvious, there is a reason why I was one of the 3 priestesses that remained alive. My skill did not only lay in combat, I was talented in more than just fighting, my mother made sure of that, too bad she was no longer living to see what I've become. My ability to hide emotions, and twist the truth beyond normal standards, have left Priest with paradoxes which he keeps trying to figure out, but a paradox itself has a never-ending answer, so in the end, he could never find out the difference. I want to laugh at the irony of our situation, we've known each other for more than 7 years Priest, and yet we still do not know each other at all. Is it fate that has made us this way? Or is it the fact that I cannot trust you to share my burdens with you and trouble you with what I have to live with every day, and you can trust me, just not with your thoughts and secrets, so that you cannot hurt me.[Chapter 9] 9# End The end of the war was one the happiest days of my life, 1: because it ended all the bloodshed and the killing, 2: was the day we could finally be relieved of our duties as priests. It was the day I would no longer be literally tied to the Church though I was still figuratively bound to its laws, and summons. But the ability to finally roam the cities made me giddy, even if it only lasted a moment, until I remembered how people shun us as if we were the same vampires who slaughtered them mercilessly It was always like that, people feared what they could not control, because their belief was always weak, sometimes I wondered why we fought so hard to protect them, if they didn't even like us unless we were saving their lives, and risking ours in the process. But Ivan's decision not to return had shocked me greatly, he had Shannon there waiting for him with a child, a daughter last I heard, why would he not want to return? I then asked him, but he told me only this \"Our worlds are too different Illessa, I am no longer the same man that she knew, and I will not ruin the life that she's created with my brother\", and ended the conversation there, and I knew not to bring it up again, thought it never left the corner of my mind. I wanted him there with her, so I could try to end my feelings for him, because if he's finally with her, then I can face the reality that my hearts been making me avoid. The end meant a lot of things, just sadly not my love for Ivan, it didn't mean the end of being tied down, because in a way we have become puppets on a string, only moving when necessary. I offered Ivan to travel with me until we could make adjust to our new roles in society, he agreed, and the life we lived was almost close to normality, except for the fact that we were always tense, and aware. And the fact that my lips couldn't stop but to blurt out to Ivan how I loved him so. He rejected me kindly, saying only Shannon held his heart, and he never got it back, and apologized to me. 3 weeks later the awkward tension between us must have bothered him, because he took off, telling me he needed to be alone for a while. My heart cracked when he told me he was leaving, but I just let a reassuring smile grace my lips, before telling him to take care, and looking away. It was the end of our friendly relationship, the distance making us seem like strangers once again. It took me 2 years to find myself, with God helping me along the way. The only thing that ended, which I did regret was my close friendship with Ivan, and how my heart pains at the thought of him. ","Summary":" The Interlude Bittersweet Truths You told me, fate was cruel, you never told me, you were cruel. Yo"},{"Movie":"Stay Alive","Title":"Video Games","Author":"ALovelyEccentricSoul","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10120915","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: First things first yes I stole the title from Lana Del Rey...you know what they say if the shoe fits! I'm still kind of ify about the title and I might change it as the story processes but for now I like it. Anyways I remember the first time I saw this movie, I was obviously younger and thought all types of horror movies were cool. Now that I go back and watch Stay Alive it's less scarier and entertaining to watch. I just watched it an hour ago and I thought about what it would be like if there was another female added to the group of friends?! I'm still confused about October and Hutch's relationship, were they together or not together? I think they were because she seemed jealous once Abigail started hanging around them. Either way I shipped October with Swink anyways! If you have not seen this movie and you love horror movies like me, (Trust me it's not that scary just a tad bit creepy) then I suggest you watch it! You can find it on youtube or nextflix or whatever it is that you watch movies on. Let's get started *Evil Smirks* One, two, three and four, the devil's knocking at your door. Caught in the eye of a dead man's lie, show you life with your head held high. Now you're on your knees with your head hung low, big man tells you where to go. Tell 'em it's good, tell 'em okay. Don't do a goddamn thing they say. Oh, lord, heaven knows we belong way down below. Way down below, way down below. Way down below, way down below. -The Pretty Reckless, \" Heaven Knows. The bar was dim and soft rock music was blasting through the speakers. A 5'7 woman was leaning against the bar dressed in a black white plaid short sleeve bodycon dress, both of her hands were preoccupied her left hand was loosely gripped onto a cigar her right held onto her glass which was filled with Jack Daniels mixed with Dr. Pepper. It was Saturday at midnight and the bar was always jumping with the town locals who were drunk off their asses. The woman could hold her liquor, she didn't come to the bar to get drunk she just needed to keep her role at never performing sober. She tipped her head back as she finished off her drink sliding the glass back onto the counter top. \"Donny take care of this for me?\" She asked the bartender that she was good friends with. Donny plucked the cigar out of her hands and took two long puffs before tossing it in the trash underneath the counter. He winked at her, \"Sure thang. You're on next, Darlin'.\" He replied his southern accent ringing in her ears. She turned her attention to the stage area to see Kevin, another town local who had Autism stand in front of the microphone. He was 16 years old and such a sweetie everyone loved him, protected him because everyone in this small town seemed to think everyone as family. He stuttered a little bit as he announced, \"I-India Sephora and the Starlets.\" Everyone clapped as the spotlight shinned on the 5'7 Romanian beauty. She pushed herself from the bar and gave a small wave as everyone clapped for her. She made her way over to the stage where her band was already set up, just as she was about to hop on the stage she felt someone give her a hard smack right on the behind. India looked over her shoulder to see the local douchebag whose been hitting on her since she moved to this city two years ago. Before she could chew him out two of the men from the motorcycle gang who were really buff, she referred to them as Uncle Spice and Uncle Tim dragged him away ignoring his apologies. With a soft smile she flickered her dark brown hair over her shoulders and hopped on the stage. She wrapped her arms around Kevin who allowed it for a minute before handing her the microphone and walked off the stage. India grinned at the crowd before speaking in her soft spoken voice, \"Hello everyone. I hope you've all been having a pleasant night. Tonight I'm going to perform two special songs that I've written a few nights ago. I'm India Sephora and this is my band The Starlets. This first one is called 'Back To You'.\" India stepped back to look at her acoustic guitarist and her pianist. , the only two she needed since this song was a soft. She nodded at the two men to start the instrumental and held the microphone to her lips as if she was kissing the microphone she closed her eyes as she thought of her ex boyfriend Loomis. She wasn't still in love with Loomis though she actually cut herself off from him after the bad break up. India told Loomis that it was a mistake for dating, they were childhood friends all three of them were. It's always been Loomis, India, and Hutch. She broke up with him two days before Valnetine's Day two years ago because she never stayed in a relationship long, she loved hard and gave her significant other whomever it was at a time her heart but she was always the one ending it before they ended it first. Let's just say Loomis was heartbroken he didn't understand why they were doing good, they hardly ever argued she was there whenever his parents got too controlling she was everything to him and he hated her for causing him so much pain but he still loved her with all he had. Yet he still found himself calling her at 2:36 AM every morning because her face, her voice, her scent, her body was embedded in his mind. I can be so vain, so cold sometimes, it's true, I'm such a fool. You don't know that when I lay in bed, I touch myself to you, All the greatly thoughts in my mind designed to cut the loneliness... For emphasis India ran her fingers up her thighs causing the men who were watching to whistle, she smirked as she continued singing. When I pushed away my one true love chance to live in happiness... India felt the familiar pain tugging at her chest as she thought about all the memories of Loomis once again. 'I should of took the whole bottle...I should be drunk to get through this song.' India thought as she started on the chorus: It always comes back to you...It always comes back to you... Sooner than later India found herself singing her second song, a somewhat upbeat song instead to the crowd even though she received great feedback from her more sensitive side. The next song was one of her favorites of course it reminded her of her present relationship status. You got my attention baby let you on a clue, Take me out to dinner got me hanging with your crew. Feelin' on my booty baby look me in the eye, India gave her behind a squeeze before winking at the crowd. Tell me that I'm special and I'm gonna be your wife. You got me all up in your room and then your bed, And all that shit you're sayin' going to my head. You got me feelin' like it's on, I'm thinkin' that you're sure. But right after we're done, I see you walkin' through the door like... India opened her eyes to see a familiar head in the crowd, she sighed catching his eyes. She couldn't quite sense what was behind his eyes but she new she needed to finish this song before talking to him. She snapped her eyes closed before gripping tight onto the mic before belting out the chorus. Don't waste your time, just let it go. You'll be fine out there on your own. Don't waste your time... I'm never coming back...I'm too far gone. India finished off her song before moving back stage, she thanked and hugged her bandmates. Grabbed her water bottle, slipped her jacket on, and snatched her bag off the chair before rushing outside into the spring air. She went through the parking lot spotting her 1969 Dover white SS/RS 350, unlocking the car she tosse her bag into the passenger seat, \"Hi, baby.\" She cooed rubbing the roof top. \"India!\" She tensed before turning her attention to her childhood friend. There Hutch stood jogging his way over to her, it's not like she cut Hutch off too. In fact she hung out with him and his crew...a month ago before Phin pissed her off. Hutch now stood in front of her, his reddish brown hair in it's usual do pushed back away from his face, he towered over her just a bit standing at 5'10. He embraced her holding onto her longer than necessary, India suffered from bi-polar disorder sometimes she loved to be touched sometimes she didn't. She rubbed Hutch's back once she realized he was shaking, \"Hey honey, what's wrong?\" Hutch sniffed as he pulled back from India, he looked off in the distance before shaking his head, \"I-I don't know how to tell you this...\" India frowned searching his face but not finding any answers, she grabbed a hold of his face before pushing some tears away. \"You're scaring me H...what's going on?\" Hutch held his head before mumbling, \"Loomis is dead.\" India sucked in a breath, she almost didn't catch what he said but she did. She leaned back against her car backing away from Hutch, her head began to hurt and legs started to wobble. \"Indie?\" Hutch questioned as India tried to catch onto something but she slid onto the ground and balled legs into her chest. She chewed on her lip and closed her eyes trying to control her breathing. Hutch slid down next to her as she slowly began to rock back and forth holding onto her head, \"No...no...no.\" Hutch cradled her into his chest, she was like the little sister he never had. He knew she would fall apart knowing that her first love was dead but he rather tell her before she found out somewhere else. He held her as she cried into his chest, he told her about how he was the last to talk to him over the phone and how he shot Loomis down for playing this new game he was playing at the time. Hutch told her about how he said he would go over to the house to play with him this weekend and the next day he knows he's getting a call at the office from his mother saying he's gone. Hutch drove India home since she was not in the right state to drive home. She shut off all her emotions like she always did, she remained silent and was dazed. Hutch helped her into her studio apartment, ran her a bath and sat down by the door and listened to her as she cried through the door. He then tucked her into bed, and slept on top of the covers with a blanket right beside his friend. India had three days to get herself together, that's all it took. She got off her ass, looked herself in the mirror and tried to get rid of the loss of Loomis. She decided to look at as if a Angel was looking over her and that was more than enough to keep her going. Hutch picked India up so they could go to the funeral two days later. The funeral of course it was emotional but India did not cry. She spent the next three days preparing herself, she went through her old box underneath the bed that Loomis handed to her before she declared that it was really over. She went through all of their Polaroids and their souvenirs of the different trips they went to. She even sketched him with her favorite black oil pastel pencil of him as a angel, she was even inspired to write new music about him...she kept smiling because that's all that he wanted her to do. Hutch was talking to Loomis' mother off to the side and he kept a close eye on India who was smiling at Loomis' younger sister, in a way of cheering her up he thought. India turned her blue eyes with a hint of green dancing around her pupil away from Loomis' baby sister (who was quite fond of her) to a platinum blonde head who was taking pictures of Hutch's sorrow filled face. India frowned at the young woman wondering if Hutch knew the girl as she started a conversation with him. India grabbed Emma's hand and smiled at her once more, \"Want to go see Hutch?\" Emma nodded but didn't say much, she tightened her hand on India's before the two walked over to Hutch and the mysterious blonde. \"Emma. Hi!\" Hutch breathed before picking the young girl up in his arms and squeezing her to his chest. \"Hi.\" The young girl replied before returning the hug. Hutch placed the dark blonde headed girl back on her two feet, India handed the bag back to the young girl who watched Hutch as he started a small conversation. \"How are you? God, look at you. You're so grown up. How are you doing?\" India smoothed her hair back, \"She's a pretty little thing isn't she?\" Emma blushed and smiled up at India before answering Hutch, \"I'm ok. Um, here. This is my brother's bag.\" Hutch slowly took the dark bag from the little girl's hand, he looked up at India wondering what was given to her she broke her gaze from him and looked at the blonde head once more. \"You don't want this?\" \"No. Mom and dad won't let me play those video games. They were gonna toss 'em. You know, they're too violent. Besides he would want you to have 'em.\" Hutch gave Emma a sad smile and said, \"Come here. Take care, alright?\" He said before giving her a tight hug once more. India pulled Emma off to the side and pulled her to her chest and placed a tender kiss on her forehead, then watched her walk back to her parents. India turned her attention back to Hutch to see the blonde hand him a piece of paper and whispered something to him before walking off. India patted Hutch's shoulder as she joked, \"October won't be happy about that one buddy.\" Hutch rolled his eyes but was happy that India was no longer in tears, \"Shut up...I was just talking.\" India turned her back to the wind as it pushed her long brown hair in her face, \"Sure, just talking. It looks like she likes you.\" Hutch went over to playfully mush her face, \"Shut up and stop trying to be a troublemaker.\" India laughed locking their arms together as they walked over to his car. They were going over to Phin and October's for a little bit. Even though India was dreading seeing Phin again after he pissed her off she did want to see October since she texted her saying that she missed her, how Phin was a idiot, and that needed a girl's night out soon. India decided to put her big girl panties on and suck it up, if Phin wanted a argument he would sure as hell get one. After a few good laughs and bad singing on Hutch's part from the radio he decided to ask India. \"What did they give you?\" India gave a soft smile as she stared at her hands, \"Some of his favorite sweatshirts that I loved on him. And also the engagement ring I threw back in his face.\" Hutch decided to say nothing and locked his hands with hers. October almost knocked India over in a tight hug, India returned the hug grinning at her. She made her way inside of the house/ coffee shop as October greeted Hutch, \"Hey sunshine.\" She noticed Phin sitting in a white tank top busying himself with whatever game he was playing on the laptop. She made her way in the kitchen ignoring him as she started making herself some coffee and looked through the fridge for some food. \"Didn't think you'd be back so soon,\" October said leaning back but still holding Hutch in a embrace. \"Give us a kiss.\" Phin mumbled not taking his eyes off from the computer. October and India rolled her eyes at the foolish man. \"Sorry, Hutch - India. Are you guys okay?\" October said looking back and forth between the two as she hopped onto the counter. \"Yeah, I don't know. It's hard to believe you know.\" Hutch replied. India shrugged as she took a bite out a glazed doughnut, \"He's in a better place...it's great that he doesn't have to stay in this fucked up reality anymore.\" October and Hutch shared a look. \"Did you take your meds my Romanian queen?\" Phin said over his shoulder. India glared at Phin and threw the rest of the glazed doughnut at his head, \"Dispari!\" Phin pulled the doughnut from his hair and placed it into his mouth, \"I don't know what you've said but I know you've said this to me multiple times so I'm gonna go with any time anywhere babe.\" India rolled her eyes once more before shoving a chocolate covered doughnut with sprinkles into her mouth. \"Anyways this is a tragedy, I must say Hutch. I tell you bro, first your parents, now this. God dealt the straws and gave you a short one, man.\" October removed her hands from around Hutch's shoulders to glare at Phin, \"You know, Phin, the problem with your mouth is that stupid insensitive shit comes out of it.\" India nodded along with October, \"You're an idiot.\" Phin ended his game and turned his attention to everyone, \"Be strong - that's all I'm saying. You know what I mean, bro? You're a rock. I love you.\" Phin placed his hand on Hutch's shoulder as Hutch replied with, \"I love you too.\" Phin moved his bright blue green eyes over to India who was leaned against the fridge pulling away pieces of the doughnut apart before shoving it into her mouth. She looked angry, her curvy but thin body stood out even underneath her floral trench jacket. Her hair was curled and fall down her back in waves, she never needed make-up but today she exaggerated her eyeliner on the bottom half of her eyes. He admitted, she looked hot and she didn't have any action with her in a month since the incident. \"Alright. Who talks to their brother like that anyway?\" Phin asked removing his gaze from his girlfriend. He tried calling her to see if she was alright but she didn't answer his calls, but she did however respond to his text messages. Basically saying that he was using Loomis' murder as a excuse to talk to her, he knew she would be vulnerable and he thought she would take him back as a use of comfort. They had a lot to dish out and nobody knew when that would happen but India Lazar was a raging thunderstorm. October responded with, \"Somebody with an idiot for a brother.\" Phin held his chest with a mocking hurt expression on his face, \"Oh, my god, you're a terrible person,\" He removed the look from his face and directed his words at Hutch, \"So, do they know what happened yet?\" Hutch looked down again and India sipped her tea not saying a word. \"All I know that he is urm.. He was murdered -him and two of his friends.\" \"That's awful.\" October said with sorrow in her hoarse voice. Phin looked at the object in Hutch's hand, \"What's in the bag?\" \"Erm.. Video games, pictures, crap like that.\" \"From Loomis?\" \"Yeah.\" Phin pulled out a picture, there were three little kids, two boys and one girl. One little boy had bleach blonde hair but you could tell it was natural, the girl on the side of the dark haired boy had blonde curly hair and the blue eyes but they seemed almost green with a shade of yellow making them pop, and the boy in the middle had dark hair. Phin looked at the picture more to see the little girl sucking on a grape Popsicle. \"No shit! Is this you guys?\" India knew exactly what photo he was talking about...she remembered the day constantly. They were at the beach, India was showing off her new rollerskates while the two boys came back from the ocean to get corndogs. India fell on the pavement and was rewarded a grape popsicle to stop her from crying. \"Yeah.\" \"Look at that. Lighter works...for the both of you.\" October moved in to get a look, \"Gorgeous.\" \"Dude you can keep that if you like it.\" India could tell Hutch was getting a little annoyed with Phin but who didn't get annoyed with him? \"I'm sorry, Hutch.\" October apologized for the thousandth time. \"You must of been adopted.\" Phin finished handing the photo to Hutch. Phin dug around in the bag some more to pull out a video game case, \"Thank you, Loomis.\" \"So, he was a real gamer, huh?\" \"Yeah.\" \"Any good titles in the bag?\" \"I'm not sure, check it out.\" Phin smiled at the case turning it around to the back to see what else it offered, \"Goddamn, y'all. Stay Alive? Never heard of it.\" Hutch swallowed, \"Yeah, that was the game he was playing out the night he died. He asked me to come over and play. I totally blew him off.\" India flicked her eyes over to Hutch before playing the glass into the sink and made her way over to Phin. She plucked the case out of his hands and plopped down on the couch to see the game. It sure as hell looked creepy with the case being a shade of dark colors, red and black. \"Hutch, come on. You didn't know.\" October said rubbing his back. \"I know. It's just...\" Hutch started. \"How'd he get his hands on it?\" Phin questioned looking over India's shoulder. India finally spoke up, \"He did some beta-testing.\" Phin nodded, \"I beta-tested for a while. It's awesome at first, then it's goddamn monotonous.\" Phin stood up and held his hands out and decided to dish his bright idea. \"Let's burn a round for Loomis.\" India put the game down on the coffee table and looked up at Phin, \"Are you an Idiot? No wait let me answer that for you, yes!\" Hutch agreed, \"I just told you, that'd become weird. That was the last thing he was doing before he died.\" India received shivers just thinking about how Loomis was murdered...it just didn't make sense. Phin didn't see the big deal about playing a harmless video games, he thought they were all just being a bunch of pussies. \"Hey, sack up, bro. If Loomis was indeed testing this game, that means it is barely legal.\" There was a grin playing on his face, India seen that look many times whenever Phin was about do something stupid. \"Yeah, this could be nice.\" Phin grinned eyeing the three in the room. India leaned back against the couch and blew her hair out of her face, she knew they were going to be in some deep shit. A/N: AND...That's a wrap! This is chapter one hope you kinda liked it! Reviews maybe? :) Also none of those songs that India performed belong to me they belong to my favorite artist Wynter Gordon.[Chapter 2] A/N: Are any of you reading any interesting books at the moment? I'm reading \"Linger\" By Maggie St iefvater. The book is also a part of a series and if you're into wolves then I suggest you read it! Do you any of you know any good indie movies? If so suggest me some after reading this! BTW this is also a redo of chapter one, I'm taking it into a different direction if you don't mind...if you do then I guess I'm sorry? Happy reading! Honey blonde hair was spread across the dining table it almost resembled a breath-taking sunrise. A young Romanian woman lay slouched over in a chair with her head resting on her arm, she jerked herself awake checking her surroundings. She was still currently at her on - off again boyfriend and sister's apartment. Sitting up properly she flicked her freshly dyed honey locks out of her light brown eyes and frowned at the numbness coming from her left arm, she always tended to sleep on her left arm. With sleepy eyes she looked at the clock to see that it was now going on 1 PM. Blinking a few more times she shook her arm about trying to get some feeling back in before she went to take her shower. Her fingertips were painted with pen ink, she tended to write her music lyrics in a small notebook with gel pens because they were her favorite type of pens to write with. Standing, she left her notebook on the table and wiped the small crust around the small of her lips while walking towards the back of the apartment towards the bathroom. After taking a long brooding shower she ventured out of the bathroom with a towel wrapped around her body towards her boyfriend. Phin's room. To say his room was a mess was a understatement, clothes were all over the place. She would not clean up after him, she was not his mother and was not one of those girlfriends. Tripping over a shoe, she sighed annoyed kicking the shoe underneath his bed...who knows what could possibly be underneath that. Searching through his drawers and closets, she couldn't seem to find anything that caught her interest except a pair of his jeans. Why go out and buy boyfriend jeans when can just wear a pair that you don't have to even pay for? She left out of Phin's room and moved into his big sister, October's room. Her room was much darker, painted a blood red with black covers on her bed opposed to Phin's burnt orange painted room with pictures of swim suit models on his walls. India Lazar knew October wouldn't mind that she wore something as long as she asked, good thing she texted her that she was going to wear something of hers. India found a black crochet bralette to match with Phin's light denim washed jeans, she rolled the the jeans up around the ankle and pulled on white slip on sneakers. Now with her hair, she just decided to brush it through since she had thick hair and pulled it up into a bun while it was still damp. India found herself walking towards the front of the apartment looking for something to cure the loud growling that was coming from her stomach. Finding nothing but Orange Juice, she sipped that down before closing her journal and shoving it between the couch cushions; Then she was on her way out of the apartment and down the steps towards the downstairs coffee shop that Phin and October's grandparents owned. She entered the coffee shop hearing loud chatter between regulars who were either chatting over coffee or tapping away on their laptops. She spotted Phin right away with his opened tan short sleeve blouse with a white sleeveless shirt and woolly hat, he was making his way across towards waiting customers. Sneaking up behind him she stood on her tippy toes placing a peck to the skin on the back of his neck and was satisfied to see goosebumps appear. Her hands reached out for the cup of tea that was placed on a plate, Phin grinned turning around to meet her light brown eyes. \"You're a naughty one Ms. Lazar, kissing me on the neck like that will get you in trouble.\" He flirted leaning down to press a kiss to her lips. Laughing India now held the cup of tea in her hands asking, \"Why'd you leave me sleeping on the table, now I have a crick in my neck and I'm just getting the feeling back in my arm.\" Phin shrugged his shoulders, \"I'll fuck it out of you later,\" He earned a huge smack on the side of his head from India who blushed letting her eyes wonder around to see if anyone heard but was glad that no one was paying attention to the two, \"If it makes you feel any better, My Romanian Queen I fell asleep on the couch and now I have this serious pain in my ass and my back. So we'll both return the favor to each other tonight am I right?\" India smirked as her eyes met his blue green bulbs, \"Maybe. Now who am I bringing this to?\" Phin looked over his shoulder, \"The Asian guy who watches plant life on his laptop all the time. I've tried telling him there's more important things to watch then plants. Hello porn?\" India shushed him as she playfully shoved him towards the counter, she moved her way over to the guy they were just talking about. Offering him a smile she placed the tea on the small space available behind his laptop. The guy thanked her quietly as she saw a few regulars who waved their hands at her, she noticed Hutch entered from the corner of her eye but still made her way over to the two couples she often chatted to, Melanie and Kurt. They were engaged \"hipsters\" who enjoyed her music from her Indie-pop band, India Sephora and The Starlets. \"Hey guys, how's it going?\" India asked as she now stood in front of them. Kurt, who resembled the great Kurt Cobain...good thing his parents named him that because they guy favored him a lot. His hair was naturally blonde and kept dying it all types of colors just like Kurt. He had the same striking blue eyes and the same 'fuck what you think' mentality. Kurt was more of a punk rocker/ alternative while everything about Melanie just screamed \"hipster\" with her huge oval framed glasses and her style. Overall they were decent people. \"Great, thanks for asking! Don't tell us you just woke up?\" Melanie asked peeking up at the honey blonde from underneath her glasses. India grinned and held her hands out, \"Guilty as charged.\" Kurt chuckled as he swallowed his coffee, \"You announced that you were writing some new material about three weeks ago. How's that going for you?\" India remembered that she announced to everyone in the coffee shop that it was time for some new material. She wrote all her music by herself since she was the lead singer from the band, since she didn't know how to play an instrument her band backed her up on that part. She figured out the melody while the guys came up with something to match with their wonderful instruments. She smiled at the two and nodded, \"I did say that didn't I?\" Melanie nodded her head as well, almost like a child and clasped her two hands together. \"Please, please tell us that you have something new for us? Can we hear pieces of it just so we can hold onto something until you decide to perform it?\" Melanie pleaded as she almost bounced in her seat. Kurt placed his rather large hand on top of her clasped ones, \"You defiantly need to lay off the caffeine next time, sweet pea. India doesn't have to do anything she doesn't want to do...even if it is for her favorite couple in the entire world.\" Playfully India frowned, \"Now wait a minute. My favorite couple is definitely Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie.\" Kurt scowled, \"Overrated,\" He mumbled before finishing off his coffee. India glared at him, she accepted peoples opinions but that didn't mean she had to agree with it. She was getting ready to voice her opinions until Melanie slapped Kurt's hands, \"Don't say that! Or else she won't sing us anything.\" Kurt pursed his lips at his fiancee and looked over at India who was smirking at him. She folded her hands in front of her as she said, \"This is a new piece I've been working on for the past three weeks...the guys and I are going to figure out a melody for it in the next week or two then we'll perform it. I've decided to call this, \" Love Out Of Lust.\" Melanie squealed while India just smiled back at the girl, she was too cute. India Sephora and the Starlets were not a signed band but that didn't really matter to India, she sung because it was the only thing that kept her sane. She couldn't find medicine in people, she knew better to find medicine in people. Just look at her history with Phin, they met four or five years ago and they were still together no matter how many times they've broken up. India gave one last smile to Kurt and Melanie before closing her eyes, taking a deep breath and then she started to sing. Her voice was naturally thin as she opened her mouth, \"Rather die in your arms, then die lonesome Rather die hard, then die hollow. The higher that I climb, The deeper I fall down. I'm running out of time, So let's dance while we're waiting. We will live longer than I will. We will be better than I was. We can cross rivers with our will We can do better than I can, So dance while you can. Dance cause you must, Love out of lust. Dance while you can.\" India opened her eyes as she stopped, seeing Kurt and Melanie staring at her with a intrigued stare, they glanced at each other breaking their stare on India and smiled adoringly at each other, \"You're welcome,\" She said giving a crooked smile and flashing them a thumbs up as she moved away from them since her stomach was calling for food. Melanie whooped while Kurt yelled, \"You're a star, India Lazar!\" India blew them a kiss over her shoulder as she yelled back, \"Mulțumesc!\" ( Translation: Thank you) She made her way over to the counter and didn't notice that Phin was behind her, his lips brushed against the side of her face whispering, \"Was that song about me? Admit it.\" India shrugged her shoulders playing it off, \"Wouldn't you like to know?\" Removing herself from in front of Phin she stood next to October and Hutch who were chatting. India smiled up at Hutch, \"How was it?\" Hutch sighed, \"It wasn't great.\" India nodded knowing not to say more. She knew Loomis as well since her childhood was not like other childhoods along with Hutch, she actually lived across the street from Loomis opposed to Hutch who lived around the block. Loomis was slightly weird even as a kid, but a good weird. He was relatively a good kid as India was a smart mouthed kid, which was strange since she was nothing like that now. They all went to the same school until she gladly moved from Louisiana to South Carolina with her Aunt and Uncle to their farm since her parents started taking their frustrations on their child after the death of her baby brother. Loomis, India, and Hutch were the three best buddies meeting in summer camp at the age of nine. The only reason India didn't attend his funeral was because she didn't know how to handle death. At her little brother's funeral she laughed during the whole funeral which nobody seemed to understand, after the funeral she stopped talking for months. See, if she knew how to handle death she was of went to pay her respects but she feels that once the person dies their soul isn't in that body anymore...they are with you anymore...all that's left is a body. And she didn't want to see her little brother like that, she wouldn't see Loomis like that. India moved to find a doughnut waiting for her to sink her teeth into from the glass tray while Phin came by nudging Hutch on his shoulder, \"Tragedy Hutch. I tell you bro, first your parents, now this? God dealt the straws and gave you the short one, man.\" With wide eyes India said annoyed, \"Taci dracului din gura.\" (Translation: Shut the fuck up) She said hitting him for the second time today. October scoffed with her hands on her hips, \"Whatever she just said...I'd probably agree with it. You know, Phin, the problem with your mouth is that stupid insensitive shit comes out of it.\" India nodded her head and held her hand in front of her mouth as she added, \"You're an idiot.\" Phin stared at his sister and girlfriend before holding his hands out and turned to Hutch, \"Be strong - that's all I'm saying. You know what I mean, bro? You're a rock. I love you.\" India knew that Phin didn't mean any harm but he hardly thought before he spoke. She finished off her doughnut as she watched Hutch give Phin a small smile, \"I love you too,\" He said. Phin gave a cheesy smile before looking over at October, \"Alright. Who talks to their brother and future King like that anyway?\" He said glancing over at India who just rolled her eyes at him in reply. October held her hand out to Phin giving him a 'really' stare, \"Someone with an idiot for a brother.\" Phin didn't seem the least bit offended as he mockingly said, \"Oh my god, you're a terrible person.\" He exclaimed before removing a box from the counter to behind it. October smile and shook her head at her brother looking back at Hutch with sympathy written in her dark eyes, \"Do they know what happened yet?\" India eyed him also wondering what really happened to Loomis Crowley, she was concerned for her old childhood friend as well. Hutch pursed his lips as he looked down, \"All I know is that he is urm...he was murdered.\" India put her down for a second as well, that sent a chill up her spine. She never liked the sound of the that word, murder. Her parents would sit and watch crime shows all the time and after watching a documentary on Jeffery Dahmer at eight years old she was scarred for life. \"That's awful.\" October said in her usual raspy voice. Phin decided to break up the depression moment by pointing at the bag on the counter, \"What's in the bag?\" Hutch blinked, \"Erm...video games, pictures, crap like that.\" \"From Loomis?\" \"Yeah.\" October now held a photo in her hand of a young blonde haired Hutch and a dark haired Loomis who had their arms locked around each others with wide smiles on their faces, \"No shit! Is this the two of you?\" India peeked over October's shoulder to get a good look at the two, that photo was adorable. India wondered if Loomis had any pictures of them together when they were young, she dug through the bag as well and found a picture of all three of them summer camp together. India had her natural black hair back then but it styled in a bob with bangs, she had a lolly pop in her mouth as both Hutch and Loomis both pressed a kiss to her cheeks. They looked a bit older then in the photo October was holding. \"Hutch, can I keep this one?\" India asked holding the smaller photo up for him to see. Hutch gave her a soft smile in return, \"Sure.\" She placed the photo in her back pocket. India noticed Phin playing with a lighter that belonged to Loomis, \"Look at that, lighter works.\" She also noticed that Hutch was slowly backing away. She remembered that Hutch had a fear of fire, \"Dude, you can keep that if you like it.\" Hutch stated uncomfortably. India plucked Phin's arm as she flipped the flap closed and looked up at Hutch, \"I'm sorry, Hutch.\" \"You must of been adopted.\" \"Thank you Loomis,\" Phin said kissing the lighter, \"So he was a real gamer, huh?\" India remembered that Loomis always had newest video games since he was a kid, he would always beg for India to come over. Not that she would complain, after her parents started beating her she could do anything to get out of the house. He even had the newest comic books that she would read when she didn't get the point of the video games, and cheered both boys on whenever Hutch decided to come over. \"Yeah,\" Hutch replied. \"Any good titles in the bag?\" Phin ranted as he dug through the bag. \"I'm not sure, check it out.\" Phin moved to the edge of the counter as his fingers pulled out a white covered case, \"Goddamn, ya'll. Stay Alive? Never heard of it.\" He pondered as he studied the not so interesting case. Frowning Hutch started, \"Yeah, that was the game he was playing the night that he died. He asked me to come over and play, I totally blew him off.\" October rubbed his back, \"Hutch, come on. You didn't know.\" \"I know. It's just...\" He spoke his words not leading to anywhere. Phin decided to cut the silence short, \"How'd he get his hands on it?\" \"He did some beta- testing.\" \"I beta tested for awhile. It's awesome at first, then it's goddamn monotonous,\" The friends smiled at that before Phin decided to get a bright idea, \"Let's burn a round for Loomis!\" October gave him a look again, \"Are you an idiot?\" India cut Phin off before he could come up with something else stupid, \"Yes. Yes he is!\" Hutch felt weird about the whole situation as he croaked out, \"I just told you, that'd become weird. That was the last thing he was doing before he died.\" India and October agreed with him completely. Phin was now on the other side of the counter with Hutch and October as he stared at the case once more, \"Hey sack up, bro. If Loomis was indeed testing this game, that means it is barely legal.\" They could see the exciting pouring on his face. India leaned her elbow on the counter and pressed her cheek into her fist as she stared at her boyfriend, she worried about him sometimes. Phin was in awe, \"Yeah this could be nice. Everybody likes to touch something for the first time, I actually get a boner. It's kind of like butterflies, a lot more like...\" Everyone was now smiling at Phin (even India!), he was defiantly a character. October leaned into Phin's face with a raised eyebrows and a smile, \"A boner?\" Phin grinned up at his big sis, \"A boner.\" He insisted. October laughed, \"You are a boner.\" Phin licked his lips, \"That maybe so but Indo likes this boner, am I right?\" He asked winking at a yawning India who flipped him off in return and walked around the counter and away from the group of friends who were laughing. Phin shouted at her retreating form, \"Aw come on, don't be like that! You know I love you!\" But she kept on walking. A few hours later the friends agreed that they would meet up at Hutch's house to play the game. India was walking beside another friend of theirs, Swink, as she helped carry some equipment up the stairs towards Hutch's apartment. India leaned against the wall panting, \"Why were there so many stairs?\" Swink frowned at her, \"My god you're lazy. It was only one flight of stairs.\" India glared her friend, they were the same height so it wasn't that hard for her to do, \"Shut up.\" Swink shrugged, \"Have you thought about taking some vitamins...they're really good for giving the body energy.\" India groaned as she leaned against the wall, Swink stopped talking knowing that was the cause of her annoyance and stared through the peephole. They waited for a few seconds before Swink yelled, \"Hey!\" \"Jesus Christ!\" India and Swink heard Hutch yell from the otherside. \"Can Hutch come out and play?\" Swink teased as India laughed. Hutch unlocked the door looking at both of his friends before playfully glaring at Swink, \"Swink, you scared the crap out of me, man!\" He moved to let the two friends log in the equipment, India shoved a piece onto the floor and moved to make herself comfortable on Hutch's couch. She listened as Swink uncomfortably said he was sorry for his lost and moved over to where India placed the rest of the equipment. \"Look, it's all good. No worries, it'll be good to hang out with you guys,\" Hutch reasoned but India wasn't so sure, nonetheless she squeezed his hand which he thanked her for with his bulbs. The rest of the crew came waddling in, Hutch grinned but dropped it a little once he saw October giving him a look as some blonde girl stood behind him, \"Hey. Ooh.\" October raised her eyebrows, \"Dollface, is there something you would like to tell me?\" India smirked as she eyed the platinum blonde haired young woman, she was thin and her eyeliner was dark making her eyes look black. Short hair, nicely glossed lips. She was pretty and October knew that as well. Hutch looked over at the blonde and smiled, \"Hey, you made it. October, India, fellas, this is Abigail. She's kind of a friend of Loomis', she's gonna hang out for awhile.\" India and Swink gave Abigail a wave which she gave a smile in return, India watched as October tried to hide the scowl on her face. Phin stood up from his spot next to Swink and eyed her for a good minute and uttered, \"Sup, mama?\" India stared at Phin with wide eyes, now it was October's turn to study the two. She shook her head at her brother as she moved her stare to look back at Abigail. Pointing a finger at Phin she warned, \"Don't call her that.\" \"I really don't mind, \"Abigail bubbled. India cut her eyes at her, \"Well I do.\" Abigail's smile dropped as she swallowed and looked over at Hutch, if you thought it was tense before you should see the room now. \"Rawr,\" Phin mimicked a cat next to Swink who just shook his head at his foolish friend, India turned her glare back to Phin who just stared back with wide eyes. Abigail leaned up to Hutch's ear causing October to tense as well, \"I have to pee.\" Hutch nodded, \"Oh, yeah. It's right down the hall.\" \"Oh, sorry.\" She said all dizzy like. \"Alright?\" Hutch questioned. Abigail bit her lip and nodded, \"Yeah I'm good.\" She said patting his arm before walking down the hallway. October gave Hutch a look but he was oblivious to it. Phin decided to add more foul to fire without knowing, \"Girl's got body karate going on.\" \"Shut up!\" October yelled. Growling India pushed herself off the couch and brushed by Phin mumbling, \"Ce idiot. Nu cred cât de prost ai se fi chiar acum, flirtezi cu unele cățea în fața mea? Te voi ucide în somn, dacă încerci vreodată că din nou\" (Translation: What an idiot? I can't believe how stupid you are being right now, Flirting with some bitch in front of me?! I'll kill him in sleep if he ever tries that again.) Phin frowned watching his girlfriend's backside as she went, \"What's up with the Romanian Queen?\" October and Hutch just shook their heads at Phin. \"Even I knew what you did wrong and I haven't had a girlfriend in a few years.\" Swink said. Phin tapped his shoulder, \"I wouldn't admit that out loud to anyone else, kid.\" Fifteen minutes later the friends were all seated on couch or on the floor with the game hooked up. October was closest to the door, Hutch was sitting next to her but on the floor, Phin was in the middle of October and a slightly pissed India, and Swink was sitting in a chair that was right next to the couch. Abigail held out a antique camera as she stood in front of the group of friends, \"Smile!\" India was almost tempted to slip the bird in the photo but decided not to even acknowledge the girl. She didn't know why she was so pissed, she knew Phin tended to flirt with other girls but that didn't really mean anything to him...but that didn't mean it didn't sting any less. They've broken up a total of three times and she can't put all of the blame on Phin like she wants to. October sent her a dark look while holding onto her controller, she did not care for this girl at all. Phin leans over India who has her back pressed against the cushion of the couch, he licks Swink's controller and hands it back to him. \"Bro,\" Swink says disgusted. \"Let's do it.\" Swink groans. Phin smirks, \"Put your hands on it.\" \"That's disgusting!\"Swink scolded. \"Touch it,\" Phin encourages. Swink snatches the controller trying to wipe the saliva onto his jeans. Phin grins and leans back for a second looking at India who is messing around with the controller and not paying him any attention. \"You alright my Romanian Queen?\" India gives a bitter smile, \"Just peachy.\" Phin frowns, \"What did I do wrong now?\" India sighs, \"You're flirting with another girl in front of me...we've been through this a thousand times and you know I hate it.\" Phin pulls his lips up to his nose before saying, \"You know you're the only woman for me...there's no need to be jealous. You're the only one, so fucking what I said that she's nice looking but that doesn't mean I want her. You should know that, we've been together for how long? You get sick of me, I get sick of you...it's the circle of our life. Stop being jealous baby, I love you and only you...remember that. This is the last time I'm getting sappy with you over this shit...until we get married of course.\" India's glare slowly turned in a wide smile, Phin smiled back knowing that her anger dissolved. She couldn't stay mad at him for long and they both knew it. \"Now give daddy a wet kiss.\" India rolled her eyes, \"Not when you say it like that.\" Phin yelled dramatically, \"If you don't give me a kiss...you'll never get to look at any of this again.\" India let out a small laugh before pressing her lips to his, it was a short tender kiss but it was enough to make them both satisfied. Phin dramatically licked his lips and moved his attention to the TV. \"Sweet Sebastian Bach, I wanna play.\" Phin greeted Hutch's boss who was also a friend of theirs. \"Bossman, hooking up?\" Hutch asked, \"Miller you signed in? You there? \"Yeah, I'm here,\" Bach stated allowing everyone to hear him through their headsets, \"Yeah now, loretta called my wife, told her I got caught up in a partner meeting.\" Hutch waited for Bach to finish before declaring and creating his character along with everyone else, \"Alright guys, enough chatter. The name of this game is Stay Alive. We don't know much else, other than we're not supposed to have it.\" Everyone finished their characters waiting on Hutch to get them to the game but it seems that he couldn't do that. He was controller number one, he clicked around and mashed on buttons but the screen would not move. \"She's stubborn,\" Hutch claimed, \"Isn't letting me into the game.\" Abigail moved her fingers from his lips as she pointed, \"Maybe you're supposed to read it,\" She said pointing at the open book on the screen. October snorted and Abigail looked up and over at her then fanned her hands out, \"Just a thought.\" Swink, who was leaning his elbows on his knees urged, \"Voice activated? No way. That's next generation technology.\" \"OK.\" Abigail finalized not wanting to argue with the new group of friends. Hutch hesitated before deciding to take Abigail's advice, \"Come to me clouds...\" Everyone gasped as the lines of the page disappeared, \"Whoa, what? It's like a seance or...\" \"Is anyone else freaking the fuck out or is it just me?\" India deadpanned. Swink shared a look with her with a nod. Phin scoffed, \"Can we skip the cinematic foreplay? I want to fuuuuuckkk.\" Hutch swallowed, \"Okay, everybody say this alright?\" India chewed on her bottom lip, she didn't like this one bit but followed along as everyone started to chant. \"Come to me, clouds. May you rise as an evil storm born to rip them open. Let the cover of the night bear witness and destroy those who resist. So they shall harm me not. Let the blood of many cleanse me, preserving beauty eternal, I pray you.\" India rubbed her sweaty hands on her pant legs as the book disappeared from everyone's glance. A deep haunting voice spoke to them as their view flew over a property towards a spooky large and dark house. \" Welcome. If you're listening to this it means you've made a grave mistake. You spoke the words and soon, you will die for it. At this very moment, the evil of this place courses through your veins. You have been marked for death. Your choice has brought you here, to Gerouge Plantation. Countess Elizabeth Bathory opened Gerouge as a finishing school for young...\" Recognition falls onto October's face, \"Gerouge...\" \"You've heard of it?\" India asks her thin voice sounding shaky. October nods looking over at Phin, \"Yeah. Do you remember that grandma used to tell us if we didn't get home before dark, we'd get taken off-\" Phin cut her off not taking his eyes off the screen, \"Yeah, but do y ou remember that grandma used to wear panties on the outside?\" October rolled her eyes, \"Seriously, though, I know this, guys...I've heard this story. What happened to those girls was so depraved that all accounts were stricken for public record...\" She finished. \" The evil of Gerouge has been reborn. Your salvation lies beyond the gates of this plantation. Your only chance is this: uncover the horrible truth about Gerouge Plantation and stop the evil. But in order to do that, you must Stay Alive.\" Fear and shivers ran up India's back and neck, she did not like this one bit. If she could turn back time she would not play this game at all, but little did they all know there was no turning back. A/N: okay, I'm done! I got a little creeped out towards the end, plus I'm writing this while everyone is asleep. Don't read this when it's dark, even though I said I enjoyed this movie...I never really watched or write anything scary at night because that's when you're mind starts to play tricks on you! More to come soon! I'm off to watch orange is the new black then off to bed, see ya when I see ya ;] Also lyrics do not belong to me they belong to Lykke Li | Check the song out it's called \"Love out of lust\" if you're into indie-pop or if you're open to listening to new music, my favorite song will always be No Rest For The Wicked & Until We Bleed. -ALovelyEccentricSoul[Chapter 3] A/N: Received some feedback on one of my stories (Soul Meets Body) which is what motivated me to write. I'll update Soul meets body after I'm done updating Moondust. So if you drop a review the quicker updates are :) \"I'm starting to get a little creeped out,\" Swink said as the friends watched their characters stand side by side. Everyone shushed him as Phin whispered, \"Shut the hell up.\" Hutch pressed his thumbs against the knobs of the controller as everyone watched his character start to step forward. \"Where the hell are you going, bro?\" Hutch kept his eyes trained on the screen as he replied, \"Just trying to figure it out man.\" Hutch's character stood off to the side as everyone's controller started to vibrate in their hands. \"Whoa!\" The group of friends exclaimed. Miller from his office latched onto his controller his eyes searching the screen before questioning, \"You guys feel them?\" \"Hell yeah. Feel them in my pants, baby.\" Phin grinned. India rolled her eyes at that. \"Must mean we're close to something,\" Hutch offered. \"Or something is close to us,\" Swink clarified as everyone watched a small girl stalk towards Hutch's character. Phin leaned towards Hutch, \"God, you better pull your weapon, bro.\" Hutch's character turned to the rest of the group before he asked, \"How about somebody do something. Swink?\" Swink shook his head, \"No, I'm good.\" The little girl was getting closer and closer as Abigail's voice came into play, \"How do you kill her? She's already dead. Look out!\" Hutch aimed his weapon at the little girl who let out a piercing screech, he started shooting at her the impact leaving a hole in her chest. She let out another screech as Hutch continued pressing on his controller and the girl fell to her stomach before disappearing. \"Okay,\" Hutch breathed as the girl's soul began to lift from her body. \" When fear cripples you, when death's shadow surrounds you, drop a rose.\" The deep robotic voice spoke from the screen. Swink's character stepped forward as he moved to pick up the rose that was left behind, \"Right. It'll give us a chance to escape ghosts we can't face.\" \"Yeah, the undead can't cross the twig of a wild rose,\" October agreed. India was just lost and ready for this game to be over with. She needed a nice warm bath. Phin snorted, \"That is what you learn when you read too much goth chick-lit. Lay off the incense, sister.\" India could see Abigail's smirk from her side of the room, she honestly just wanted to deck her right in her eye. \"And the game's fun, but it kind of moves along at a snail's pace.\" Phin continued. Two hours into the game and Phin was just getting into it. \"Left, go left, go left. Left! On your left! On you left! Left! Left! Goddamn it, you noob!\" He yelled at Miller over the headset. The two were in the cemetery together getting chased by young little girls in their blood coated dresses. \"OK. and you eat my nails, and you eat my nails!\" Phin yelled, he was giving India a headache to the point where she slapped her hand over his mouth. Phin licked her hand knowing that would would make India's hand remove from his mouth, which it did. \"Go round the mausoleum. man. Nice. And eat this. Come on! Sweet Jesus, these dead bitches are coming out in droves.\" India's character was not with Miller or Phin's, her character was along Swink's and she wouldn't admit that she was having fun killing these little girls. Okay, don't take that the wrong way. \"Miller. the Bathory tomb. in front of you. Do not close the door. man. Do not close the door. No! Oh. my God!\" Phin screamed at Miller as he was left outside. \"Hello, Mumsy.\" Miller stated in a British accent. Abigail spoke up from her view of the screen next to Hutch's character, \"Whoa, whoa. What's that?\" Hutch turned his character, \"What's... where?\" \"Right there. Is something in that wardrobe?\" \"Oh, nice eye.\" Hutch commented as he moved his character forward to open the wardrobe. India noticed the look October was giving the two, she knows because she gave that exact look to Phin one too many times. \"Thank you,\" The blonde piped up. Phin smirked, \"Congrats, Abs. You popped your cherry.\" Ignoring Phin, Abigail moved after Hutch as they both faced a empty stairwell. \"It's a secret room or something.\" Hutch aimed his cross bow at the stairwell just in case of any surprises decided to show up. It began to thunder and lightening from outside of the game, catching India off guard. She dropped her controller but thanks to everyone being too caught up in the game they didn't notice. Everyone's screen now watched as Hutch's character saw a painting of a lady in red as haunting piano music started to play. Hutch's view looked down to see the name of the person in the painting: Countess Elizabeth Bathory. His eyes traveled down a bit further to see a book inside of a glass case. \"Is that a diary?\" Abigail asked as Hutch's character opened it. \"Duh,\" India sung. October grinned, \"Yeah. The one from the beginning with the prayer in it,\" She answered as if it was so obvious which it was. \"Miller. Are you OK?\" Hutch decided to check in on his boss. \"Yeah. No, I'm good.\" Miller answered monotonously staring at his laptop screen. Phin cut in, \"Are you in those tunnels again man? Because there is actually no action down there. The doors are locked.\" With a cigarette in between his lips Miller muttered, \"Well, they're open now. You know, I'm exploring, tearing shit up. Ownin' fools.\" India snickered, \"Owin' fools?\" \"I'm telling you, my controller is vibrating.\" Miller stated as his character leaned up behind the door his shotgun held to his chest. \"You'd better drop a rose,\" Hutch declared. Miller's character dropped one rose along the blood trail behind the door he breathed before announcing, \"Now I'm out of... I'm out of... I'm out of goddamn roses, man.\" Swink with wide eyes asks, \"Tell us what you see before you book it out of there.\" Miller's character was now inside of the room, his gun held out in front of him as he surveyed the room. \"Some sort of sick torture room or... God, man. I just saw a flash of dead girls, or...Goddammit, man!\" He eyed the dead girl laying in a bloody bathtub. \"Man, she got me.\" Miller said annoyed as he tried to get his character out from the lady in the red's grasp. \"Who?\" October and India questioned as the same time. \"One of the girls?\" India finished. \"Some woman, and I think it was the dame from the painting. You know, that countess. You know, I didn't even get a chance to fight her, man.\" Miller said as his character lay on the dresser with large pliers in his throat. GAME OVER flashed on his screen. \"K. OK, where's the torture chamber? 'Cause I want some ass,\" Phin said with a devious look on his face. Only Phin. \"I went through a secret entrance you know.\" Hutch held onto his controller as he asked, \"Hey, are you gonna try and get back in the game?\" Miller inhaled, \"Well..\" His attention moved from his screen as a flash of lightening lit the room up with a eerie screech. He leaned on the side of his computer chair asking, \"Hey, is somebody out there?\" India frowned as she felt a chill crawl up her spine. \"Miller. who are you talking to man?\" Hutch wondered. \"I don't know.\" Miller, who still had his eyes trained on the dark hallway outside of his door, \"Probably some goddamn rent-a-cop trying to scare the shit out of the living.\" He leaned back into his chair letting out a small laugh, \"You know what they say. You play the game too long, you start seeing shit. You know, or have seizures.\" Miller rubbed his eyes as he tried to get comfortable in his chair. \"Games could cause seizures. Perceptive of reality on the other hand, has yielded some very interesting studies.\" October and India shared a smile before looking at Swink who was just so intelligent. \"So you've read them all?\" Phin asked his eyes still on the screen. \"I have. It seems the longer you play,the more your mind perceives the game world to be a reality. You know, It's really interesting, but it's only a theory of then there's is, you know, retinal memory, which...\" While Swink was giving the group of friends a psychology lesson, Phin waved two of his fingers towards himself mockingly. October laughed and placed her hand on his knee, \"That is so fascinating, sweetie, but I'm feeling like we should call it a night.\" Hutch yawned, \"Yeah, some of us have gotta be at work.\" Swink held his hands towards the game, \"But I just figured out how to strip one of those zombie characters, naked.\" \"That is what I am talking about, how do you do it?\" Phin asked with determination on his face. \"Up, up, down, down, left, right, left, right, B, A, B,A.\" Swink said quickly. India noticed when her character was with his that he drooled a little bit, she now figured that Swink found this new information. \"Boobs,\" Phin said with a nod. India shook her head at her boyfriend who was now sitting in front of her on his knees, and stretched her arms letting out a whale noise as her back cracked releasing tension in her spine. October laughed, \"Oh, come on you guys. Hutch is right, we'll pick this back up tomorrow.\" India stood up as Hutch asked if Miller would be joining them on their second round tomorrow, she was not carrying any of that shit back downstairs that's for sure. Everyone bid their goodbyes to Hutch deciding to leave some of the equipment here so they didn't have to bring it back the next day, it almost tore Swink's little nerd heart but with a shove out of the door he would be alright. Phin threw his arm over India's shoulders squeezing him to his side as she wrapped a arm around his torso. The Louisiana air felt just right, with just enough warmth and breeze combined. The walk to the car was short, Phin turned to Abigail who was turning in the opposite direction. \"You want a ride, mama?\" Phin asked his hands slipping down to grip India's ass. Abigail smiled, \"No, it's alright. The bus stop is only a block or two over from here.\" October shot Phin a look as she stood outside gripping onto the door of her car. Swink shook his head, \"No girl should walk the streets alone especially at night. That's how they become targets.\" India glared at Swink, \"And what makes you think girls can't protect themselves? Why should females have to watch out for themselves, men should learn how to not be disgusting pigs.\" Phin groaned rubbing his eyes, \"Oh shit, thanks Swink you've got her started on this feminist stuff now.\" India removed Phin's arm from around her shoulders opening the passenger door, \"From woman to woman if you feel nervous then come on, we'll give you a ride. If you want to walk over to the bus stop, that's totally up to you. No one is forcing you,\" The honey haired girl climbed into the car sliding into the middle. October nodded at Abigail before climbing into the driver's seat, Phin held the door open for Abigail who politely smiled and climbed in next to Swink. Durning the late night cruise, Phin acted like the child he was the whole ride, October smoked her a cigarette blowing it out the window while she really wanted to blow it in Miss. Blondie's face, and Swink yelled off statics. Although India still felt a little strange like something bad was going to happen tonight, but instead of going straight home the group of friends went for a quick drink. Swink decided to be the designated driver although, Phin and October were the ones who needed to be sober the next day but that didn't stop them. October only had two shots, Phin went all out, India decided to have a shot of Tuica although it was average and store brought. Abigail was dropped off before they all went drinking, India and October didn't feel like playing nice any longer. When October, India, and Phin got to the apartment October stumbled to her room and collapsed on her bed. India helped her touchy feely boyfriend to his bedroom and climbed in next to him. \"W-Why'd your 'rents named you India i-instead of Ramona?\" Phin said pressing lazy kisses on India's face. India shrugged, \"Good question, now shut up and sleep.\" Phin breathed and turned his back to India, \"F-fine. Night Ramona from Romania.\" India rolled her eyes but turned to Phin's back pressing a kiss on the bare skin on his neck. When she closed her eyes, she could still not get the feeling that something bad was about to happen. She shook it off as best as she could wrapping her arms around Phin's torso pulling him closer to her. He smelled of musk, mint, liquor, and a little bit of sweat but it was enough to help her forget that feeling that her life was about to get complicated once again. A/N: Next chapter will be better.[Chapter 4] Miller was dead. India felt a chill run up her spine when Hutch informed her and the rest of the friends at the Cafe. Something did not sit well with her last night and she sure as hell didn't feel better about it today. The five friends sat a table in mourning, not sure what to say or do about the whole situation. It's insane that as soon as you lose someone the only thing that runs through your mind is when you last saw them or the last words spoken to them. \"Sweet shit, get a load of this! I think I've found boss man's body.\" Phin's voice cut through the silence. Hutch jumped up first from the table moving behind the counter where Phin sat at the computer. The rest of the friends followed shortly after crowding around Phin to see Miller's character laying in the exact position Hutch got a glimpse of back at the office. \"Oh, god!\" Abigail covered her mouth with her scarf. \"That's off-putting,\" Swink added. India swallowed and pushed her hair out of her face. \"Didn't you say Miller was stabbed today, Hutch?\" Phin asked while he eyes remained on the computer screen. Hutch turned his head to the side snapping his eyelids tight, \"Man, I can't look at this.\" That was all the answer Phin needed as he announced, \"Yeah, I think I'll have to quit hanging around with you, brother.\" India glared at the back of Phin's head during October's scolding, \"Hutch I'm sorry. Phin, if you had any less sense, you'd be half a penny. Now shut the goddamn game off.\" Phin did as his older sister said exiting out of the game and turned around in his chair, \"Why, because we found Miller's body in it?\" \"Tâmpit,\"( asshole) India muttered her eyes connecting with Phin's to make sure that he knew that he was her target. \"It is a horror survival game.\" Swink hinted. Phin shrugged his shoulders, \"I mean I hate to be a dick, but I think you guys are overreacting just a little bit.\" He held his finger and thumb out for dramatic effect. \"Would you show some respect, man?\" Abigail bit. India raised her eyebrow at the platinum blonde, the only one that could really put her man in place was his sister and herself. She must admit that Phin acting unsympathetic did make him sound more like a dick than he actually was. Phin titled his head to the side the sunglasses in his hair titling as well,\"Respect? You pay respect to gamers by gaming,so let's boot it up. To Miller.\" He turned around to the computer. Hutch snapped his head to Phin, \"You know what man? Stop saying that! You're not playing for Miller or Loomis.\" \"You don't even know those guys, right?\" Abigail asked to make a point. Phin turned around again resting his arm on the top of the chair, \"Listen, If you wanna curl up in the fetal position for the rest of the day, its fine, but don't expect me to. And, as for you, I just met you like goddamn yesterday, so kiss my ass.\" Abigail held her mouth open in shock as India bit down on her nail to stop the laugh that bubbled in her throat. \"Phin!\" Hutch warned. \"What? Look, why don't you guys get out of here and let me play in peace?\" The silence lasted for a few seconds before Abigail rolled her neck holding up her pointer finger and her middle finger around her can, \"Peace.\" In India's view it looked stupid, she did not know what this girl was about but it defiantly was not what she put herself out to be. Everyone started to pile out of the room but October stayed behind to sit on the counter grabbing onto Phin's face, \"Hey, take it easy.\" Phin looked up in his sister's eyes mumbling, \"I'm sorry.\" October wrapped her arm around his throat pulling his head to her chest placing a kiss on his hair before leaving. \"You coming?\" October's hoarse voice questioned India who leaned in the door frame. India nodded, \"In a minute.\" October smiled leaving India with Phin. The honey blonde girl stood next to Phin who leaned back to get a good look at his girl. She worse a black Scuba cutout dress, with the right amount of skin showing the large tattoo on her left rib cage, her thick golden legs were shining even in the darkly lit Cafe, and her honey highlighted hair was messy just how he loved it. He blinked wrapped an arm around her waist tugging her body to him, \"You came to scold me too?\" India shook her head caressing Phin's face before plopping down in his lap, her arms wrapped around his neck. She stared at his pouty lips before pressing hers on his, Phin made a noise of satisfaction making India laugh into the kiss. India pulled away to stare into Phin's blue green eyes, \"Nope. I came to cuddle with my idiot of a boyfriend for a few seconds, since you want to be left alone in peace.\" India rested her head in between the space of his neck and shoulder nuzzling her cheek into his skin. Phin scoffed, \"You're always welcome to stay. Those suckers were giving me a fucking headache about the whole thing.\" India sighed, \"But you do understand where they're coming from don't you?\" Phin ran his fingertips against India's thigh, \"Yeah yeah. Let's talk about something else.\" \"Like what?\" India voiced as she pulled back to stare at her boyfriend. Phin smirked, \"We can do a lot of things to make it more peaceful around here.\" India rolled her dark brown eyes, \"And this is where I leave you.\" Phin latched onto her waist trying to pull her back into his lap, \"Come on...everyone's gone.\" \"Is sex the only thing that runs through your mind?\" India asked annoyed that she failed to get out of his grasp. Phin pecked her lips, \"No. I also think about other things...\" \"Like?\" \"Uh...I'll get back to you on that.\" India gave a semi-hard punch to Phin's shoulder allowing his hands to slip from her waist. He winced rubbing his now sorta sore shoulder sending a glare towards his on and off again girlfriend. India stood with her hands on her hips, \"That's for being mean to Hutch. Catch ya later, babe.\" She left her boyfriend laughing at his grumbles that sounded like, \"That woman is hot and cold. She never plays nice for long.\" India made it to the rooftop just in time to hear Abigial say, \"Look, I'm no gamer, but there are only so many ways you could die in a video game. It's all just really bad timing.\" She plopped down in the chair across from Swink resting her elbows on the table top as Swink pulled his UV sun visor hat off. \"Not really. In a sense, the timing is bad because he over-responds to deaths. When you think about it, the coincidence of finding Miller's game body and his real body was perfect. That's why we're freaked out.\" India nodded agreeing with her intelligent friend completely. Swink started to think more about it, \"Maybe timing had nothing to do with it. Maybe it was inevitable. Possible homicidal replication on a sociopathic level.\" Hutch started to move around holding onto his beer and also thought about it. \"Where are you going?\" October asked what the remaining four all were wondering. Hutch turned to his friends, \"Loomis said his friends were playing that video game the night they died, hours before, Now Miller. What are the chances of all of them being murdered right after playing that video game? Jesus, if Phineus is playing that game...\" Hutch left the rooftop rushing down the steps as the friends raced after him, \"Hutch! Come on, honey. You've gotta relax.\" October spoke grabbing Hutch's arm. India felt the chill run down her spine again, this was not good. \"It's just bad timing!\" Abigail suggested. Hutch continued running down the steps, \"But, Swink said what about timing has nothing to do with it.\" The girls turned to Swink who looked like he regretted saying so, \"Did I say that? I have a penchant for big theories. Don't listen to me.\" The five friends ran down to the Cafe. Hutch was the first to enter the Cafe yelling, \"Phineus! Phin! Oh, my God!\" Phin had his face resting against the computer keyboard, it looked as if he stopped breathing. India's wide eyes returned to the normal size as she realized what the hell her boyfriend was doing. October stood with one hand on her hip irritated about the whole thing. \"What are you doing, man?\" Hutch asked concerned. India was started to feel bad for her friend. Everything was completely fucked up and now Hutch became paranoid but she did not blame him. Phin leaned back into his chair staring at Hutch, \"I'm pulling this bitch. What's it look like?\" He placed his bong to the side releasing the smoke from his nose. Hutch sounded defeated, \"What if Loomis and Miller...\" \"Was more than a coincidence? They both played the game and then they died, so...obviously the video game killed them, right? Are you serious, man? Listen to yourself.\" \"Phin,\" India warned. Phin turned his head to the side glancing at Swink, \"I was ready to bite it anyway. Hey Swink, check this mirror I found. I flipped it over. The back works like a mirror, but it won't break like the other one. I think it's made out of polished silver something. I don't know. You guys don't have one.\" He got out of his seat allowing Swink to take his spot to stare at the paused game on the computer. Phin held onto his jean jacket turning to Hutch, \"We all know you've been through a lot, and you know I love you, but you're freaking everybody out now.\" Hutch nodded, \"I know. Yeah.\" Phin patted his shoulder and brushed by India pulling her along with him. India couldn't believe that Phin brought her along just for him to work on his precious car. After turning him down for some car sex he decided he was going to punish her and make her watch him work on his car all seductively but she would not give in. She stood outside of the car on the passenger side holding onto her little journal crossing some lines out that did not fit well with her new project at all. She started singing over the words slowly and softly: Oh, I beg you: Can I follow? Oh, I ask you: Why not always? Be the ocean, where I unravel. Be my only, be the water where I'm wading. You're my river running high. Run deep, run wild. I, I follow, I follow you. Deep sea baby, I follow you. I, I follow I follow you, Dark doom, honey. I follow you. India was brought out of her singing as a loud truck horn echoed in her ear drums, she quickly lifted her head to see Phin pressed tightly against the car as if the sound alerted him too. India noticed that Phin was gasping for breath which made her raise an eyebrow, \"You alright?\" Phin turned to her almost forgetting that she were there with him since she liked to be so damn quiet. \"Yeah. Let's get back on the road I'm sure those dickheads will be calling us soon.\" India nodded climbing into the passenger seat as Phin closed the hood to his precious red car. The two were speeding down the road with \"Sweet Dreams\" By Air Supply blasting from the speakers. Phin, sadly would not shut up as he sung along to it obnoxiously. \" Close your eyes, I want to ride the skies in my sweet dreaaaams! Close your eyes, I want to see you tonight in my sweeeet dreaaams! Funky!\" He yelled. India smiled at Phin turning her attention back to the green that blurred by her eyes, she decided to let him have his fun. Fun was definitely what the two needed with this video game crap scaring them, well India half to death. The sky suddenly started to get darker as the song faded away and two looked up at the sky. India started to feel uneasy once again and Phin pulled the gear shift back increasing speed down the road. As they continued down the road fog made it's self known, India was the first to let out a scream as a little girl appeared in front of the fog. Phin let out a scream also swerving the car to the right towards a tree, but thankfully he slammed on breaks before the car could greet the tree. \"What the hell?\" India yelled. Phin breathed unbuckling his seat belt looking over at her to make sure she was alright. He held onto his phone unaware that he answered it before the girl caused him to almost have an accident. \"Where are you going? Get back in the car!\" India yelled as Phin climbed out of the vehicle walking a few ways down. \"Is anybody out there?\" Phin yelled into the fog. India groaned climbing out of the car to stand beside Phin with her arms crossed. She heard October ask, \"Phin, are you okay? What about India?\" \"Yeah. We're awesome!\" Phin exasperates. Hutch's voice cut in, \"Phin, It's Hutch. Where are you guys?\" Phin walked backwards than forwards explaining, \"I was on my way, but my whip got stuck out on River Road. We're just south of Binky's Adult Store man.\" \"I'll drive,\" A new voice declared. \"Who's that? Abigail?\" \"Yeah,\" She answered. \"Sup mama?\" India crossed her arms tighter to her chest giving Phin a look who just held his hands out to prove that he meant nothing by it. \"What's up?\" Abigail greeted. India marched over to Phin and snatched his phone out his hands, \"Hey Swinky, when you were talking about perceptive reality, were you talking about hearing or seeing things, or both?\" \"Both. It's see, relatively speaking...\" Phin snatched his phone back, \"Shut up. Listen, I've not tripped out like this since I ate that matzo ball at Bible camp brother.\" October calmed her brother down, \"Hey. Phin. Hang on. We're coming to get you guys.\" She continued, \"Phin, India. You guys didn't die in the game remember? I'll be right there.\" \"That's right! We didn't die in the game baby!\" Phin yelled hanging up his phone then he latched onto India and spun her around. The darkeness did not help the annoying ice cold shiver that continued racing up India's back as the two stood in the middle of the road. India stared down one street while Phin looked the other way, a sound of horses in the distance brought Phin's attention to India's way. Phin started walking ahead of India but she grabbed onto his hand, \"What are you doing?\" \"Hey. Wait a minute. In the game, she only comes at night.\" Phin realized. India looked around, that's exactly why the skies suddenly turned dark. She was coming. \"Is anybody out there?\" Phin questioned suddenly feeling scared. India slapped his back, \"Stop asking that goddamn question!\" India turned just in time to hear a whip and horses, she shoved Phin to the side tumbling on top of him. She looked over to see the spirit of Elizabeth Bathory on her carriage screeching at the girl. She decided to turn her carriage around, India turned to Phin to see that he was out cold. She shook him but he would not wake up, quickly she started dragging him towards the car but screamed as Elizabeth Bathory climbed out of her carriage. India hopped over the fence and started running through the fields noticing the carriage following closely behind. She ran in zig zags rushing towards the trees and hid behind them. The honey blonde girl blew her hair out of her face and placed her hand over her panting breaths as she heard the clicking of Elizabeth's heels. India counted to three and ran away deeper into the woods finding a bigger tree than the next to hide her. While running she did not expect Elizabeth to wait for her, slashing at her legs causing the girl to fly face first into the dirt. India rolled over onto her back screaming and pushed herself backwards in pain away from the serial killer woman. This did not stop her from slashing at India with a whip in one hand and a blade in the other. India's screams could be heard throughout the field as the whip burned her skin leaving damage to her face, arms, and legs. Elizabeth stopped her whipping to look down at her work, India had her eyes closed but she wheezed as she tried to find her breaths. Elizabeth dropped her whip now holding her blade in both hands, she raised her blade above her head eyeing the young girl before her. Then she swung. A/N: Lyrics belong to Lykke Li.[Chapter 5] The four friends were in the waiting room, the room tense from not only the questioning from the detectives but also from the fact that this was all real. The video game was killing people and getting away with it. Hutch sat next to Abigail who had her legs balled up in the chair while biting onto her nails, Hutch's leg continued to bounce as his eyes darted around the room. He's been in this situation before, waiting to see if his mother survived the burns. He's also been here that night stuck in a hospital room getting the burns treated on his shoulder blade, when he found out that his mother was gone...he just hoped Phin and India made it. October and Swink were pacing back annd forth allowing their nerves to get the best of them. He didn't blame them. As Abigail drove the friends to where Phin said he and India would be Swink was on his laptop watching the character version of India dodge Phin's dead. That only made Abigail drive faster to the scene, it was disturbing to know that this game planned out their deaths possibly from the start. A doctor and a nurse appeared in front of the friends causing all of their attention to finally focus. When the doctor and nurse left the small group of friends they all turned to each other letting the new found information sink in. Then they slowly made their way down the hallway to find the rooms. . . . . . \"Holy shit! I can honestly say it's good to see you fuckers, now come give me some love.\" Phin waved his arms about. October was the first to move throwing her arms around her brother, \"Don't you ever scare me like that again.\" Phin embraced his sister allowing her to place a kiss to his cheek, \"It's not like I planned this. I'm still alive aren't I?\" Hutch was the last to hug him and sighed, \"Phin I'm sorry-\" Phin scratched the bandage that was wrapped around his head, \"I should be the one apologizing...Wow I never thought I would be the one to say that but- I didn't believe you when you thought the video game was real. I made you feel like shit and I'm sorry and I believe you.\" Swink who sat in a chair by his bed asked, \"What exactly happened? I was on the laptop and the only view I received was India running from Elizabeth.\" \"The skies became darker and that's how I knew she was on her way from hell. I heard the horses neighing or whatever it is that they do and the next thing I know is India is knocking me to the ground...then I'm out cold.\" The friends remained in silence for a few seconds before Phin spoke up again, \"By the way where is she?\" Hutch, Swink, and Abigail all turned to October waiting for her to tell Phin. Phin didn't like the look their friends were giving his sister, he didn't know what that glance implied. \"Seriously where is my Romanian Queen?\" Phin's voice almost sounding like a worried child. October sighed sitting on the edge of the bed caressing her brother's face before telling him the news. Phin allowed October to wheel him down the hallway with their friends following after them. Hutch pushed the door holding it open as October wheeled Phin into the room. Phin winced at the sight in front of him but tried his best to hide it. \"Hey hot-stuff,\" India greeted him. Phin blew out a breath as October pushed him directly next to her bed, \"Heey...what did that bitch do to you?\" India snorted, \"A good boyfriend would just tell me I still look beautiful.\" Phin didn't hide the way his eyes trailed over the whip marks, the one that looked the worse appeared to be the one that hung from the corner of her eye down to her cheek. \"Well you already know that you do so there's no point in me telling you is there?\" He began to stroke her hair not caring how he showed affection in front of his friends. \"Why didn't you just let her run me over?\" Phin asked feeling the guilt at the bottom of his stomach. India raised an eyebrow but stopped after feeling a stinging sensation by her eye, \"And let you die? Are you nuts?\" Phin gave her a small smile tracing over her face once more, \"Just to let you know I'd still bang ya.\" India lifted her free hand to her left eye hiding her embarrassment, \"And the moment is gone.\" Although she started to feel less insecure now that her boyfriend still found her bangable with whip marks and all. Phin licked his front teeth causing a blush to appear on India's face. He stopped stroking her hair turning to the friends, \"Now that we know that the game is real. What are we gonna do about it?\" October shook her head, \" We? You and India are going to stay here while we go figure out everything we can about the game.\" \"I can be released soon that's what the doc said. I want that bitch to burn so I'm going.\" Phin stated. October stared down at her brother, \"The doctor said you can't be released until tomorrow morning so it looks like you'll spend a day here...where it's safe.\" Phin rolled his eyes, \"If I feel any pain I can just pop one of those awesome pain killers. I can check myself out whenever I want, I want some action so I'm going to find and no one is going to tell me otherwise.\" He started rolling towards the door, he was determined. October maybe his older sister but she was not his boss. He wanted to kill that woman for harming his girlfriend and attempting to kill the both of them in the process. Swink gave October an awkward shrug not seeing the problem with it as he followed after his friend. India slowly sat up pushing the covers back, \"Hutch help me up will you?\" \"Oh no, no, no, no. You really need to stay here.\" Phin said from outside of the hallway. Hutch looked uncomfortable as he gently placed his hands on her shoulders not knowing if she had marks there as well. India glared at Phin, \"You're going so I'm going.\" \"I have a head concussion and suffered a few before so I usually know how this goes. You on the other hand-\" India leaned into Hutch's side wincing at the pressure, \"Yes I have marks all over...and a broken wrist but I can manage. I have just as a right to be upset as you do.\" \"She's kinda right,\" Abigail agreed. October sent her a glare before pushing, \"And you also forgot to mention that you lost a lot of blood. Elizabeth almost whipped you to death honey, you should just stay out of dodge.\" \"I'm tired of everyone telling me what I should and shouldn't do. I'm my own person and am in charge of myself, so Hutch bring me to the bathroom and Abigail can you find me some clothes.\" India declared. Phin sent his girlfriend a glare but she ignored him as Hutch slowly moved her over to the bathroom. October threw her up in the air as she made her way over to her brother, \"The both of you are so damn stubborn.\" Phin smirked, \"That's why we're meant to be.\" Two hours passed as the gang decided to split up. Hutch, Abigial, and Phin went to Loomis' house to find out some information on where he possibly received the game from. India, Swink, and October went back to October and Phin's place to see if they could research some information from there. October and India sat on the couch reading and flipping through pages of a books while Swink was on the phone with Hutch. \"I need you to tell me where 1420 Cypress Road is.\" Swink held his laptop up in the palm of his hand replying, \"Not a problem. Let's see. Take the Belle Chasse Highway to Breaux Bridge, near Spanish Lake.\" Hutch nodded, \"Look, we're heading to the game developer. We're gonna find out, what they know-\" He was cut off by October who took the phone from Swink's hand, \"Hutch, I've been reading this book called The Malleus The Demonium.\" \"Maleus The what?\" Hutch says confused. India tossed the book she was reading onto the coffee table and moved to stand next to October reading over her shoulder, \"It means The Witches' Hammer. It was a handbook for witch hunters in the Inquisition.\" October nodded handing the phone to India so she could hold it up for her, \"It says if we find her, we need to put three nails through her heart, neck, and then forehead. The nails are gonna put her human spirit back into her body, and then - this is really, really important, you guys -An undead soul is only cleansed by burning its blood.\" \"So you really think her ghost could've been brought back from the dead?\" Hutch asked. October clarified, \"Hutch, It's like a seance. A strong enough spirit can be brought back with the proper text.\" Hutch paused, \"I just can't believe this is happening.\" The three could hear Phin in the background, \"Well you better start growing some balls and believe it buddy. There's no point being in denial.\" India rolled her eyes stiffly moving to stand next to Swink who had turned the TV onto the news. India didn't know about the person the news lady reported about but by the look on Swink's face she knew that they did. The detective Charles King was brutally murdered today at Clearwater Mall. \"Oct-Oct-October?Oh, my God! The cop, King, he's dead.\" Swink stuttered. October stood beside the two eyes wide. \"What?!\" Hutch yelled from over the phone. India who now separated herself from the television stood outside on the balcony, \"Guys, we've got another problem.\" She stepped back into the apartment rushing to October's side who started shoving things into bags. \"Oh God, Oh God. The police are here.\" Swink panicked. Hutch directed, \"OK, OK, We're turning around. Meet us at Loomis'\" Before hanging up. India looked back to see Swink standing on the balcony watching the cop cars, \"Come on, if you don't wanna go to jail, we've got to go now Swink.\" \"Jail?\" Swink weakly said. \"Now! Come on!\" October yelled shoving the bag onto her shoulders. India was the last to jump down the fire escape having Swink steady her before they all ran from the cops. To Be Continued... A/N: Sorry this is shorter than other chapters and that it's kinda sucky. Hopefully I can make up for it in next chapters :| ","Summary":" A/N: First things first yes I stole the title from Lana Del Rey...you know what they say if the sho"}]