[{"Movie":"Annie","Title":"Grace's birthday","Author":"Annie1999fan","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13219412","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N happy birthday Audrey! This story's for you! Enjoy! Today Grace Warbucks woke up with a smile. One of the most genuine smiles and feelings she has ever felt in years and today couldn't be more special. Today was Grace's birthday. Not only was it her birthday but it was her first birthday as a wife to Oliver Warbucks and a mother to her darling adopted daughters Annie and Molly who she loved to the moon and back. Grace was happy her birthday was on a Saturday this year so the whole family could be together. Not only a few minutes later he door suddenly burst open and a very excited 7 year old Molly jumped on the bed. \"Mama! Mama! Happy birthday!\" Her youngest daughter flew into her arms and gave her a tight hug. Grace hugged Molly back and kissed her on the top of her head. \"Thank you baby do you know where daddy and Annie are?\" Noticing olivers side of the bed was empty and Annie hasn't came in yet but as soon as Grace asked that question Oliver and Annie came into her bedroom with a tray of her favorite breakfast, oatmeal bananas toast and coffee. Grace smiled brightly at her oldest daughter and husband and at that Annie ran to Grace's side. \"Happy birthday mom! We decided to make you breakfast in bed!\" Grace kissed both her daughters and made room for them on the bed and they both snuggled into their mother's side. \"Thank you so much girls it's my favorite breakfast made by my two favorite daughters and husband.\" At that Oliver kissed his wife and wished her happy birthday . \"I love you darling what would you like to do today?\" \"I love you too Oliver and I would just like to spend it with my family why don't we go to the park?\" Both girls nodded excitedly about this and went to go have their own breakfast and get rays for the day. Grace got herself showered and dressed and went downstairs to see if her daughters were ready for the day. The whole Warbucks family spent the day in th park enjoying each other's company and the not so cold November air. They went back o the mansion where mrs Pugh made lunch and Annie and Molly played outside while Grace spent some time with Oliver in the study reading a book. She was really enjoying her quiet day with her family she really didn't need a huge party or fuss or anything fancy. Grace had he family with her and that's all that mattered at the moment she was happy and content and let out a happy sigh. Jon hearing her Oliver got up out of his seat and took his wife into his arms. \"What's the matter darling? You should be happy on your birthday!\" Giggling at her husbands genuine concern for her wellbeing she kissed Oliver lightly on the ear. \"Oh no Oliver I'm fine I'm just thinking how happy I am that I finally have a family and children to spend my special day with.\" \"Well the girls and I are happy that you are happy and we love you more and more everyday.\" Oliver held his wife for a few more minutes then they went to get the girls to go out for dinner. Upon Grace's request they went to a casual restaurant nothing huge or fancy ans everyone enjoyed their meal. Later they went back to the mansion where mrs Pugh served chocolate cake with vanilla frosting, Grace's favorite dessert. Annie and Molly then presented grace with a sweet birthday card. Grace took her daughters into her lap and kissed them both. \"This is wonderful girls thank you I love you very much!\" \"I love you too mom I'm glad you had a nice birthday.\" Molly hugged then gave Grace a hug \"I'm glad you liked the card Mama! Look I wrote my name right!\" Grace giggled and smiled at Molly's pure joy over being able to write her name correctly since she has been struggling with dyslexia she ruffled mollys hair. \"You did a wonderful job baby you have been doing so well with your reading and writing!\" Grace then helped Annie and Molly take a bath then went to olivees study to spend a bit of time together before the girls had to go to bed. Grace read her book and Annie and Molly played chess with Oliver until 930 ans Grace went to tuck them into bed. First she tucked Annie in giving her a kiss goodnight. \"Goodnight Annie I love you so much sleep well!\" \"Thanks mom happy birthday I'm glad you enjoyed it.\" Grace pulk d th covers around anni and kissed her gently and shut the door behind her then went to Molly's room where she was just getting under the covers. \"Goodnight sweet baby girl I love you!\"\" \"I love you too mama I'm glad you had a great birthday! Mine is next!\" Grace smiled at Molly and brushed her hair out of her face as tucked her into bed. \"Yes it is darling you can do anything you want now it's time for bed!\" Grace left the room quietly and left the door slightly open as she did every night then met Oliver back in his study where he had some sort of look on his face like he had a surprise. Indeed he had a surprise! He pulled out a blue tiffanys box and before grace could even protest he said \"Grace I know you said nothing fancy but I just wanted to do something special for you so here.\" Grace's eyes got wide and she opened the box and there were two beautiful pearl earrings! They were absolutely lovely! \"Oh Oliver these are beautiful thank you!\" \"You're very welcome darling now we have time to ourselves!\" Figuring where Oliver was getting at Grace playfully slapped her husband \"Oliver you know we never have alone time and half the staff lives here!\" At that Oliver got up from where they were sitting and shut and locked the door and had a sly smile. \"Ans now my darling we are alone at last!\" Oliver pulled Grace into a passionate kiss \"Oh!\" Grace could barley speak and then playfully slapped Oliver again and let hi, deepen the kiss and soon she fell asleep in her husband's arms. Grace rally did have a wonderful birthday and couldn't wait for mor special days like today to come with her family' ","Summary":" A/N happy birthday Audrey! This story's for you! Enjoy! Today Grace Warbucks woke up with a smile. "},{"Movie":"Annie","Title":"Happy Warbucks Easter","Author":"Annie1999fan","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12888368","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Grace and Oliver have never been too religious nor have they ever really celebrated religious holidays. Grace went to church on Easter Sunday sometime but Oliver never seemed to really acknowledge any sort of religious beliefs so Easter was just like any other Sunday for him. And of course adopting Annie and Molly changed everything for the better in the Warbucks house. They all celebrated Halloween, birthdays thanksgiving g and Christmas together as a family. This will be Grace and Oliver's first to, time really celebrating Easter and the girls ' first time ever celebrating Easter. Annie pointed it out that they HAVE to go to Easter mass on Sunday so Grace and Oliver planned on going to Easter Sunday mass. They usually go to church occasionally but work has been so hectic lately and now they're getting ready for a new baby so most Sundays the family just want to sleep and spend time together before another hectic week starts. The girls were both really excited about Easter and hunting for eggs in the huge mansion. Grace and Oliver were glad Annie was still young enough to have fun hunting for eggs(even though if she was at that \"I'm too old for this\" stage she would have done it with her sister anyway ) and Molly still had a few more years till she reached that stage. Grace and Oliver had so much fun hiding the Easter eggs all over inside and outside of the mansion and couldn't wait to share this with the girls the next day. At 730 Easter morning grace and Oliver were both awakened by to very excited little girls jumping on the bed. \"Mama Daddy it's Christmas… I mean Easter!\" Molly said jumping into her mothers arms. \"Yes it is happy Easter and happy Easter Annie!\" \"Happy Easter mom and daddy Warbucks! Can we hunt for Easter eggs now?\" Seeing how excited both her girls were grace and Oliver thought it was time to get up and start the day church started at 10 so they best be getting ready now. \"Oh boy the Easter bunny came! Did he get me a new dress?\" Grace kissed her excited 6 year old and lifted her off the bed \"Well why don't we go check now then Mrs. Pugh will make us breakfast before church!\" Annie took Molly's hand and raced down the stairs Oliver and Grace following right behind them. The Easter bunny indeed came! Both girls had so much fun hunting for eggs. Thy each got tons of candy, chocolate, some outdoor/spring toys and a new dress for each of them! A light blue one for Annie and a light pink one for Molly. The both loved their prints and they couldn't wait to share all this with their new sibling. They then got dressed and went to the dining room for breakfast where Mrs. Pugh made a delicious meal of eggs, sausage, bacon and toast. \"Mom daddy this was a great Easter we never celebrated anything in the orphanage! I can't wait to share all these fun holidays with our new sibling!\" \"Yeah mommy this was a fun day! Do you think Santa clause and the Easter bunny are best friends?\" Grace giggled at her youngest daughter's innocence \"I'm glad you're enjoying your Easter with your sister and yes I couldn't agree more that Santa and the Easter bunny are friends! Now let's finish up so we can head out to church.\" The finished the rest of their breakfast then went upstairs to wash up and left the house by 945 to get to mass on time. Mass was pretty and both girls seemed to like it a headed hack to th mansion to spend some time outside while it was still a bit warm out. Annie and Molly were excited to be able to ride their bikes they got the previous Christmas. Grade and Oliver both watched their daughters enjoy the nice day. \"Oliver I'm so glad we could give them the life they deserve. I could never imagine what they had to go through at that horrible orphanage or breaks my heart.\" \"I know darling I'm glad this is their forever home ans I'm equally excited to welcome this little one\" Oliver said putting his hands around Grace's very pregnant stomach. \"The baby will love Annie and Molly and they'll love the baby too!\" \" I couldn't be any more happy than I am now\" Oliver kissed his wife on the lips. The Warbucks family had a quiet afternoon and night together spent as a family and Mrs. Pugh made ham, potatoes and vegetables and a pie for dessert. The girls had school and Grace and Oliver had work the next day so they all went to bed around 930. They were both glad they could give this to their daughters and couldn't wait for many more holiday memories to come especially with the baby on the way! The end and happy Easter! There will be a story that goes more into depth on Grace having the baby soon! Also there will be one longer one coming up that explores the relationship between grace Mrs. Pugh Annie and Molly for Mother's Day! ","Summary":" Grace and Oliver have never been too religious nor have they ever really celebrated religious holid"},{"Movie":"Annie","Title":"1999 version of Annie's first night at the Warbucks mansion","Author":"Lovereinking","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12639699","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Sorry this is really sort, also I am not sure if it is correct or not. This was a request from @annie1999fan on instagram. It was of the 1999 version of Annie's first night at the Warbucks mansion. It has been a long while since I have seen that version, I forgot I had until I did research for this. When I looked it up on youtube for a clip, it said her first night was after the NYC scene. Again sorry if it is not correct, I hope you enjoy. Annie's first night at the Warbucks mansion (1999 version): This was the start of a new family, and a new beginning for everybody in the Warbucks mansion. Mr.Warbucks, Grace, and Annie had just spent all evening in New York City. It was everything Annie could have ever dreamed of, the lights, the music, the dances, everything was like a dream to her. Sadly the fun had to end for the night as they climbed into a carriage to go home, Annie could feel her eyes getting heavy as she fell into Mr.Warbucks side. She was soon fast asleep with her heart filled with joy and love. Mr.Warbucks, followed by Grace, carried her upstairs and into bed. Making sure she was tucked in and comfortable in her new space, Grace handed Mr.Warbucks a snow globe for Annie. The snow globe was of New York City, it represents her first night of fun and joy. It also represents them as a family and a new start to a more happier life. Mr.Warbucks placed the snow globe next to Annie, sharing a smile with Grace before shutting the light and door to Annie's room. There was happiness filling the air, along with everyone's hearts. Annie had brought some things to the mansion that hasn't been heard of in a while. Happiness, joy, and fun bringing everyone together. Hope you enjoyed! I'm @love_reinking on instagram and if you have any story requests you can Dm me on there. I write Annie and Holtzbert manly but I am willing to try more as long as I am familiar with the subject. Hopefully a Holtzbert story will be on here soon! (I'm in a bit of a block at times and can't keep with one subject.) Thank you for reading!! ","Summary":" Sorry this is really sort, also I am not sure if it is correct or not. This was a request from @ann"},{"Movie":"Annie","Title":"A Merry Warbucks Christmas","Author":"Annie1999fan","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12767842","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: merry Christmas and happy holidays everyone! Here's my Warbucks family Christmas one shot! Enjoy! It was Christmas Eve once again at the Warbucks house also it was one year since Annie came to stay for two weeks and her adoption. This year there would be no \"Mudges\" claiming to be Annie's parents and no FBI agents walking in and out of th mansion all night trying to break the mystery of Annie's parents. This year Grace Oliver Annie and Molly could all enjoy Christmas together as a family. Annie woke up that morning with a twinge of excitement. It's Christmas Eve! Just at that moment Molly came into her room and hopped on the bed. \"Annie! It's Christmas Eve! You gotta wake up! Santa is coming tonight! \" \"I know Molly merry Christmas we have the whole day to spend together and all tomorrow too! Let's go wake up Mommy and Daddy!\" \"Ok!\" The girls ran to their parents' room where they were both obviously still asleep but both girls seemed not to care and jumped on the bed excitedly. \"Mom! It's. Christmas eve! We gotta get up!\" Annie said shaking her mother awake. Seeing at how excited the girls were and it was nearly 8:30 she thought it was best to get up with the girls and face th day. She kissed both girls on the cheek and reached her hands for both of them to take. \"Merry Christmas girls! Why don't we let your father sleep and we can get some breakfast.\" Oliver woke up some minutes later and came downstairs to th breakfast table. \"Merry Christmas girls.\" Oliver said kissing each of his daughters \"Merry Christmas Daddy!\" Then Molly pipped up \"Daddy can we see Santa today? You promised you'd take us to see him.\" Oliver didn't remember promising the girls he would take them to see Santa, it just came in passing one day but seeing that it would make them both happy he agreed to take them to see Santa this afternoon. That afternoon around 1pm found the whole family standing outside Macy's, the line was nearly a mile long and it'd be an hour wait. \"Are you sure you want to do this? It's a long wait\" he whispered to his wife over the girls\" heads. \"I know but this makes them happy I want to make their first Christmas special.\" By the time they knew it it was their turn to see Santa. Both girls were very excited and each got a turn on his lap and told him what they wanted for Christmas. They got a late lunch then headed back to ththe mansion to start dinner and get ready for the small Christmas Eve party Oliver was hosting. That night there was a dinner of roast beef, potatoes, green beans, squash and just about any other kind of food you could imagine. Both girls had a wonderful time. Oliver then decided to make a toast in honor of Annie's adoption anniversary. \"Friends and family I want to make a toast tonight. A year ago today this sweet young girl Annie came into my life, then Grace then Molly. I want to say how proud I am of each and every one of you and all we have accomplished this year as a family. Merry Christmas.\" \"Merry Christmas and congratulations!\" everyone cheered. By 10 that night after a full night of singing, laughing and tons and tons of sugar both girls finally managed to settle down. Oliver and Grace knew that they probably wouldn't get to sleep much due to sugar and excitement but she wanted the girls to be well rested for the next day. Grace and Oliver went to Annie's room to kiss her goodnight, \"Merry Christmas Annie try to be some sleep you have a big day tomorrow we love you\" \"I love you too good night and merry Christmas.\" Annie kissed her parents and snuggled under the covers. They then went into Molly's room, where she was already nearly asleep. Grace and Oliver kissed her gently and pulled the covers up tighter around their youngest. \"Goodnight darling sleep well\" Grace whispered gently closing the door behind her. The next day, Christmas morning found grace and Oliver up early once again. At that moment both girls ran into their room yelling \"Merry Christmas!\" Liver picked up Molly and hugged Annie \"Merry Christmas let's go get some breakfast and then we can open our presents.\" \"Leapin lizards!\" Both girls scrambled to the kitchen with their parents following. The family had a breakfast of eggs, bacon, sausage and pancakes. After they ate they went to the front foyer where the Christmas tree was. There were indeed lots of presents for each of the girls not including stockings full of candy and other small treats. Annie and Molly squealed with delight after opening each present. They each got what they Nate's, toys, games, books, coloring books and a new dollhouse for Molly. They're favorite present was a new bike for each of them, a pink and white one for Molly and a red and white one for Annie. They were both eager to learn how to ride their bikes and Oliver said he'd teach them after lunch. Annie was a pretty fast learner, she could ride up and down the whole driveway by herself. \"Thank you for teaching me how to ride my bike Daddy Warbucks!\" \"You're welcome im glad you both enjoyed your presents.\" Molly was a fast learner too she could almost keep up with her sister. They all spent the rest of the afternoon riding their bikes and playing with their new toys and juts spending time together as a family. Both girls were thankful to finally have a family to spend the Christmas holidays with. Grace and olive were equally happy to have given their daughters such a wonderful Christmas. They all went to bed early that night after an exhausting two days but each and every one of the Warbucks family members were happy. They couldn't wait to see hat the next year would bring. ","Summary":" A/N: merry Christmas and happy holidays everyone! Here's my Warbucks family Christmas one shot! Enj"},{"Movie":"Annie","Title":"Warbucks Family Thanksgiving","Author":"Annie1999fan","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12734302","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Note: happy thanksgiving everyone! Here's a flicket of the Warbucks family's first thanksgiving together based on the 1999 movie. Enjoy! Ps I will come back to Molly' sHard Knock Life Annie could not believe she has been living with Oliver Grace and Molly for almost a whole year now! She was so excited to spend her first thanksgiving with a real wa most thankful this year for having Grace found her that day in Miss Hannigan's office. She was thankful that Oliver became close to her over the past two weeks she was there and decided to keep her instead of a boy orphan. Also she was thankful that they adopted Molly ans they could finally b sisters, she was so proud of he baby sister for overcoming her Dyslexia. Come to think of it she was even thankful for Miss Hannigan because if she wasn't being punished by her that day she wouldnt of been a part of the Warbucks Family. She was so excited to see what this year had in store for her and her sister. It was Tuesday two days before thanksgiving and her aunt Jen, cousins Kathryn and Jacob were flying from Chicago and were schedules to arrive at 1;00 that afternoon. Aunt Melissa he husband and cousin Chris were supposed to be arriving the following day. Annie and Molly were both so excited to see her cousins. She hasn't seen them since the summer in August. Soon it was time for Annie Grace and Molly to pick up her aunt and cousins at the airport \"Girls it' stone to go!\" Grace called to Annie \"Ok mom, come on Molly!\" Annie came running down the stairs to meet her mom, Molly following right behind her. \"Mommy I'm so excited to spend thanksgiving with my cousins!\" \"I know you are baby girl let's go now so we can be there on time to pick them up.\" The Warbucks girls started out for th airport. Grace was so happy to have her sisters and nieces and nephews to share the holiday with. She felt so blessed to have two little girls to spend them with too ans couldn't wait to share her holiday traditions with them. As happy as she was she wished her parents were alive so they could meet their new granddaughters, her mother would of spoiled them with lots f presets. Grace knew they were both smiling down at her. The car pulled up at the airport at around 12:45 so they went to the gate to wait for Jen and her kids. Just a little over 15 minutes their plane landed and they walked to the gate. Annie ans Molly ran to hug their cousins and aunt. \"Hi aunt Jen I missed you so much!\" Annie said hugging her aunt \"I missed you too! Hi Molly how have you been?\" \"Great I can't wait to spend thanksgiving with you!\" Grace hugged her sister and niece and nephew. \" it' great to have you here too I can' twist to catch up! Why don't we go back to the mansion for a late lunch?\" They all agreed and went back to the mansion. Annie Molly Kathryn and Jack all seemed to b having a great time chatting on the way back to the mansion. It' sheen so long since they've seen each other and Have a lot to catch up on. Once they arrived back at the mansion, everyone got settled in their rooms and went down to the dining room for a late lunch. The rest of the day was spent together as a family the kids played outside while the adults chatted and caught up. Later that night Oliver took everyone to a fancy restaurant then a movie. Everyone seemed to enjoy one another's company. They for back to th mansion at around 10 and everyone was tired so they all went to bed. They has a Long next day ahead of them ,so they wanted to get their rest. Melissa, her husband and Chris arrived at the mansion at 10;00 the next morning. Annie asked if they could go ice skating, so the whole family spent the day at the ice skating rank. It was both the girls first time ice skating but they seemed to get the hang of it pretty quickly. Grace used to skate in completions as a teenager and couldn't wait to share that with her daughters. After a day of ice skating the family decided to go out for hot chocolate. \"Did you all have fun?\" Grace asked her daughters and naïve and nephews \"Yeah we did mom I really like ice skating! It's fun!\" Molly agreed \"Yeah mommy Really like ice skating! Can we go again?\" I'm glad you two had fun I used to skate in competitions when I was a girl maybe we can get you into skating lessons.\" The whole family enjoyed their time together. Since Molly's birthday was on Sunday this year and her family would be lambing on Saturday they decided to have a small celebration with cake on Wednesday night at th mansion. Molly was very happy to spend her birthday early with her family. On Sunday she would have a few friends over from school and the orphanage for a party during the day. Since the next day was Warbucks family decided to go to bed early again because it was going to be another long day. Thursday found Grace awake at 7:00AM. She was normally quite a morning person so she decided to get up and face t He day. She then noticed Molly snuggled in between her and Oliver. She decided to let them sleep and gave Molly a light kiss on the forehead. Before going downstairs she decided to check on Annie to see if she was asleep or not. Surprisingly Annie was actually awake in bed reading a book, noticing her mom standing in the doorway Annie put her book down and smiled at her mom. \"Good morning mom. Happy thanksgiving! Sorry I'm up so early I'm just so excited about my first thanksgiving.\" \"No need to be sorry baby happy thanksgiving and I'm glad to have you girls here to spend the holidays-with. Why don't we go downstairs and see what's for breakfast.\" \"Ok!\" Annie hopped off the bed and went downstairs with her mom for breakfast. Ten minutes later Oliver and Molly came into the dining room. \"Good morning Mommy happy thanksgiving I love you.\" Molly went over and sat on her mother's lap. \"Happy thanksgiving my love are you excited to today?\" \"Yeah! My first thanksgiving with a family in a while leapin' lizards\" using Annie's favorite expression. Annie giggled at this and hugged her sister \"Happy thanksgiving Molly\" Oliver cam over to his daughters and wife and gave them each a kiss and said \"Happy thanksgiving everyone I am most thankful for the three of you this year.\" A few minutes later the rest of the family came downstairs and joined the Warbucks for breakfast. The kids went outside to play foe the rest of the morning so the adults could start cooking. Dinner was scheduled to be ready by 3PM. Grace always loved spending time with her sisters and was so happy o have them here for thanksgiving. The sisters started cooking the thanksgiving meal with help from Mrs. Pugh. As happy as Grace was she couldn't help but feel sad that her parents weren't here, one of her favorite things growing up was helping her mother and grandmother cook the thanksgiving meal with her sisters. \"Gracie what' strong?\" Jennifer noticed Grace looking distracted. \" Oh it' smithing I just I just wish mom and dad were here with us. They would have loved to meet Annie and Molly\" \"I'm sure they would but I bet they're both smiling don at us right now and feeling proud of us and all we' ve accomplishes.\" \"You really think so?\" \"I know so come on let's finish cooking.\" Jennifer said hugging her sister. By 3 the meal was ready. The kids washed up and sat around the table waiting to be served. They all had something to be thankful fo that year. Annie was thankful to hav finally found parents and adopting Molly. Molly was thankful to have a family again especially Grace Oliver and Annie and she was also thankful that she could overcome her Dyslexia. Grade was thankful she found the girls and wished she found them sooner. Oliver was thankful to have married his secretary and he was glad Grade found Annie instead of a boy orphan. Before the family ate Oliver stood up and raised his wine glass to a toast. \"Before we eat I would like to take the time to say how thankful I am to have such a lively wife and two beautiful daughters. I can hardly believe it will be a year since Annie came to stay with us for two weeks before Christmas. Happy thanksgiving and many more to come!\" Everyone sat down to eat. They all seemed to enjoy the food and each other. The kids adults chatted and enjoyed one another. Grace and Oliver were glad Annie and Molly had cousins and were getting along with them so well. They couldn't wait for more memories with their cousins in holidays to come. Dessert was apple pie, cookies and a cake for Molly's birthday. The rest of the night was spent together as a family. The kids played outside for a while and the adults cleaned up. Everyone enjoyed their thanksgiving together. Since everyone seemed to be so tired from the long last couple of days they all decided to go to bed early that night. Before retiring to their own room, Grace and Oliver went to say goodnight to their daughters. First they went to Annie's room, where she was just about to drift off to sleep. \"Goodnight darling sleep well \" Grace kissed Annie on the forehead . \"Goodnight princess and happy thanksgiving\" Oliver gave Anne a kiss goodnight. \"Thanks mom and Daddy I love you two so much I had such a great thanksgiving.\" \"Were glad you and Molly enjoyed it we love you too\" Grace said turning out th light . They then went to Molly's room where she was nearly asleep under the covers. Grace chuckled at this and gave her youngest a kiss. \"Goodnight darling sleep well I'm glad you and Annie had a wonderful thanksgiving.\" \"I love you mommy and daddy thank you for such a great day\" Molly said soon falling fast asleep. \"Grace met her husband in their suite and got into bed herself. \"Oh Oliver I'm so happy we could make the girls' first thanksgiving memorable.\" \"I am too darling I cant wait for Christmas then that'll be one year since annie came into our lives.\" Oliver kissed his wife and rolled over and fell asleep. Grace loved thanksgiving and was absolutely blessed to have a family and children-to spend it with this year. The whole Warbucks family has a wonderful thanksgiving and couldn't wait to see hat the next year has in store for them. ","Summary":" Note: happy thanksgiving everyone! Here's a flicket of the Warbucks family's first thanksgiving tog"},{"Movie":"Annie","Title":"Valentine's Day memories","Author":"Annie1999fan","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12839708","Passage":"[Chapter 1] AN: hey everyone! Sorry I'm so bad at posting I just started a new semester and they're killing me wth homework assignments Hah anyway here is my two day late Warbucks Valentine's Day story! Mostly fluff This year was Grace's first real Valentine's Day. Sure she's had some sweethearts in the past and went to a few Valentine's Day dances in school. But this was her first one being really and truly in love with Oliver Warbucks. They loved each other every day but today was extra special and she had two extra special girls to celebrate with and a little on on the way. Yes Grace Warbucks was pregnant with her first child. She was a little over a month along and she hasn't told Oliver or Annie or Molly. She wanted to make it a special and do it on a special day and this as the perfect day for Ir. Grace was more than excited to find out that she was having a baby, but she couldn't help but to be a bit scared and nervous at the same time because she has never taken care of an infant before. But she knew she'd be able to do it and her and Oliver will figure it out and they'll have the file to help out with the baby at Tim's too. Since Valentine's Day was on a Wednesday this year the girls brought cookies to share with their classmates at school. They even made her and Oliver a sweet little Valentine's Day card and gave it to them this morning at breakfast. \"Thank you darlings it's a sweet card I love you two very much\" Grace bent to kiss tee daughters who were sitting next to her at the table. \"You're welcome mom I love you\" \"I love you mama and Daddy happy Valentine's Day\" Oliver kissed both his girls then said it was time for them to start getting ready for school. After they were both dropped off at school Grace and Oliver were back at the mansion trying without any success to focus on work. \"Uhh grace I think work can hold itself till tonight after the girls are in bed. We have the whol house to ourselves now… you know what that means..?!\" \"Oh Oliver you know th staff is still here and we never have an \"empty\" house\" Oliver then got up, shut the door to ththe study and locked it. He then went to his wife and pulle he into his arms and kissed her passionately. \"Oh now I ge what you meant! You are so sly\" Grace teased her husband and kissed him again before remembering what she need to tell him. She suddenly pulled away from him. \"Oliver I have something to tell you\" \"Is something wrong?\" Oliver began to get a worried look on his face. \"Well do you remember how I was sick for a few weeks?well I just went to the doctor last week and… they gave me some news\" \"Wha is it Grace please tell me! Whatever it is I'll always be here for you and help you in any way\" Oliver was starting to los his cool at that moment he took a deep breath and waited for Grace's answer. \"I'm fine Oliver I'm pregnant I'm going to have a baby!\" For a moment Oliver was completely stunned and found do nothing but stare at his wife. \"Is everything ok I wanted to wait for the right moment to tell you and I thought today was perfect for it.\" At that moment Oliver swept grac into his arms and kissed her. He couldn't be any more happier that the love of his life was going to have his baby! Their first baby together! \"Oh grace I love you so much! This is the best news 5hank you for surprising me today it's the best Valentine's Day gift I could've ever gotten.\" \"I'm glad I'm a little over a month along. Let's tell the girls tonight at dinner we'll surprise them!\" \"That's a great idea if you need to rest please do I'll do the work tonight.\" \"I'll be fine but thank you for the offer I'll rest when I need to\" Grace kissed her husband and they attempted to get at least a bit of work done before th girls got home. But Grace couldn't help but feel a bit distracted. It was turning into a great Valentine's days for th both of them and grace couldn't sit for the girls to come home from school so they could announce the big news. She knew Annie would b over the moon excited but Molly was a different story. She was more attracted to Grace than Annie was and she wasn't sure if she'd take the news well. It would be hard for Grace to give Molly the attention she needed especially late Ron in her pregnancy. She was just going to wait and see ho Molly would react to the news then figure out what she should do to make sure Molly knew that she is loved and save and here forever. She also wanted Molly to understand that she was a big girl and realize that grace needs to give herself and the new baby attention too. The girls finally came home at 2 ans had their after school snack. As they were eating their snack Grace mentioned that they had a surprise for them at dinner, \"Is it a pony?\" Grace laughed at her youngest daughter's cute excitement about a pony. \"Well baby not a pony but I think you will both be excited with the news.\" That night Mrs. Pugh made made a great dinner of ham, potatoes and green beans. As they were just getting finished with eating Grace and Oliver thought it was time to announce th baby to the girls. \"Girls do you re,ember when your mom was sick a few weeks ago?\" \"Yeah mom are you Ok? What's wrong?\" Annie started to get really worried about her moms health. Grace kissed her forehead and said \"Nothing is wrong sweetie in fact I'm fine. I'm going to have a baby!\" Annie's eyes lit up with excitement. \"A baby! Oh boy! Leapin lizards! Can I help when the baby comes? I want a brother!\" Grace smiled at her oldest daughter's pure excitement. She loved how Annie got so excited so easily and wanted to help with the baby. She knew she would make a great big sister because she already is a great big sister to Molly. Grace then turn d to her youngest daughter and noticed tears in her eyes. Knowing this would be coming but not this soon after announcing her pregnancy. She pulled her youngest into a tight hug. \"Oh baby what's wrong? You're going to have a new brother or sister! Aren't you excited?\" \"But mama I don't ant you to forget me ans Annie ans you'll love the baby more than us because we're adopted and this is your baby. I love you and daddy I don't wanna go back to the orphanage!\" \"Oh my sweet baby! I want you to look at me right now and I want you to know that just because I'm having a child of my own doesn't mean your daddy and I love you and Annie any less than our own child. We would never ever send you back to the orphanage just because of that we will love you all the same. Do you understand me?\" Molly blinked her eyes and wiped her tears with her sleeve. \"Yes mommy I love you\" Milky snuggled into her mother's chest and stayed with her the rest of the day. Even though Molly as a bit upset about th baby coming she knew she'd start to understand soon and grace couldn't wait to have three kids of her very own. This Valentine's Day couldn't have been any more perfect and both grace and Oliver wouldn't trade this day for anything. They bi5h looked forward to the arrival of their new baby and the many new memories to come for the Warbucks family. ","Summary":" AN: hey everyone! Sorry I'm so bad at posting I just started a new semester and they're killing me "},{"Movie":"Annie","Title":"Annie's 11th Birthday","Author":"Annie1999fan","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13090567","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hey everyone! It's the 1982 Annie's birthfay (October 11th) so I decided to do a story for her lmao first time doing a 1982 story! After Annie's adoption in July everything in the Warbucks house changed. Annie brought so much joy and laughter into the house and Oliver and Grace just got married so now she has a mom and dad she's been dreaming of for 10 years! Annie loved living at the Warbucks mansion and love being the daughter of a billionaire. She started school in September and loved every moment of it. She never had any chance of an education at the orphanage so she caught up really well in all her classes especially reading and math. As September flew by and at the beginning of October it was almost time to start planning Annie's birthday which is October 11th, her first ever real birthday in a real home. One night after dinner Grace decided to talk to Annie about her birthday plans. She found Annie in her room doing one of her favorite things, reading. Annie immediately put down her book and sat up after hearing Grace come in. \"hi mom!\" \"hi sweetheart looks like someone has a birthday coming up! What would you like to do?\" since this was Annie's first time celebrating her birthday Grace thought Annie would have wanted a huge exciting party with a circus like her adoption party, friends from school and the orphanage and just about anything she could ask for. But after a minute of thought Annie gave an answer Grace wasn't expecting for someone who was celebrating her birthday for the first time ever. \"well I wanted to have Molly over for cake and a sleepover if that's not too much to ask.\" Grace went to th bed and gave Annie a tight squeeze. \"My dear nothing you ask is too much! Daddy and I want to give you the best birthday you could ask for. I have an idea how about if you invite your friends from school and the orphanage friends including Molly for a big sleeepovwe party?\" \"Leapin lizards!\" Knowing that was a definite yes Grace went downstairs to talk to Oliver about Annie's birthday plans. \"Oliver I just asked Annie what she wants to do for her birthday and she wants a sleepover with her friends and Molly is that alright with you?\" Olivwe looked up from the work he was working on and gave his wife a huge smil. Grace loved how much Oliver has changed. Just a mere few months ago he wouldn't of thought twice about some child's birthday. Now that he has a wife and daughter he would do absolute,y anything to make them happy. \"that's a wonderful idea my dear!\" \"Oh Oliver I just want her to have the best birthday possible I can't imagine all the horrible things she had to go through at that horrible orphanage.\" \"neither can I Grace but she's here and she's safe and never has to go through that again!\" Grace kissed her husband and went to start planning Annie's birthday. Since October 11th was on a Wednesday this year Grace decided that Annie could bring cupcakes to school with her to share with her class and her birthday party will be followed that weekend. Fortunately all of Annie's friends have gotten adopted so Grace had no trouble at all contacting their parents and they were all available that day. Unfortunately sweet shy little Molly has not gotten a home yet and was still at the orphanage. Grace's heart just about broke for the little girl! Why couldn't she find a family of her own? Sweet brown hair brown eye Molly deserves to have a family just as much as the others did. Grace called the orphanage and indeed Molly was allowed to go thanks to the new orphanage mistress Mrs Johnston, picked out by Annie herself. So it was decided that all of the girls from rh orphanage would spend the night with Annie so she could see her school friends for the party then spend time with her closer friends all night. After telling Annie all this she yelled \"oh boy!\" She kept talking nonstop about her party foe the rest of the week. She came up with games they could play, movies to watch. And she hardly slept all week due to excitement but Grace an so olivwe let her have all the excitement she could have since it was her first birthday. The day of her patty came fast enough. Sometime early that morning Grace and Olivers bed was shaken by a very bright curly red haired girl. \"Mkm daddy it's my birthday party today! Oh big! Oh boy!\" Grace loved Annie's constant energy but after looking at ththe clock she groaned when she realized that it was only 330 in the morning. She placed a gentle hand on Annie's shoulder indicating for her to calm down a bit. \"Yes it is dear but we have all day and it's very very early why don't you come into bed with us and go back to sleep.\" \"Aw gee.\" after that she gave in and snuggled in between her parents and soon fell back to sleep. They all awoke at 930 the next morning. Grace wended to get up and start getting ready for the party since the guests were due to arrive at 4. After breakfast, showers and getting ready for the day Grace spent most of the day cleaning and setting up. Annie tried to keep busy by reading and playing with sandy even swam for an hour but by 230 she was completely restless, so Grace decided to let Annie go ahead and get ready. \"Alright dear lets go get dressed for the party we only have two hours before everyone arrives.\" Just an hour later Annie came bounding down the stairs in a new light purple dress Grace picked out specially for the party. Now all they had to do was wait and of course every 15 minutes Annie asked when the guests would arrive and Grace kept gently telling her to be patient and they'd be here before she knew it. Indeed by the time anyone knew it it was 4 and guests started arriving. First her school friends arrive who Annie greeted at the door before they even had s chance to knock. \"hi everyone! I'm so glad you could come! This is mom and Daddy Warbucks. Mom Daddy these are my school friends Emily, Elizabeth, Jane and Marie.\" Annie introduced each friend and Grace and Oliver both smiled warmly and welcomed them all into th house. Just a few moments later Annie's friends from the orphanage came with their newly adopted parents. Annie nearly jumped for joy when she saw her fri new. Molly was driven by Duffy and her parents and of course Molly was the first to reach Annie and give her the biggest hug. \"Annie! I missed you! Thanks for havin' me! I love you Annie the orphanage is so lonely. Miss Cheryl is nice but it gets so lonely without all of you there.\" Annie's hugged her little fri me tightly. \"I know Molly but just think you'll have a mom and daddy real soon my dads is workin r ally hard at finding a family for you. Trust me but hey let's have some fun tonight ok?\" Grace showed the girls to Annie's room where they'll be sleeping tonight and let them go outside and play since it was still warm. Annie then saw Molly standing behind suddenly seeming shy and uncomfortable. She quickly grabbed her hand and gave her little friend a reassuring squeeze \"Its ok Molly my friends are nice I wouldn't let Pepper be mean to you come in let's play a game!\"with Molly smiled and followed her friend outside to where the other girls were. Grace and Oliver loved how much Annie cared for and protected her little friend. They loved how she was including her in on rhough she was the youngest and wanted to make her feel comfortable. After saying foodbye to the girls new parents Oliver and Grace went out into the yard where the girls were playing. Annie was doing a great job at making sure all of her friends were having fun and made sure her school and orphanage friends got along well. Even Pepper didn't say anything too mean except for saying tag was a baby game but Annie got her to play anyway. At one point Molly came up to Grace and Oliver and asked shyly. \"Miss Grace Mr Oliver when are you gonna find me a mommy and daddy? I want parents as good as you are to Annie! I'm the goodest and I never ever say mean words and I never ever ever wet the bed anymore!\" Olovwe bent down and patted little Molly on the head \"I'm trying sweetheart I'm trying my very hardest I promise I won't give up on you. We'll find you the best mommy and daddy out there!\" \"Thanks Mr Oliver!\" Mol,y gave both Oliver and Grace a quick hug then went back to Annie and playing. Evertgjbf went smoothly for the rest of the night. The girls had dinner cake and opened presents. They all \"ohhed\" and \"ahhed\" at all the games toys and books Annie received. Annie's school friends left soon after presents were over. \"Bye everyone! See ya on Monday! Thanks for coming!\" \"Thanks for having us Annie! It was a great party!\" Annie hugged each of her friends as they left with their parents. Now Annie could spend some special quality time with her orphanage friends, specially Molly. She hated that her little friend still, hasn't gotten adopted and or broke her heart to see her go back to the orphanage the next day. But she had all of tonight and tomorrow until noon to spend time with them. The rest of the night was spent talking, catching up on their new families and watched a few movies but nothing scary becaus emolly got scared and has nightmares easily. Grace went to check on Annie at -0 that night with all the girls snuggled up around her. \"Goodnight Annie I'm glad you enjoyed your birthday party\" \"Goodnight mom I love you and daddy and thanks for letting me have the best birthday ever.\" Gracw smiled and kissed her daughter and went to her and olivers room to retire for the night. Grace couldn't help but think about what Molly said to them earlier today. Why couldn't she find parents? She was so sweet and loving! Grace's heart went out for the ooor girl. After giving some thought she wanted to talk to Oliver. \"Olivee I've been thinking about Molly. The poor girl as he'd to find a mother and father if her own I feel terrible for her!\" \"I know Grace but as I said I'm still trying and I won't give up on a 6 year old.\" \"I know but I was thinking...can we keep her?\" \"Now Grace we just adopted Annie and things are just getting bad to normal and we've only known her for a short time.\" Grace gave her husband a smile \"we'll look how great that turned out with an orphan we only knew for a short while as well!\" \" Alright dear if it means that much to you \" \"then you'll keep her?\" \"ill get the papers signed tomorrow\" \"oh Oliver! I love you! You're the best husband oh I can't wait to tell Molly in the morning!\" Oliver wrapped Grace in his arms and kissed her. They stayed like that and slept in each other's arms. Knowing the girls would probably be up late into the wee hours of the morning talking Grace decided to let them have their own fun and would let them sleep in the next day. The next day Grace and Oliver both woke up early to get Molly's adoption papers signed. The girls indeed woke up pretty late, well late for them anyway at 945. Mrs Pugh made a huge pile of pancakes bacon and eggs. When the girls walked in Pepper noticed all the food and her eyes lit up. \"Wow I've never seen so much food!\" All the girls piled pancakes onto their plates and went to their places. Molly took a seat next to Anne. Grace went up to Annie and kissed her good morning. \"Good morning sweetheart how did you sleep,\" Annie looked up from helping Molly cut her pancakes. \"Rewlly good Molly had a bad dream but I helped her go back to sleep and she was fine the rest of the night.\" Gracw smiled at what a caring friend she was to th younger girl and couldn't wait to tell her that they were sisters. She could tell they would both be beyond thrilled at the news. Grace bent down to Molly's level and asked gently. \"You had a bad dream dear? What was it? Talking about it helps.\" After silence and a shake from Molly's head Grace knew that Annie took care of everything and she was alright now. She could tell that Molly was prone to nightmares and would have many more opportunities to play mommy and comfort her. After breakfast the girls headed outside to get some more playtime before the girls had to be picked up at noon. When the girls parents arrived Annie gave them each a hug and promised to keep in touch. Pepper was still as grumpy as ever. \"Don't bother inviting me to another dumb party. Dumb food.\" But Pepper had a hint of a smile. Not knowing about th adoption yet Molly hung back at Annie's side. Tears started running down her face as she clung to Annie. \"I don't wanna go back to the orphanage Annie! Please don't make me ill be gooder than good!\" Hesring this Grace and Oliver called Annie and Molly to the study. Grace pulled Molly into her lap and said gently. \"Molly how would you like it if we well adopted you?\" Molly was silent for a moment but then after a minute to process what she just heard she started to cry but happy tears. \"Yiu mean you'll be my mommy and mr Oliver will be my daddy? And Annie will be my sister?\" Olivee got up and hugged Molly. \"yes that's exactly what mommy and I mean! You and Annie are both ours!\" Molly then gave Grace and Oliver the tightest hug not believing that she was going to be adopted and Annie was going to be her sister! She then ran to Annie and gave her a hug. Annie hugged her back and gave her a kiss on the cheek. \"Told ya Molly! You were already a sister to me and now we really really are sisters!\" annie then ran up to olivwe and Grace giving them both a tight hug at the same time. \"Mom daddy this is the best birthday present ever! Thank you both!\" Grace kissed her daughter. \"you're very welcome sweetheart we saw how special Molly was and couldn't bear keeping you two apart.\" Olivee picked up Molly and kissed Grace and Annie. \"I love you all so much I'm glad we could make your birthday special Annie.\" Now the Warbucks family was more than complete and they couldn't wait to share many more birthdays like these with two beautiful little girls of their own, and hopefully someday even more children. ","Summary":" Hey everyone! It's the 1982 Annie's birthfay (October 11th) so I decided to do a story for her lmao"},{"Movie":"Annie","Title":"Let Your Mommy Sleep","Author":"markaleen","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12841096","Passage":"[Chapter 1] This fluff/drabble came to me while listening to Lullaby For An Anxious Child by Sting. The words didn't flow together how I would have liked but I decided to post anyways. Hope you enjoy! (This is not connected to any of my other Annie stories) Oliver woke with a start, hearing cries coming from the adjoining room. With an initial sigh after his eyes focused, he looked over to Grace's side of the bed, hoping she was already on her way. Instead, he was surprised to see her fast asleep. He didn't wake her. This might have been the first time he'd seen her in a sound sleep in over two months. The past day was trying between a stressful meeting, trying to get to Annie's dance recital on time, and a silly argument the two of them had brought on by exhaustion. Within seconds he was at the baby's crib, gently picking him up and cradling him in his arms. \"Shh, it's okay. Daddy's here.\" Slowly Oliver rocked and bounced his son, hoping the cries would cease long enough to bring him down to the kitchen to fix his bottle. With no such luck, he rushed through the doors before Grace became aware. \"You haven't been this fussy for a while,\" Oliver said as he struggled with this early morning feeding. \"Did you pick up on everyone else's bad moods?\" Two years ago Oliver never could have pictured himself sitting in the dark and speaking to such a small child — and so easily. For some reason, he didn't wonder if it was silly to have a conversation with someone who couldn't even sit up on his own. \"You didn't need to hear Mommy and Daddy yelling. And you didn't need to see your sister panic when she lost her tap shoe. It's all still so new to you, isn't it? You don't know what to make of any of it. The world is such a big and scary place to you…\" Finally surrendering to his bottle, the child let out soft whines as he drank. Oliver never tired of his soft voice or the feeling of his tiny hands in his. \"There you are,\" he smiled. \"You're feeling better already. No need to wake Mommy for some belly rumbles.\" The baby's eyes opened, first looking at the bottle in front of him, then tipping his head up to look at his father. With this, he stopped eating and fussed again. Oliver tried a couple more times to bring the bottle to his son's mouth before bringing him to his shoulder. He rubbed and patted his back a minute or two until he relaxed. Worried he'd fall asleep before half the bottle was finished, Oliver cradled his arms again and the battle began one more time. Fed and settled down at last, Oliver wearily brought the child back upstairs. Of course, the baby was now the baby was wide awake, so he sat in Grace's rocking chair hoping to lull him back to sleep. He didn't sleep, but he didn't fuss, either. For this Oliver is grateful. If days like the last stressed him out so much, he could only imagine how they must affect Grace. He certainly helped in caring for the child, but naturally, most of the responsibility fell on her. And she did it happily and without complaint. However, exhaustion won her over now and again. This was the case tonight. He worried there would be another episode like the one a week or two after giving birth. Lack of sleep made her sick. He was sure she never slept more than two hours at a time. Every night she woke up in a panic over the baby, jumping out of bed and rushing to his side to make sure he was sleeping peacefully. Fortunately, it only took one high fever to serve as a lesson to relax. Oliver was thankful for this despite how terrified he felt those few days. \"We need to let Mommy rest more often,\" Oliver whispered as his thoughts carried on. \"She loves you so much. She wants to spend every minute she can with you and give you the happiest life any kid ever had. But between you and your sister... and me as well... she never gets a break.\" The child continued to look up at Oliver, tugging his nightshirt with his fist. \"You think between you, me, and Annie we can help Mommy feel better? A few days of peace and quiet ought to do it, you think?\" The baby's eyes started shutting after a few more minutes, lulled by the steady movement of the chair and his father's soft tones. Oliver, too, felt himself nodding off. He couldn't see the clock in the darkness but figured since there wasn't any light shining through the window yet he would be able to catch a couple more hours of sleep. A minute or two later he stood and carried the child back to his crib. Leaving the warmth of his father woke him, letting out a few cries. Oliver hushed him again. \"Everything is fine. Daddy's here. Only a few hours until morning. There's no need to cry.\" Oliver lowered his hand into the crib and stroked the soft hairs on his son's head. He settled for a moment but got worked up again when his father lifted his hand. So Oliver picked him up once more and the baby instantly calmed. \"You don't want to be left alone, is that it?\" Oliver said. Remembering the early days after he was born, he went over to the trunk of bedding and blankets and pulled out the pillow Grace had used when the baby slept in their bed. Going back to his and Grace's room he set the pillow down and nestled their son securely between them. The baby fussed only a little bit, thinking he was being left alone once again. Realizing his father was laying down beside him, he fell back asleep as his familiar hand lightly covered his chest. Hearing the baby, Grace turned over and reached for her son still half asleep. Her hand met her husband's, and her eyes didn't open as any assumption as to how the child got here was a pleasant one. She smiled into her pillow before drifting back into a deep sleep. ","Summary":" This fluff/drabble came to me while listening to Lullaby For An Anxious Child by Sting. The words d"},{"Movie":"Annie","Title":"Miss Hannigan's Baby","Author":"Helix Spencer","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12942418","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: Although this scene gives me terrible anxiety-because I always convince myself that Annie will fall off of the top of the train bridge-I still thought it would be fun to explore Miss Hannigan's point of view. I've always found her particularly hilarious, not to mention secretly fond of Annie, the little hellion... (: Anyways, enjoy! XOXO, Helix. Disclaimer: I don't own Annie: The Movie (1982), or Party City. \"Mister Warbucks will eat your livers!\" \"No, no!\" Lillian cried, watching in abject horror as Annie took a firm grip on both sides of the cheque, wasted no time at all in shredding it into little bits, and bolted down the tracks. Lillian made a grab for her, screeching when she fell onto her hands and knees. Rooster was practically tripping over Lillian to get to Annie. \"I'll kill ya, I'll kill ya, you little brat! I'll kill you!\" \"Get her, Rooster!\" Lilian wept, trying in vain to rescue all the tiny pieces of paper from the gravel. He tore off after her, and Miss Hannigan went cold. This was all spiraling down the can. He was going to kill Annie. Annie! \"He's really gonna kill her,\" Miss Hannigan gasped, hiking up her thrice-damned purple dress and sprinting after Rooster. Her heels kicked up the rocks and got caught in the wooden struts. She growled under her breath, panting. And, oh, she couldn't run fast enough. Her arms flailed wildly, contributing nothing to her already drunken balance. \"Rooster!\" She shrieked at the top of her lungs. Oh, oh. He couldn't. He wouldn't. He would. Annie was probably running about as fast she could, but Miss Hannigan knew the kid wouldn't last long. Rooster was bigger and meaner, and if nothing else, greedier. He'd kill her out of spite alone and she'd be able to do nothing but watch. She couldn't let it happen. \"Rooster, stop! Rooster, she's a baby!\" She wailed. My baby! He ignored her, stumbling madly. \"Come back 'ere!\" Miss Hannigan's poor heart nearly burst with fear as he corralled Annie, giving her no other direction to flee but up . Huffing with rage and determination, Rooster braced himself on either side of the tracks and pulled himself up, but she caught up with him and dug her viciously maintained nails in his coat-tails. He jerked back. \"Let go!\" He roared, and tugged himself away. He tried to step another foot up, but she clawed at his leg. \"No!\" Miss Hannigan gritted. \"I'm not going to let you! Rooster's hands slipped and he fell down a few rungs. \"She may be a mean, rotten little orphan,\" she growled-at this, she ripped him away from the tracks entirely-and her face twisted in a snarl, \"but I'm not going to let you kill her!\" \"Get off me, you old boozer,\" he growled, and they scrabbled, clawing and shoving each other back and forth. \"Stop it-!\" He backhanded her. Her vision went dark. God, kid, I hope you can climb. A/N: Carol Burnett's portrayal of Miss Hannigan gets me every time...If I've inspired you to do so, please leave a review! REMINDER: I will never haggle you for reviews. ","Summary":" A/N: Although this scene gives me terrible anxiety-because I always convince myself that Annie will"},{"Movie":"Annie","Title":"First CHurch Serice","Author":"Annie1999fan","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12455061","Passage":"[Chapter 1] After being in the orphanage for 11 years the thing Annie remembered most were those dreaded Sundays, the orphans' \"day off\" when they had to go to to church. Miss Hannigan marched the orphans down to St Mark's church every Sunday to sit through a long boring church service where the priest went on and on sins and going to hell. At the end of every church service Miss Hannigan always made a point that being an orphaned girl made them all a natural born sinner. Of course this made the girls even more scared and confused. Then for the rest of the day she'd make the orphans sit at the table with their heads bowed, no talking and to ask God for forgiveness for all their horrible sins they have done and they were sorry for being an orphaned girl. Of course this made Annie feel confused and scared. She knew not all church was that bad and Miss Hannigan was doing it just to scare them. She knew that god was real and he loved everybody and it wasn't their fault they were orphans! God brought her parents after 11 years of waiting for them. She decided to ask daddy and grace to take her to church one Sunday. \"Daddy?\" \"Yes princess?\" Daddy Warbucks answered Annie at breakfast the next morning. \"Well when I was in the orphanage Miss Hannigan made us go to church and said we were natural born sinners and I wanted you to show me that church isn't all about sinners and it's not a scary place.\" \"Darn that Miss Hannigan! Well you're darn tootin' right it's not a scary place and she shouldn't of made you feel scared or upset! Mom and I will take you this Sunday how does that sound? It's a nice small church called St Mary's. Everyone there is so nice I think you'll like it a lot and I promise you we'd never make you feel scared or confused about anything!\" Oliver kissed Annie and went back to his paper. \"Ok thanks daddy! She went off to get ready for the day. Sunday came faster than anyone could expect. The Warbucks family was up at 730am to drive to church for Mass at 8:00. Indeed it was a small but pretty church. The priest and people there were so nice to Annie and the sermons were about forgiving one another and treating everyone with kindness. This is what Annie likes most about church. And of course she sang along to the beautiful hymns. After mass she kissed her father and mother and said\" thanks mom and daddy! I really liked church! I think I want to go back every week!\" They both kissed her and grace said \"we sure can come back any time you want baby! You should never have to feel the way miss Hannigan made you feel again!\" ","Summary":" After being in the orphanage for 11 years the thing Annie remembered most were those dreaded Sunday"},{"Movie":"Annie","Title":"First Halloween","Author":"Annie1999fan","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12708761","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Grace and Oliver were both awakened at some early hour of the morning by what sounded like an energetic 12 year old bouncing on the bed \"Mom! Daddy Warbucks! Wake up! It's Halloween! It's my first ever Halloween! Leapin lizards!\" Glancing at the clock Oliver groaned when he saw that it was nearly 4:50 in the morning, nowhere even time to be waking up. Knowing this was Annie and Molly's first Halloween Grace and Oliver both knew they would b dealing with two very excited little girls. Luckily Halloween was on a Saturday this year so the girls were free of school and homework and could celebrate all day. But seeing it was still dark outside and Oliver and Grace were both still tired, Oliver gave Annie a pat on the head \"Well yes it is Halloween Annie but as you can see it's still fairly early and your mom and I would like a few more hours of rest. Why don't you come into bed with us\" \"Aw well ok daddy, you're still taking me and Molly to the parade at noon right?\" Remembering now that he promised the girls they would take them to the parade on Saturday morning, keeping to his promise , \"Yes we are but that's not for a little while so can you lay down for a bit?\" After that Annie didn't object and cuddled in between Grace and Oliver and sooner or later they all slept till around 8 the next morning. After breakfast the girls cleaned up and got ready for the Halloween parade that was supposed to be scheduled for noon. The day was a bit chilly but sunny a perfect day for a parade! \"Mommy! I can't wait for the parade! I can't wait to see all the floats and costumes and get candy!\" Was 6-and-a-half Molly's reaction to the parade. Grace kissed the little girl on the cheek \"Yes darling I am too! I'm sure you both will get a lot of candy today!\" Soon the parade began with a marching band, fire trucks, police cars(little Molly was a bit scared at the noises at first but grace told her it was alright and nothing to be afraid of), and of course the girls each got their supply of candy, although Grace told them not too much because they will be going trick-or-treating that very same night. Both girls jumped up and down in excitement. The whole family seemed to enjoy the parade. The parade ended at around 1 so the family headed back to th mansion where Mrs. Pugh made them a warm lunch of chicken noodle soup. For that night Annie decided to celebrate her birthday with some friends from school and the orphanage. Since her birthday fell on a Wednesday that year they decided to celebrate it on Halloween. Annie didn't mind having school in her birthday Grace and Oliver took her out to dinner and celebrated with cake back at the mansion that night. Annie was excited to see her friends from the orphanage who she hasn't seen since July. The party was scheduled to start at around 4 and the girls would be spending the night and going trick or treating together as well. O de the girls were finally ready and in their costumes (Annie as a princess and Molly as a cat) awaited for the guests to arrive. \"Wow do t you two look beautiful! Such cute costumes\" Grade said after the field bounded down thi stakes both excited for the party to start. \"Thanks mom!\" \"Mommy isn't Halloween supposed to b scary?\" Asked Molly now starting to feel a bit scared about her first Halloween. Remembering she's only six and so t two years in an orphanage where it was terrifying g go a little girl so she associated Halloween with the orphanage. Or course grace knew that and bent down to her level \"Well it can be a little bit scary but it's a lot of fun and not all costumes are scary I think you'll joy yourself and if you get scared me Daddy and Annie will be there with you ok.\" \"Ok\" she said wiping a stray tear fr9m her cheek. \"Mom I think my friends are here now!\" exclaimed Annie seeing cars starting to pull in the driveway. \"Well that you're right darling let's invite them in and get the party underway\" Annie ran to the door and greeted her friends from school and the orphanage. She was equally excited to see all of them, but was most excited to se her orphanage friends. Molly ran up and hugged her friend from the orphanage. She as closest Kate (who helps care for her when Annie wasn't there) and Duffy because they were only two years apart. \"Hi hate! Hi Duffy! It's fo good to see you thanks for coming!\" said Molly as she ran up to her old friends and hugged each of them and flicked Kate's ear \"Where glad to have come too thanks for the war flick Molly thanks for having g us, Annie!\" \"You're welcome I'm glad you could all come! Let's go play outside for a bit before we trick or treat!\" All the girls ran outside to play,Annie noticing that moly was feeling a bit left out she offers her her hand and led her outside to join her friends. \"Isn't Annie such a wonderful big sister? Including Molly like that.\" Oliver said kissing Grace \"She really is, Oliver I hope she has a great party I think we should b getting the, ready to go out shouldn't we?\" Oliver nodded and took his wife's hand and they went outside to get the girls ready to tick or treat. By the time they were all in costume and ready to go out it was around 5:15. They all seemed excited about trick or treating together, even Molly was over her fears of Halloween being too scary and joined on the fun. They went trick or treating for around two hours and by 6:30 they all agreed that they were hungry and ready to go back to rh mansion for dinner and cake. They all enjoyed a dinner of Annie's favorite dish spaghetti and meatballs and chocolate cake for dessert. Annie and her friends decided to watch scary movies in the movie room. Knowing Molly may hav nightmares from th movies Annie decided that it was best that she wasn't there to watch them. After a few tears and protests Molly finally agreed that she did not want to have nightmar s fem th movies so she happily went upstairs to play with her dolls with Grace while the girls waycj d movies downstaies. It was probably going to b a very late night to the girls after all the sugar they had between candy cake and cupcakes they would probably be up until the wee hours of the morning, but Grace and Oliver were glad that Annie and Molly were both enjoying their first Halloween and decided to let them have all the fun they wanted. At around 10:00 Grace went downstairs to check on the girls. \"Hey, mom\" Annie said noticing Grace \"Hi sweetie just wanted to make sure your all alright and Daddy and I are going to bed soon ok.\" \"Ok and mom? Thank you and Daddy for a great birthday and Halloween I had a lot of fun I love you two so much\" Grace bent down to give Annie a kiss goodnight \" you're very welcome, Daddy and I love you and Molly both very very much and were glad you could enjoy your Halloween\" Annie gave Grace on last kiss and she went back upstairs and made sure Molly was asleep. After checking on Molly seeing she was fast asleep went to her and Oliver's suite where he was just getting into bed about to retire for the night. \" Annie said she had a great birthday and first Halloween I'm so glad we could make both girls' first Halloween special.\" \"I am too I'm glad they're both out of that horrible orphanage and can be able to celebrate just like any other kid\" Oliver agreed snuggling next to his wife. They soon fell fast asleep and both couldn't wait to see what the next year of ma h new memories would being. ","Summary":" Grace and Oliver were both awakened at some early hour of the morning by what sounded like an energ"},{"Movie":"Annie","Title":"Annie's first night at the Warbucks mansion","Author":"Lovereinking","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12622224","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer I do not own any rights to Annie I am simply a fan. This was a request from @orphan_annie_fan on instagram. If you have any requests go to my instagram @love_reinking and request by Dm or just in the comments. Thank you. Annie and Grace on Annie's first night at the mansion. The night was cold and stormy and neither Sandy nor Annie could sleep. One of the maids Mrs. Greer had gotten Annie a bath and into bed as both Grace and Oliver were working. Annie had asked Mrs. Greer to keep the window open which she responded with Dear, you might catch a cold. That's how I slept at the orphanage, it sure would get hot fast there. Immediately she closed the window and said goodnight to Annie. About an hour after that, Annie was still awake as the room was super big and it had started to rain. She sat up in bed and held onto Sandy. Suddenly the wind pushed the plant next to her window over, causing it to break. Once it hit the ground Annie and Sandy ran out the door and right to Oliver's office. What's the meaning of this?! Oliver yelled startling Grace. Sandy's never been in a room alone before, he gets scared. Annie replied looking nervously at the billionaire sitting across from him. Oliver completely ignored her and asked Grace to continue writing as he spoke. That's when a bomb flew through the window scaring both Annie and Grace. Grace threw down her notepad and grabbed Annie, hiding both of them away from the bomb and so the attacker couldn't see them. Immediately Punjab and The Asp went to work as Punjab threw the bomb out off the balcony making a huge explosion. Both girls held onto each other tighter as The bodyguards had the attacker in their hands. Who was that Mr.Warbucks? Annie asked with a confused and worried tone in her voice. That will be enough Miss Farrell. Oliver said as Grace guided Annie out of the office, walking her back to her back to her room and Grace explained how it was the Bolshevik's. Miss Farrell? Annie asked climbing into bed along with Sandy. Yes? The wind knocked over the plant over there. She said pointing to the corner and Grace walked over to inspect it. Well the window was left open… Annie interrupted Grace I asked Mrs. Greer to keep it open. Well, you could catch a cold. Grace looks back at Annie. That's what she said but I told her that's how I slept at the orphanage. Annie said looking back down at Sandy. Annie, you seem scared. Well...I um… am a little shaken from the bomb...plus this room is so big, it's hard to sleep in. Grace walked over to Annie and sat on the edge of the bed. It's ok Annie, Punjab and The Asp are here. And you can come to my room across the hall if you need anything. Then Annie launched herself into a hug around Grace's waist and Grace returned the hug. Thank you Miss Farrell. It's not a problem, dear. She ran a hand through Annie's hair and Annie looked up at her. Not just for that, but helping to get me to stay. I like it alot more here. Here nobody's crying, it doesn't smell and the people are nice. Annie gave Grave one last hug and laid down. Goodnight Miss Farrell. She said laying down and Sandy climbed ontop of her. Goodnight Annie. Grace shut the light and closed the door. That was Annie's first night to a new adventure. Thank you for reading! I'm not a very good writer but I love it so hey, why not do it! I'm thinking of other thigs to write. Probrobly a Holtzbert fanfiction next, again Thank you! I hope you enjoyed! ","Summary":" Disclaimer I do not own any rights to Annie I am simply a fan. This was a request from @orphan_anni"},{"Movie":"Annie","Title":"Annie's parents","Author":"Annie1999fan","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12435310","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Annie's parents (based on the 1999 Annie) \"She was born on October 28th...\" It was October 28th 1922 and a beautiful auburn haired brown eyed baby was born to David and Margret Bennett. They named her Annie and she was the most perfect baby they could ever asked for. They fell in love the second they laid eyes on her. They were poor and lived in a tiny apartment in New York City but they were a happy small family. \"She is absolutely perfect! I can't wait till she grows up to see what she'll be like\" said Margaret one night \"She'll have your spunk and energy I can already tell\" said David. It's been a month since little Annie was born. They were getting short on food but they'd be fine for a while since Annie drank milk. One night in late November David came home saying \"I just got fired from my job. Almost everyone did apparently the economy has gotten worse\" \"oh dear! What should we do! We have a baby!\" They never dreamed they may have to give up their little girl but it was the only thing they could do at this point. A few days later Margret saw a job offer in Canada on a farm, it was all they could do so they got the job. Unfortunately they could not bring children so they decided it would be best to put Annie in an orphanage for the time being. \"I just hate giving her up! I'd hate to stick her in one of those horrible orphanages\" cried Margret \"I know but it's the best we can do we'll come back for her as soon as we can\" said David knowing it may not be true. Margret broke half of her silver locket and put the other half around Annie's neck and wrote a note that said \"please take care of our darling little girl her name is Annie. She was born on October 28th we'll come back to ge her soon we left half a silver locket around her neck and kept the other half so that when we come back for her you'll know that she's our baby.\" David and Margret stood in the front steps of New York City Municipal Orphanage waiting for someone to answer the door. Finally a middle-aged angry looking woman with too much makeup answered the door \"yeah? What'd ya want?\" \" we came to drop our baby Annie here. We found a job on a farm in Canada but they don't allow children. Well come back for her as soon we we can afford it. Please take care of her we love her!\" Said Margret almost crying \"Ya sure give me the brat and get the heck outta here\" said the woman taking Annie out of their arms. A few years later David and Margret were still working on the farm. They had almost enough money to go get Annie and bring her home. One night when Margret was cooking dinner, and David was reading the newspaper the stove somehow caught on fire. \"Crap!\" It was too late for them to escape and they both died. They will never get to go get Annie. Eleven years later Annie still wears the silver locket and reads the note every night never giving up hope that her parents will come back for her someday. \"Maybe now this prayers the last one of its kind won't you please come get your baby maybe.\" ","Summary":" Annie's parents (based on the 1999 Annie) \"She was born on October 28th...\" It was October 28th 1"},{"Movie":"Annie","Title":"Kate's story","Author":"getsmart86","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12450673","Passage":"[Chapter 1] My name is Katie McFee but people call me Kate. I came to this horrible place they call an orphanage 7 years ago when my parents decided that couldn't afford to feed me any more. The day that they dropped me off here was a sad one for all of us. My mom and dad bent down to me and said \"Kate honey we are going away for a while to find work for your dad. Since we don't know where we will be living we think that it's best if you stay here until your dad is able to find work.\" Then my dad ring the doorbell and out stepped the scariest woman I had ever seen. She turned to my parents and asked them what they wanted. My dad looked at her and said \"Miss I am sorry to bother you but my wife and I have fallen on bad times and can't afford to keep feeding our little darling here so I am wondering if you have room for her here at your establishment. She don't eat much.\" The scary looking lady turned to my dad and and said \"Sure I have room for her. What's her name? My dad answered \"her name is Katie McFee but we call her Kate. And she is 4 years old. By the way.\" The scary looking lady told my parents to hurry up and say goodbye to me because she was in the middle of a radio soap opera that I can't remember the name of. My mom said \"Kate honey we'll be back as soon as we can.\" Then they turned to leave and the scary looking lady took me inside. When we got inside she yelled \"Annie come here and show Kate around tell her the rules.\" \"Yes Miss Hannigan.\" Annie replied as she took me by the hand and started to show me around. As Annie was showing me around I heard a smacking sound and asked Annie what it was she said \"That's Pepper getting paddled again. She was caught messing with 's radio.\" After the smacking stopped I asked Annie where the other girls were she said that they were at school. When we came to a closet Annie took out some old ragged sheets and and a grey army blanket with patches on it and handed them to me and said \"Kate these are for your bed.\" As we were going up stairs she said \"Kate has a few rules that we must follow. Number one is to always say \"I love you \" when we are asked. Number Two is never touch her radio. And number three is to call her and nothing else.\" We then got upstairs she showed me to an empty cot in one of the dormitories and Said \"Kate this is your bed.\" Do you need me to show you how to make your bed?\" \"Yes \"I said sadly. After she showed me how to make the bed she said \"Kate I will let you get settled\" After Annie left I started to cry. A while later after the other girls came back from school blew her whistle and told us to line up for dinner. After we had lined up she started to dish up something that was grey and lumpy into bowls and hand them to us. We then took the our bowl to a long table and sat down. When I got my bowl and sat down I looked at Annie and whispered \"what is this?\" Annie whispered back \"it's mush.\" Right after Annie said this came over to us and said \"Annie you know the rule no talking at the table. The next time I catch you talking you're taking a trip to the cellar to visit the ghosts.\" \"Yes .\" Annie replied ","Summary":" My name is Katie McFee but people call me Kate. I came to this horrible place they call an orphanag"},{"Movie":"Annie","Title":"Tessie's story","Author":"getsmart86","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13095291","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Here is my story. I guess I should introduce myself first. My name is Tessie May Stevens. But I didn't become Tessie May stevens in till I was 10 years old. For the first 9 years of my life I was just plain Tessie May. When I was a year old my parents got sick and died and I was taken to the Hudson Street Home for girls. On my 2nd birthday Miss. Hannigan the mean woman who ran the orphanage back then brought in a cute red headed baby and told me that her name was Annie and that I should take care of her. I really didn't know how to take care of a baby so I went into one of the dorms for the older girls and asked for help and a nice girl named Kate came over and said that she would help me. One day I when I was trying to change Annie's diaper she kept squirming around I got really frustrated Kate heard me and told me to calm down. She said \"Tessie let me tell you something that my mother told me before I came to the orphanage. She said that when I got frustrated or worried to say oh my goodness.\" After Kate told me this I calmed down and thanks to Kate's help was able to change Annie's diaper. From then on whenever I got frustrated or worried I would remember Kate's advice and would always say oh my goodness to help me calm down. When I turned 4 and Annie turned 3 Miss. Hannigan came into the nursery and said \" Tessie and Annie come here. I fell that you two are old enough to move into one of the dormitories.\" When she said this I hope that we would be moving into the same room as Kate as she and I had become really good friends. I has so happy to find out that we would indeed be in the same room as Kate. When we got into the room a mean girl came up to us and said \"what are you runts doing in here?\" Then she pushed Annie down. I was surprised when she got back up without crying. Kate then turned to the mean girl and said \" Pepper why don't leave them alone and go back to bed?\" Pepper then went back to bed. After Pepper got back into her bed another girl came up to us and introduced herself as July. I few minutes latter Miss. Hannigan came into the room and said that it was lights out. I whispered to Kate \"where should Annie and I sleep.\" She showed us a couple of empty metal cots and said that was where we should sleep. After I got into my new bed in the dormitory I closed my eyes and tried to sleep. Early the next morning came into the room blowing her whistle and yelled for everyone to get up. After everyone was up she said \"Tessie you and Annie are old enough now to start earning your keep. That means learning to sew and meeting a quota of one dress by the end of the day or you will be paddled. Also you will take your turns like everyone else in the washing room.\" After that she took Annie and I into her office and closed the door. She said \" Tessie, Annie since you are big girls now there are some rules for you to know. Number one never tell a lie. Number two always addresses me as Miss. Hannigan and number three when you are asked you are to say that you love me. If you fail to obey any of these rules You will be paddled.\" After that she took both by the hand and led us up to a closet filled with all sorts of whips and paddles. She then handed us a pail and a scrub brush and told us to start scrubbing the floor. After that my life continued its dull and dreary routine. That is until Molly came.[Chapter 2] p id=\"docs-internal-guid-4edd4e87-7fff-7e98-fde7-7628098670dd\" dir=\"ltr\" style=\"font-family: -webkit-standard; -webkit-text-size-adjust: auto; line-height: 1.38; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;\"span style=\"font-size: 11pt; font-family: Arial; background-color: transparent; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-east-asian: normal; font-variant-position: normal; vertical-align: baseline; white-space: pre-wrap;\"The day Molly came started out just like the others we got up and ate our mush which was hot thank goodness because it tastes worse cold. The we headed to the sewing salon to start work on our dresses. After we worked on our dresses and had stopped just long enough to eat a small bowl of mush for lunch. We were again working on our dresses when the doorbell rang. Miss. Hannigan yelled at Annie to see who was at the door. We heard Annie yell it's Weasel.\" Now I have to stop and tell you that Weasel is the mean cop who has befriended. He is as mean as she is. I've heard that he never goes more than a few feet away from the orphanage unless someone tries to escape then he will drag them back to the orphanage and Miss. Hannigan who will promptly stick them into the cellar. After Miss. Hannigan got to the door Annie then came back into the sewing room. A while later we heard crying coming from 's office. When the crying stop Annie said \"I think that might have been the new girl I saw with Weasel.\" I think that she might be scared so why don't you guys let me go upstairs first and check on her then you then you guys can come up.\" When we did get upstairs Annie introduced us to the new girl. She said \"guys this is Molly why don't you guys come up to her one by one and tell her your names.\" When I went to her I could that she had been crying and that she was grasping on to Annie and wouldn't let her go. I asked her how old she was. She said with her thumb in her mouth \"I'm four.\" Then Pepper said \"get out of here you pip-squeak you should be in the nursery with all the other thumb suckers.\" With that Molly started to cry and reach for Annie to pick her up. /span/p ","Summary":" Here is my story. I guess I should introduce myself first. My name is Tessie May Stevens. But I did"},{"Movie":"Annie","Title":"Pepper's Story","Author":"Whatever598","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12879177","Passage":"[Chapter 1] My name is Pepper, i guess you all know as a cruel bully, who deosn't take anything from anyone... That is true to the most part, i'm not cruel, if they knew the world like i do, they would think i'm a saint. (not that i am one though). In the real world, your either loving a perfect life or a miserable life. There is no imbetween, they are luky to get this dump. This is an upgrade for me, from my last place of course, for your iformation it wasn't my parents place, I wish i was there Now Annie is trying to get some sukker to adopt me, I know it isn't gonna last long, it never does... I guess you are pretty curios to what the hell i am talking about, well apart from my parents being gone, my life ain't no bag of roses. I should probuly explain then.. Shouldn't I?... well here it geos[Chapter 2] I was born on the 5th of feburary, It was 6:00 am when I was born, my twin brother, charlie was born at 4:00am. We live in an huge Estate five times bigger than Warbucks' one, real traditional, we got it becouse we own most companies in America and some others around Europe, we were billionairs. Halfto me, half to my brother. I if something happened to one of us, the other got our share As we grew up to the age of five, we were eachothers best friends, nothing could seperate us. No matter where we are or who we are with we will betheefor eachother. Then... 17th of April... I will never forget this day for aslong as I live. We just came home from visiting New Jersey, our my mom was giving me one of those sholder hugs as we were walking in, the boys behind us. We opened the door, everything was trashed, it stonned us so much that we didn't see the masked men coming from either side of us. They grabbed me and lifted me in the air as they shot my mother, the bang was soo loud it peirced my ears, tears rolling down my cheeks, I saw my dad beating up a guy as my brother ran away. I started kicking and screaming, I had my eyes closed, then bang, I saw my dad lying there motionless in his own blood. Then blackness, I heard sirons in the distance. I was being carried somewhere, they tied me up threw me in a van, then away we went ","Summary":" My name is Pepper, i guess you all know as a cruel bully, who deosn't take anything from anyone... "},{"Movie":"Annie","Title":"Molly's adventure a round robin story","Author":"getsmart86","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12617153","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I remember when the day I helped rescue Annie. It started out just like any other day. Miss. Hannigan woke us up and fed us our morning bowl of hot mush and bread we each got one slice of bread with our mush? After breakfast we went to work at our sewing machines. Since Annie went to stay with that man Warbucks I had to take over her machine. After we finished our dresses and had our lunch bowl of hot mush and bread. She looked at me and told me that I had to clean the bathroom in our room. I told her that I couldn't do it alone. She looked at me and said \"well them Molly I guess that Pepper will have to help you.\" I was upset that she said that Pepper would be the one helping me because she never helped me with any of the chores that Miss. Hannigan said that she was supposed to help me with. For some reason Miss. Hannigan didn't make the other girls do any cleaning. So Pepper and I went to the bathroom to start cleaning. When we went into the bathroom Pepper went and found a bucket to sit on and said \"Molly get to work.\" After I had been cleaning for a while I heard voices coming from the vent under the sink. The only voice I recognized was that of . She said that Annie parents were dead and she had the other half of Annie's locket. Then a man's voice said that they were going to drop Annie in the river. After I heard this I looked up at Pepper who was reading one of Miss. Hannigan's old magazines and Told her that Something bad was going to happen to Annie. All she did was ask me if I had cleaned the can. I said \"Pepper listen to me. I Mean it.\" And then I went over to her and tried to go get the other girls but she grabbed me by the collar and asked me if I wanted a knuckle sandwich. I decided that since she was bigger than me that should probably forget about it and get started cleaning the cans. As I was working on the first toilet I started to get really worried about Annie. I was also starting to get hungry and since I had only been an orphan for two years and wasn't used to being so hungry I started to cry. When Pepper heard me crying she said \"Molly stop being such a baby and getting started on the other can.\" That's when I decided to knock her over with the mop. After I had knocked her over I ran into the dormitory and told the other girls that they were going to do something bad to Annie. Kate then asked me who was going to hurt Annie. I told them that it was Miss. Hannigan since that was the only voice I had recognized. After I said that Tessie said \"Oh my goodness.\"As she usually does when something bad is going to happen. Then as we were starting to leave Pepper came into the room and said \"where are you guys going?\" Kate looked at her and said \"Molly said that is going to do something bad to Annie. \" When Pepper head this she decided that she would go with us. After we opened the bathroom window that Annie used whenever she would try to runaway we went down the fire escape. The next step was really tricky because it went right by a window in 's office. I was really worried about this Part of our escape because Annie would get caught going by this window a lot. When the other girls went by this window they were really quiet and had gotten by it but since I was little and still had tiny baby legs I couldn't keep up and got caught by Miss. Hannigan. After Miss. Hannigan grabbed me I told the others that I would be okay and to go on. After I told them to go on Miss. Hannigan put her hand over my mouth. She had also grabbed my hands and held them together in her other hand. She held like this and made me watch as the other girls were caught and taken back into the orphanage. As I was watching them being made to go back into the orphanage I started crying. After all the other girls were taken back into the orphanage Miss. Hannigan took her hand from my mouth and started to pull my hair she also grabbed my hand and held it up. I struggled to get away but I couldn't. As we were being taken into Miss. Hannigan's office I looked over and saw some of my baby pictures on her desk. When I saw them I started to get really sad. When we got into Miss. Hannigan's office she pushed me so hard into the paddle closet that I almost fell onto Kate.[Chapter 2] After we had all be put into the paddle closet I heard the door being shut and locked. I also heard something being pushed up against the door. Then I started to cry because it was dark inside closet and I was afraid of the dark and had been ever since the night that I was brought to the orphanage and had wet the bed. ","Summary":" I remember when the day I helped rescue Annie. It started out just like any other day. Miss. Hannig"},{"Movie":"Annie","Title":"Happily ever afters do exist","Author":"Anniefan01","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13228278","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Annie has been my favourite film for a long time .. as long as I can remember actually; I thought it would be fun to write what I like to think happened after the movie with the amazing Albert Finney, Ann Reinking and of course Aileen quinn. I do not own anything to do with Annie whatsoever, enjoy! Please leave a review and let me know if your going to read the next chapter! Chapter 1 : new beginnings Waving the final guests goodbye, Annie turned to grace and oliver with the biggest smile on her face. 'Thank you for the best party' she said giggling 'I'm glad you enjoyed it sweetheart' grace said smiling at the excited little girl Suddenly Annie's face turned to confusion and then happiness and then back to confusion, grace and Oliver gave each other a concerned look when Oliver finally said 'Is something bothering you annie' Before they knew it annie had them both in her arms cuddling them until they where practically suffocating.. 'I knew you loved each other' she said remembering the kiss Oliver had given grace. Oliver and grace looked at each other with smiles as big as they could remember ever having. 'I'm a very lucky man to have 2 very amazing ladies in my life' Oliver said looking at grace for reassurance that she was okay to be one of them ladies. Annie moved back as she could feel Oliver and grace moving slowly towards each other and before annie knew it she was covering her eyes laughing whilst her new mommy and daddy kissed each other softly. Grace and Oliver then realised that annie was there and they couldn't continue as they didn't want their first moments together be seen by their little girl. 'Come on annie it's gone 11PM, let's get you to bed' grace said trying to change the situation. 'Gee! 11PM boy that is late!' Annie said yawning Oliver sweeped annie up in his arms and carried her to bed with grace following. Annie looked into her daddy Warbucks eyes thinking how much she loved him and how grateful she was to him for giving her a mommy and daddy. As Oliver lay her in bed and kissed her head goodnight she whispered in his ear 'are you going to ask grace to marry you' Oliver stood over her bed hoping grace hadn't heard, which she appeared not to.. he avoided this question and ruffled her curly hair and walked out the room saying 'goodnight annie'. Grace was left in the room with Annie and she did the usual routine, read her a story, sing her favourite bedtime song and then when she drifted asleep kiss her head and say a little prayer. Grace tiptoed our the room hoping Oliver was waiting for her outside, she shut the door behind her then felt something which made her jump. Oliver kissing her neck. 'Oliver, sir' she said 'let's at least get to another room which isn't Annie's!' She said laughing. Oliver took her hand and led her into his suite. Closing the door behind them they stared into each other's eyes then Oliver placed his hand on her warm, slightly blushed cheek and kissed her softly. Feeling her kissing back he made the kiss more passionate until their knees where weak. 'Sir' grace sighed under her breathe. Oliver stopped kissing her looking at her, a look of worry seemed to appear on her face. 'Is everything okay grace' grace smiled and said 'everything is perfect, however what are we doing? Is this going to lead somewhere or is this just a one night thing' she said with a slight sound of sadness in her voice, as she hoped this wasn't a one night thing and how she hoped her Oliver and Annie could be a family. Oliver looked at her and admitted to her 'I realised grace how I have been inlove with you from the moment you started working for me, I have just always put it to the back of my mind.. I don't know how you feel but I really think we are...' and before he could finish grace was kissing him just as passionately as before. They moved to the bed, lips not leaving the others, before they knew it it was happening. Breathless the pair rolled onto their backs on a side of the bed each. Looking at each other in total ore Oliver exclaimed 'so where did you learn to do that miss Farrel' winking flirtatiously. All grace could seem to do was let a little giggle out, she couldn't believe that had just happened. When their heart rates had gone back to a normal (ish) and they where able to breathe evenly again grace asked 'what made you realise you where going to make a move on me then' laughing as she knew how this time yesterday a question like this would never have came out of her mouth. 'Truth being told grace this has been on my mind for years and years but I've always managed to brush it away. You know me the most out of any person, sometimes I think you know me better than I know myself. You're always right grace, about everything whether it's about the company, money, the weather, Annie you just always seem to know what your doing. And also not forgetting how you are the most beautiful woman I have ever layed my eyes on. Your kind , selfless , caring and when I seen you standing their tonight in that beautiful dress watching me and Annie I just realised how much I wanted you to be apart of my life as what I wanted annie, because at the end of the day grace annie wouldn't be here if it wasn't for you'. Speechless after this speech Oliver has just made she felt herself go slightly red and said to him 'I love you too oliver' she moved up to him and rested her head on his chest and he wrapped his arm around her and before they knew it they where fast asleep in each other arms, smiling. Grace awoke the next morning at 6:30am to oliver tickling her neck, she realised where she was and smirked to herself remembering the night before. 'Good morning' she said softly and sat up to stretch herself, she turned round to look at oliver who was just sitting slightly up staring at her. 'May I ask what's so fascinating about me that you can't appear to take your eyes off me' grace asked 'your beauty' Oliver answered Laughing grace then said 'I best get up and get dressed and go downstairs, Annie will be awake soon and we don't want anyone catching us in here together... do we?' She asked to herself and Oliver 'Would it really be so bad if the staff knew that this beautiful , amazing woman was my life long partner' Oliver said looking at grace waiting for her to realise what he had just said 'Well I gue.. life long partner hey?' Grace said cheerfully 'I want to spend every moment of every day with you grace Farrell.. I love you' Oliver said sitting up so he was face to face with grace Grace leaned in for a kiss and Oliver gladly accepted that offer.. when Oliver was kissing behind her ear she whispered into his 'I love you too oliver' 'I'll see you at breakfast' Grace said leaving the suite to head to her bedroom to get clothed for the day Shutting the door behind her she let out a big breathe of happiness as though she was living the dream[Chapter 2] Grace dressed quickly in her light blue trousers with a matching blazer and white blouse.. she made a little bit more effort with her hair today other than usual leaving it down with very subtle but noticeable curls at the end just sitting on her shoulders. As she was doing her hair, she let her imagination wonder. Thinking about all the times annie herself and Oliver where going to have as a family. She began to think small like their first Christmas together and then she started to think a little bit bigger like their first vacation together and then she started thinking really big, hers and Oliver's wedding. She snapped herself out of this dream realising this was a billion miles away from reality however still with a little bit of hope that it would happen sooner than later. Grace wondered down the hall to Annie's room to go and see if she was awake or if she wasn't to wake her up. As grace entered the sleeping little girls room she felt almost guilty for being about to wake her up. She walked over and patted her head kissing her forehead lightly and then out of the kindness of her heart decided to let her sleep in a little bit later than usual today. Grace silently walked out of Annie's room closing her door behind her. Grace scurried down the glossy staircase, making her way to the dining area. When she got there breakfast was already set out on the table looking as delicious as ever. Taking her seat Mrs Pugh entered singing to herself. Then when she realised grace was there she put the plate of muffins down and gave her a hug, grace stood to receive the hug, hugging her back. Mrs Pugh was almost like a mother to grace. Sadly grace's mother passed away when she was just 14 after being ill for a while. Grace was extremely close to her mother, as for her father he was a raging alcoholic who had barely even bothered with grace in his lifetime. She remembers seeing him about 3 times from the ages of 5-12 and each and everytime he was extremely drunk. So when grace came to work for Oliver Warbucks at the age of just 21, she seen Mrs Pugh as more of a mother figure than a college. They have always understood each other. It only took Mrs Pugh one glance at grace to notice she was extremely happy and wanted to share something. 'Tell me then' Mrs Pugh said looking at grace 'I don't know what your talking about' grace said with a sense of sarcasm in her voice 'I know you want to tell me something grace, but you're just unsure of how to and if you should' Mrs Pugh exclaimed 'I...I...well.. there's this' grace said beginning to chuckle 'Spit it out child!' Mrs Pugh said jokingly 'It's Oliver m'am' grace said shyly 'I knew it, you two have always had a soft spot for each other I can see it in both of your eyes when you look at each other. I am so happy for you grace' Mrs Pugh emotionally said 'Thank you.. but have you really always thought we where meant to be?' Grace said surprised 'It's as clear as this glass of water in your hand' Mrs Pugh said seriously 'How?' Grace asked 'You have a cosmic connection hunny, and when somebody has a cosmic connection it is clear for everybody around them to see, you where made to be together grace. And not just as work partners as real partners' 'Do you really think so' grace said beginning to blush 'I know so' Oliver said from behind grace Grace turned around surprised to see that Oliver was stood there, she wondered how much he had heard. He came up behind her, placed his hands on her shoulders and kissed the top of her head. 'How much did you hear?' Grace asked a little bit embarrassed 'Enough to know we have a cosmic connection' he said winking at Mrs Pugh who was stood there admiring the new couple. 'Oliver I know you don't like hugs but your going to have to get used to it once in a while now' Mrs Pugh almost ran up to oliver and gave him a hug whispering in his ear 'congratulations' Oliver hugged her back and said 'thank you Mrs Pugh' When the two parted grace went in for a hug off Oliver and they stood there for 2 minutes just enjoying being in each other's arms. This whole time Mrs Pugh stood there and watched them overjoyed at the scene she was witnessing. 'Good morning' a little squeaky voice said coming from behind them 'Good morning annie' all three of them said at the same time 'Mmmm Mrs Pugh this looks delicious... you've baked my favourite chocolate chip muffins! Thank you' Annie said excitedly 'I did indeed annie I thought it was a rather special celebration' Mrs Pugh said still starting at Oliver and grace who had sat down at the table by now either side of each other. 'Your talking about grace and daddy Warbucks aren't you?' Annie asked with a cheeky grin on her face 'I most certainly am sweetheart' Mrs Pugh said giggling Annie turned to look at grace and Oliver who sat opposite her. She admired the couple still wondering how she was so lucky to have these two amazing people in her life. 'May I ask a question?' Annie asked 'Go ahead annie' Oliver replied 'Are we a real family now? Do I have a mommy and daddy?' Annie curiously asked 'Well I guess you could say that' grace said 'No.. you can say that, no guessing anymore grace. We are a family.' Oliver replied to grace Annie's face lit up as though she has just seen the biggest, fluffiest unicorn. 'Grace?' Annie said Grace looked up from eating her oatmeal, 'yes darling?' She replied 'Do you mind if I start calling you mommy?' Annie asked casually Grace's face dropped. A wave of emotion flooded her. She wanted to cry. She was trying so hard not to cry. But she couldn't hold it in, she felt the tears rapidly drop from her face and she started laughing. 'Grace I'm sorry I didn't want to upset you I just thought..' and before annie could finish grace stood up, walked around the table, picked annie up, sat on the seat annie was sat in and placed annie in her knee hugging her. 'I'm not crying because i'm sad silly' grace said 'I'm crying because I am extremely happy... I would love to be your mommy' grace said 'Really!' Annie said as though she was almost shocked 'More than anything baby girl' grace whispered to the little girl Grace looked up from hugging annie and seen Oliver sat there staring at the pair of them. Grace thought she seen a tear in his eye but didn't say anything as she didn't want to embarrass him. Grace gave Oliver the biggest smile and reached out for his hand across the table, he took her hand and gave his head a shake to get rid of the tears in his eyes. This moment was the most perfect moment any of them had ever experienced, could life get any better?[Chapter 3] Today was a day worth celebrating; Oliver decided to give grace and himself the day off. He wanted to go out with Annie and grace. But where could he take them he thought to himself. What girls don't like shopping? that's where he'd take them. He travelled into the family room where he found annie and grace, grace was brushing Annie's hair. 'Sorry Oliver I'll be in the office in 5 minutes'she said hurrying with Annie's hair 'No need to darling.. we're all going to go shopping instead of working today' Oliver said rather smugly Annie and graces face lit up 'SHOPPING!' Annie exclaimed 'I've never been shopping before daddy!' Grace and Oliver where so shocked when annie said this 'You've never been shopping?' They both said at the same time gasping 'No, we weren't hardly ever allowed to leave the orphanage, only when we had to travel the laundrette on mr bundles day off' Annie answered 'Oh you poor girls' grace said with a hint of sadness in her voice 'But don't worry we had a lot of fun going the laundrette, we used to play tag all the way there' Annie said laughing , remembering the times she had with the girls 'You can buy anything you want today annie' Oliver said because he felt guilty 'Really daddy?!' Annie stood up and hugged Oliver so hard. Grace watched and smiled at the bond the pair of them had 'But first missy you need to go and brush your teeth' grace told annie Annie skipped away upstairs to the bathroom. When annie left the room grace turned to Oliver and filrtatiously smiled. She walked closer towards him and wrapped her arms around his neck. 'What made Oliver Warbucks, the workaholic, take a day off for two girls' she asked 'Because I wanted to and I shall no longer be questioned about it' and when he said this he kissed grace. 'What a nice way to tell me to shut up' she said pulling away but then kissing back as she couldn't resist his lips. 'I have plenty of tricks up my sleeve' he said winking The pair of them let out a laugh and held each other in their arms, enjoying being together 'Oliver' grace said 'Grace' Oliver replied 'I love you' she said softly 'As do I' Oliver replied kissing her head and before any of them could say anymore annie ran into the room shouting 'READY TO GO!' and at that moment the family of three left to go shopping. What felt like 100 hours later they returned home.. annie has dragged them into every shop possible, even the hardwore store that sold tools. They bought annie and new teddy and a pretty new pink dress and a nice pair of white, glossy shoes. Grace bought a nice new pair of earrings. And nobody knew what Oliver bought apart from Oliver himself. Whilst shopping Oliver disappeared for around 40 minutes the girls just thought he might of had to speak to Punjab about work matters as Punjab had gone with him too, leaving grace, Annie and the asp to go around the toy shop. 'Right I'm going to the office' Oliver told the girls when they walked threw the front door. 'Grace feel free to take the rest of the day off' Grace looked up and smiled at Oliver mouthing thank you. Before Oliver rushed off annie ran over to him and gave him the tightest hug and said 'thank you daddy Warbucks for such a wonderful day I can't believe all the wonderful stuff you so kindly bought me' 'No need to thank me sweetie.' He said rubbing her head By this time Is was 6:30PM, the family had decided to eat out so Mrs Pugh had the night of which she wasn't very thrilled about. Sandy was exhausted from all the walking round he had done today and for the first time since living in the mansion he left Annie's side and went to Annie's bed to go to sleep. Annie let out a huge yawn. 'Are you sleepy dear' grace questioned 'Actually I am mommy' Annie said truthfully Grace knew annie must have been tired as she never admitted when she was tired as she liked to stay up as late as possible 'It's been a long day hasn't it baby. Shall we go and get you ready for bed?' She asked 'Is it not to early for bed?' Annie asked pretending she didn't want to go to bed when really all she could think about was snuggling down in her duvet and closing her sleeping eyes 'If you're tired annie you can go to bed. We don't want you to be grumpy tomorrow now do we because you where tired and didn't go to bed' grace said laughing 'I suppose you're right. Nobody likes a grumpy annie!' She said giggling The pair of them walked to Annie's room to get her sorted for bed. Before they knew it annie was fast asleep in her night gown in her bed. Grace stood and admired the sight of her little girl for 10 minutes or so before kissing her on the head and leaving the room. She didn't quite know what to do with herself as it was only 7PM and usually Annie didn't go to bed until at least 9PM. She decided she could go and help Oliver in the office. As she walked down the corridor she heard mumbling coming from the office. That was odd she thought, it was only Oliver in the room. As she entered, Oliver jumped up and placed something on the inside of his jacket. Grace just brushed what had just happened away and shook her head. 'I gave you the night of grace' Oliver said 'I know but annie has fallen asleep already and I just don't quite know what to do with myself' she said slightly laughing. YES! Oliver thought to himself. This was the perfect opportunity to do what he wanted to do. The sun was setting so it was perfect. 'Why don't you put on your jacket and we'll go for a walk around the gardens' he asked 'Are you sure you don't want me to finish the letters I didn't get chance to finish this morning?' She asked rather confused 'No, they can wait until tomorrow let's just have a relaxing night. Just the two of us.' He said 'Well I guess so then' grace said smiling She went over to the coat stand, grabbed her creamish coloured trench coat. When she had finished tying it she reached for Oliver's arm which was already out waiting for her to hook it with hers. Arm in arm they left the office and headed for the gardens. 'There's something I wanted to talk to you about grace' Oliver said 'Oh gosh what is it' She asked concerned 'Nothing bad at all' he said 'in fact something rather... amazing' Oliver said as he felt himself start to get nervous 'Oh go ahead then' grace said unknowing what to expect 'As you know grace I have honestly loved you for such a rather long time now. I can't imagine my life without you. Everytime I see you my heart can't contain itself. I'm happy when your around grace. I don't know what sort of spell you have me under but it's a rather powerful one. I'm completely inlove with you and can't imagine my life with anyone else' They got to the fountain the destination Oliver wanted to reach. Here goes nothing he thought to himself 'So I want to ask you something.' Oliver said. He got down onto one knee in front of the fountain, went into his jacket pocket took out a Tiffany's box and opened the box. Inside was the most gorgeous diamond ring that shimmered on the rays of the last remaining sun rays. 'Grace Farrel.. will you marry me?' He asked gulping in nerves. He looked up to see graces reaction and she was in floods of tears. Never before had he seen grace in such a state. 'Oh Oliver I would love to be your wife' she said pulling him up to wrap her arms around him. As they parted he took her hand and placed the ring on her finger. It was perfect. Grace couldn't quite believe this was happening. She was overjoyed. She was going to be a wife. Her name was going to be grace Warbucks. She could not quite wrap her head around this. She thought she was in a dream and any second she was going to wake up. Oliver kissed her softly and wiped her tears away. 'I hope those are happy tears' he said chuckling 'I'm beyond happy oliver' she said They walked with their arms around each other's wasted back into the house, Grace's head resting on Oliver's shoulder. When they got into the house they both headed to the suit and put there pyjamas on. (Grace slipped herself into a silk, short, pearl coloured nighty as she knew what would more than likely happen tonight) And she most certainly was right. After they had finished doing loves deed, they both lay contently on one another and fell fast asleep ","Summary":" Annie has been my favourite film for a long time .. as long as I can remember actually; I thought i"},{"Movie":"Annie","Title":"That Something is No One But You","Author":"Annie1999fan","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12803921","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Oliver Warbucks was the richest man in New York, perhaps the world. He had everything he could ever want and owned mansions and yachts all over the world. But Oliver Warbucks was one of the loneliest. He had no family since the age of 10 and not a single friend to speak of. Sure he went out with the prettiest women in the world but they never lasted more than a few dates. Oliver has always been hostile towards his staff and colleagues. He was known to have one of the coldest hearts. He was surprised when his 6th secretary, Grace Farrell started working for him 5 years ago and never quit her job. Sure she could put up with his temper and knew when to leave him alone when he needed it. She knew exactly what sheets h liked and how he wanted his Brandy's . Grace was the sort of woman he could never see himself with. She was quiet, kind hearted and hard working. Although she was an African American that wasn't what bothered him about her, she was just too perfectly perfect in every way. He never had real feelings for her, sure they talked sometimes but only in business, and sure there were a few times when they'd meet each other's gazes but they were only business partners nothing else maybe she thought of him as an acquaintance nothing more. That was until Annie arrived. Of course he had no intention in caring for the child he just wanted his public relations attention so he brought in an orphan to stay with him for Christmas. He had no idea what to even do with a child so on her first night at the mansion he suggested she go to his club for a Brandy. Of course Grace knew what she was doing better than he was and suggested a broadway show. Of course a broadway show with just Annie and Grace turned into the three of them strolling down the streets of NYC in which Annie was in complete awe of. Oliver started to notice how good Grace was with Annie. Grace had this pure gentleness about her. He couldn't help but smile as she ran along with Annie buying her peanuts and ice cream. It made him smile how Annie bonded so well with Grace.. The night ended with Annie falling asleep in Oliver's arms, he was quite surprised and touched at the same time how the child took so much trust in hiin in a short night. Oliver even carried Annie up to bed and gently lay the NYC globe he had given her that night. Again Oliver was amazed at how gentle Grace was with Annie, pulling the blankets up around her, brushing her hair out of her face and even giving her a gently kiss on her forehead. He always knew grace had a soft heart for children and he was glad to witness it. As the week wore on Oliver began to bond with Annie and realized he did care for her very much. He was even starting to realize that he had more feelings for Grace than he has ever before. Ever since their night on the town he started to notice how beautiful Grace was. Not only was she beautiful on the outside but on the inside as well. But he knew she would never be able to deserve a cold hearted man like him. But there were even more moments when they were working together on Oliver's study when they would look into each other's eyes as if reading one neither's thoughts. Even Annie, as young and innocent as she was started to notice too. She asked about it as they were having lunch together only a few days after she arrived. \"Mr. Warbucks are you in love with miss Grace?\" Oliver nearly chocked on his brandy. This child notices everything. \"Well she is my secretary, Annie we are just work friends.\" \"Well if you really liked her then you wouldn't be calling her by first name, because usually it's not polite to call a woman by her first name.\" \"Well she's been working with me for over 5 years and we've been calling each other by first name for a hike now.\" That got Annie thinking. \"Well gee you guys sure do look at each other a lot like you're lovesick or something. I remember when Mr Bundles gave Miss Hannigan that look but she always told him to go away.\" Seeing at how innocent she was and this conversation was probably be going to come up more often than he like he took a deep breath and took another drink of brandy. \"Ok Annie I think you got me this time. I do like Grace a lot, maybe even more of a friend. Can you keep this a secret for me?\" \"Sure! But I think you should tell Grace that you like her I think she likes you more than a friend too.\" \"You're probably right Annie I'm going to talk to her soon.\" Wanting to cut this conversation short Oliver decided it was time for them to finish up and head back to the mansion. One night a few days before Christmas Eve Oliver decided to tell Grace about wanting to adopt Annie and his true feelings for her. Oliver and Grace had just put Annie into bed after a long day of Annie wanting to do everything there was to do in New York. She was finally able to wear out all her energy by 10 that night. They were back in Oliver's study doing some last minute work before retiring for the night. \"Oh, Grace I…uh.. I want to adopt Annie. It's not that I really care for her it's just I can't hear her going back to that horrible orphanage.\" \" That's a wonderful idea sir! You have plenty of room here and the staff adores her.\" \"Great I'll call the Board of Orphans tomorrow morning to get all the papers then all we need is a judge to sign the adoption papers!\" \"Yes sir I'll do that right away! We should get her a little something, perhaps a new locket to replace the broken on she always wears.\" \"I'll see that I go to Tiffany's tomorrow while you get the paperwork signed.\" Remembering the other thing he wanted to talk to Grace about he started blushing and pulled grace towards him as she was leaving the study. \"Oh and, Grace….uh… you look really pretty tonight.\" \"Thanks for noticing sir. \"And seeing you taking care of Annie makes me think of what a great mother you will be someday. And I have come to the conclusion that I…uh.. I have deeper feelings for you than just my secretary.\" Grace stood looking at Oliver suddenly growing quiet. Thinking she was mad or didn't feel the same way as he did he didn't expect what she said next. Oliver I feel the same way too. I always had for the past 5 years I just didn't want to make things awkward because I'm your secretary. There's no one in the world I'd want to be with than you.\" His eyes almost filling with tears, he has never heard anyone say those words before.. \"But you're too perfect and kindhearted and I'm s hot tempered tyrant I don't deserve you.\" \"I can put up with your temper any given day and I wouldn't trade it for the world. I would be so incredibly happy being with you.\" Both were silent for a moment then Oliver pulled grace into his arms and started to kiss her gently on the lips, seeing that Grace didn't seem to want to let go he deepened the kiss lasting for about five minutes. They finally pulled apart and went up to bed for the night. As Oliver was about to fall asleep he couldn't stop thinking how happy he was that he and Grace shard the same feelings all along. He didn't care if his colleagues didn't like the fact that he as in love with an African American woman. So what if the press kept asking why he fell in love with His African American secretary? He was just happy he could get all that off his chest and he knew of a certain 12 year old that would be very happy with him too![Chapter 2] The nw y few days were hectic for everyone. When Oliver presented Annie with the new locket she told Oliver how much she wanted to find her real parents and that the broken locket was left with her at the orphanage along with a note from her parents promising to come for He Rome day. Oliver decided he would not rest until her parents were found. He put every FBI agent on the case and even bought every radio station to promote the search for Annie's parents. Annie even went on the Oxydent Hour Of The Smiles where it was announced that there would be a 50 thousand dollar reward for the couple proving to be Annie's parents. On Christmas Eve there were thousands of couples lined up all along 5th Avenue where they were handed questionnaires about information on Annie's note and locket. It turns out they were all fakes and frauds wanting nothing but to get their hands on Oliver Warbucks's 50 thousand dollar reward. As much as he wanted Annie to be happy and to have parents of her own, Oliver was somewhat glad her parents haven't shown up so he can finally adopt her as his own. \"Everyone was a fake sir, it seems as if everyone who showed up at our doorstep today were fakes.\" Grace said as she was tearing up yet another questionnaire all answered wrong. Oliver got up from his desk and bent to kiss Grace. They haven't told Annie that they were in love just yet, but Oliver bought Grace an engagement ring the day he went to Tiffany's to get Annie a new locket. He still had it in his shirt pocket waiting until the right moment to propose. \"There's a slim chance they're even alive Grace. What parent would leave their child at an orphanage for 11 years without any means of contact?\" \"You're right Oliver but I just don't want to see her disappointed .\" That moment Annie ran into the-study as energetic as ever asking if her parents came yet. Oliver hated to disappoint her but yet he told her that no they haven't shown up and everyone who claimed to be turned out to b fakes. Annie being her optimistic self said that they were probably lost or missed their train. Oliver gave her a reassuring squeeze on the arm. Drake walked in with a letter from the FBI with information about Annie's locket. Unfortunately they were not able to trace her parents through it because so many of that kind of locket were made and sold in between 1914-1924. Oliver knew that Annie wanted nothing but to find her real parents but he had to face facts that they were probably dead. He told Annie that even though he's been in headlines of newspapers, had two universities named after him and a fortune made 10 there was still something missing in his life. And that Something was the little girl dancing with him in the dimly lit foyer. \"Well if I can't have my real parents I'd really like it if you were my father!\" Annie and Oliver then hugged each other close for a minute then he called to Grace. He told grace that he wanted to adopt Annie and make it a huge Christmas celebration with caviar, champagne and ice cream and roasted corn for the little lady. Grace's eyes light up and hugged her employer. She couldn't be more happy for them. Oliver then mentioned that he was inviting the whole staff as guests Annie, wanting them to finally be together looked up at Oliver and Grace not knowing they have been in love for a few days now \"Miss Grace will you be there too because it's rally nice seeing you two together.\" \"I'd be honored.\" Oliver couldn't wait fo the moment he could propose to Grace and ho happy Annie would be. It'd be a Christmas surprise for both of them. In what seemed like seconds the house was transformed into a Christmas wonderland. There were wreaths, gingerbread houses and the Christmas tree was as big and had as many lights as the one at the Rockefeller center. Oliver had guessed himself up for the occasion and couldn't wait for Annie to come downstairs to finally start the adoption process. Finally Annie ascended down the stairs in the cutest red dress and black Mary Janes and the cutest hairstyle done up in French ringlets around her head. Oliver was the luckiest man in the world and scooted up his soon to be daughter in his arms as happy as ever. \"Together at last, together forever were tying a knot no one can sever\" they sang to each other dancing around the foyer. By the time they both knew it, justice brandies arrived to sign the adoption papers. Oliver shook the judge's hand \"Thanks for making it in such short notice. This is Annie\" \"Nice to meet you\" \"I think we should get started\" the judge said as he was pulling out the legal documents he needed. All of a sudden drake walked in with a newly arrived couple in the most outrageous getup anyone has ever seen. They were a poor looking middle aged couple saying they were Ralph and Shirley Mudge. Yes these two people claimed to be Annie's parents. — Oliver didn't want to accept the fact that these were Annie's parents. They even had the note and locket to prove it. As happy as he was for Annie he couldn't seem to notice that Annie was very unhappy, which made him even more happy. He was beginning to suspect that this couple weren't who they claimed to m. After Annie ran upstairs in tears he antes to go and comfort her but grace beat him and ran after Annie. An hour later Oliver sat alone in his study and grace walked in and put her head on Oliver's shoulder. Oliver gently kissed the top of her head. \"She asleep?\" \"Yes she cried in my arms as I was singing to her. Oh Oliver I hate seeing her like this I want her to be happy with her new parents, but at the same time I have the strangest feeling that I have seen this woman before and they both seem not who they're claiming to be\" \"As much as I hate to think of this but I strongly agree. I have the strangest feeling this woman is not her mother.\" \"Ans the only person other than us and the FBI that know about the note and locket is Miss Hannigan, and this Shirley Mudge looks a great deal like her.\" \"Oh no…Grace do are you thinking what I'm thinking?\" \"Yes Shirley Mudge is Miss Hannigan herself and she's using some other man to pretend to be Annie's father!\" At that moment Oliver got on the phon with the FBI agents and old them his suspicions. Oliver could not let Annie get into whatever this awful woman had planned and he need to find out about this couple fast. Oliver and Grace were up all night working with the FBI agents and were able to come to conclusion that yes the Mudge's were indeed frauds. And the people behind this whole scene were miss Agatha Hannigan herself and her con artist brother Daniel Francis Hannigan also known as \"Rooster\" also known as Danny The Dip. So no Annie will not be leaving with them tomorrow morning. The president arrived early that morning to help identify who they were and what became of Annie's real parents. He was also there for the Christmas dinner Oliver had invited him to the night Annie first arrived. Later on Christmas morning Oliver and Grace met Annie at the front steps. She was already in her coat with her suitcase ready to leave with her \"parents\". Annie noticed that Oliver and Grace didn't get much sleep and just as Oliver was about to explain the situation they heard the door open and overly syrupy voices. \"Where our little Christmas present? We know she's here somewhere?\" Mr Mudge pretended to look for Annie. She asked if they could keep Sandy, Mrs Mudge said obviously sarcastically that of course she can keep him and the only thing she loved more than little girls is little dogs. Oliver couldn't wait to reveal who they really were. \"Now we got our little Annie then our little check then well bI'll on our way\" \"But Annie hasn't even opened her Christmas presents yet\" Grace was trying her best to stall them from taking Annie. \"Oh well we ain't got time\" Mrs Mudge grabbed the suitcase out of Oliver's hand as they went onto th study to be they're \"little check\" As the Mudges we're leaving Annie have one last frightened glade at Oliver and Grace. It wasn't a minute later when she hey heard voices coming from outside. It appeared to be a blonde woman followed by the orphans from the orphanage who went up to Miss Hannigan and said at the same time sarcastically \"We LOVE YOU MISS HANNIGAN!\" Miss Hannigan and Rooster tried to make a break for it but the president of rh United States caught them and revealed who they were before they could escape. They were all caught and arrested, which meant the orphans were free of Miss Hannigan and they didn't have to Ok any longer. \"Miss Hannigan's gone forever!\" \"Yay!\" Now that Annie knew who the Mudges were or was time to break the sad news to Annie that her real parents died some years ago. Annie walked to the bottom of the stairs with tears in her eyes. Grace went up behind and asked gently \"Annie are you alright?\" \"Yeah I think so… it's just that I always knew my parents loved me..and they'd com back for me…if they were alive.\" Grace took the poor child in her arms. Annie, always looking on the bright side of things suddenly smiled and said \"Well the bright side is at least I'm not a Mudge!\" \"Well I hope this can be a new life for us.\" Oliver finally could say Annie was his daughter and now grace can be his wife. He took out the Tiffany's box with an engagement ring that he'd bene holding for more than a week. Annie's eyes lit up, knowing what this meant. He went up to Grace, pulled her into her arms and took out the ring. \"When I say this is a new life for all of us I do man all of us.\" Grace and Annie both has huge grins on their faces. Annie was able to keep the secret that he had feelings for Grace all week and Grace was more than thrilled that her boss finally was proposing to her. Grace and Oliver put their arms around each other with Annie in the middle. They all couldn't be any happier, Annie had her dream parents, Oliver was able to confide to Grace that h loved her and wanted to marry he and Grace could finally say how she felt about he boss all along. Oliver Warbucks went for, being the loneliest man in the world to the luckiest man in the world. \"I don't need anything but you…\"[Chapter 3] A/N I hope you all had just as much fun reading this as I did writing it! Here is the last chapter it takes place 5 years after the 1999 movie so Annie is 16 and Molly is 12. ... Has it really been five years already? If someone asked Oliver Warbucks if he was going to marry his secretary and adopt two kids he'd think they're insane. But now Oliver was th luckiest man in the world. He and Grace have been just as in love with each other since they got married five years ago. He couldn't even remember a time when they got into a fight. Sure he still lost his temper once in a while but Grace was always there to comfort him with a kiss, and if there were no little eyes around more than just a kiss. Oliver love every moment with Grace and he was so happy he chose her to be his wife. Oliver's life has been complete. After thy adopted Annie they adopted Molly as well. They both grew into beautiful young women over th last few years. Annie just turned 16 and was learning to drive and was starting to think about college. Oliver and Grace were so proud of their little girl and how far she's come. Annie was talking about becoming an American Sign Language interpreter-after taking a few classes the past to years. She had many friends and was as outgoing and energetic as always. Molly was still sweet cuddly and shy. Oliver ans Grace couldn't be more proud of how she was able to overcome her dyslexia when she was younger. She love middle school and just joined the field hockey team. Oliver lov d his little family and wouldn't trade anything in the world for them. Now it was grace and Oliver's 5 year anniversary. They decided to go to western Massachusetts in the Berkshire for a weekend. They were both excited o spend some alone time together. They left the mansion at 6 Friday morning and were planning on coming home early Monday morning. Both girls were spending the weekend at friends houses so good byes were made the night b fore they went to bed. Oliver and Grace arrive to their hotel and checked in at noon on Friday. They spent the rest of the day enjoying themselves and had a picnic lunch. \"Grace can you believe we've bene married for five years? It feels lik just yesterday Annie was coming to stay with us for Christmas.\" \"It sure has been a hectic five years but I wouldn't trade it for anything. I love you Oliver Warbucks.\" \"I love you Grace you're the one and only love of my life and I'm still and always I'll be the luckiest man in the world.\" They spent the rest of the weekend sightseeing and what not cuddling in bed and being together alone for the first time in a while. Oliver was so happy to finally have his wife all to himself but he was excited to get home to the rest of his family. He couldn't wait to see what the next few years would bring and all the new memories they will share together. The end! Again thank you so much for commenting, following and favoriting! I have no idea where that idea that Annie would be an ASL interpreter came up but hey I'm deaf and I love that idea! ,amber I'll do another story where Annie learns ASL! ","Summary":" Oliver Warbucks was the richest man in New York, perhaps the world. He had everything he could ever"},{"Movie":"Charlie's Angels: The Movie","Title":"Charlie's Angels:Overdrive(Re-posted)","Author":"tyler.harris.796774","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10369684","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Sorry for the long wait,I lost my account.I don't know anything about CSIs,But this the best I could think of. Ch.2:The Redheaded Girl Natalie,Alex,and Dylan went to Charlie's office. \"Bosley!\"they cried as they saw Bosley standing in the middle of the room. \"Angels!\"he hugged the three of them.\"I hadn't seen you guys in years\". \"Not as good as seeing you,Bos\"said Natalie. \" So how are your babies?\" asked Bosley. \"They're not really babies anymore\"Natalie said. \"Mine just turned 4 \" said Alex.\"What about you,Dylan?\"he turned to her. \"Really great\"said Dylan.\"So this is our final case\". \" I guess so,But we're going to have to hear from him\"said Bosley as he pressed the speaker. \"Good morning,Angels\"Charlie's voice was heard on the speaker. \"Good morning,Charlie\"the girls said unison. \"It's been a long time since you've came here.I see your voices hadn't change since our last mission\"he said. \"We're doing just fine,Charlie\"said Natalie. \"Now,I've called you here for an important mission. Bosley,click to the screen for me\" he said as Bosley pressed the TV on the wall switches around and turned on. \"Just last week,a man in a white suit kidnapped a young girl from an girl's identity is unknown and so is the orphanage is called Lakeview Orphanage in Beverly Hills so I'm thinking that you girls would go undercover\" \"We're in\"said Natalie.\"and we are going to need Bosley on this\"added Alex. \"Count me in!\"he arrived at Lakeview wearing CSI disguises. Natalie and Dylan posed as the male evidence carriers Alex was the detective and Bosley was the investigator that analyzed the knocked on the door and saw a middle-aged woman answer it.\"Elizabeth Bloom,CSI\"Alex stated her undercover name,\"We're here to investigate the kidnapping that has happend here recently\".The woman immediately let them in as she quickly remembered about the ,Dylan,and Bosley investigated the young girl's room and the rest of the asked about the girl's name and she said Avery Jenson. \"It wasn't easy knowing if somebody was kidnapping a kid or adopting it and that's what it looked like \" she explained. Alex asked how did it happend. The woman explained that a man with sleek dark hair asked for Avery Jenson and was willing to take her in,But as she left she heard screams for help and the car drove found a picture of Avery,But Dylan found strands of dark hair on the floor. and looked shocked. After they left,they walked to Dylan's car. \"All we know is that a man in a white suit kidnapped her and the girl's name is Avery Jenson\"said Alex.\"So all we have to do is find her and the bad guy\"added noticed Dylan looking a little worried. \"Dylan,what is it?\". \"Guys\"she said,\"I think we found him\". \" Who?\"asked Alex. \"Creepy Thin Man's bad guy\"Dylan continued,\"He's back\". ","Summary":" Sorry for the long wait,I lost my account.I don't know anything about CSIs,But this the best I coul"},{"Movie":"Charlie's Angels: The Movie","Title":"Charlie's Angels : Overdrive","Author":"icarlylover14","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10305750","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Ch.1:A New Case It had been 10 years since the Angels completed O'Grady case in after the case became the time to retire so the Angels moved on .Natalie married Pete ,adopted twins , and became a model , Alex married Jason and became a martial arts teacher , and Dylan became an author and music producer . They still stay in touch with each other , But hadn't been in the agency since . Max has joined the agency as the first male agent . At Natalie's house , She and her daughter , Lola , were dancing to \" Heaven Must Be Missing An Angel \" that morning . Pete came downstairs with their son Jasper . \" Hi , honey \" she kissed Pete . \" Hey , looks like somebody's up this morning \" he said to Lola . Lola and Jasper were only 9 and were use to their mom playing music in the morning . Lola nodded and grinned . \" What's for breakfast ? \" asked Jasper . \" Toast , pancakes , and omelette \" replied Natalie . \" I hate omelette \" whined Jasper . \" I don't ! \" snapped Lola . \" After breakfast , how about you guys can walk Spike ? \" suggested Natalie . \" Are you guys gonna be mushy again? \" asked Lola . \" That young lady is none of your business \" Pete chuckled as he ruffled her hair . Then , Natalie heard her phone buzz so she answered it . \" Hello ... Hey...What? ...now?...Oh my god ,um , I'll be right there \" she hung up and began to leave . \" Who was that ? \" asked Pete . \"I'd love to tell you , Buy I got to go . Bye girls , love you ! \" she called as she walked out of the door . Then , Pete knew what that meant , But Lola and Jasper looked at each other confused . While she went to her car , she called Dylan , \" Did you hear from him yet ? \" . \" Yeah . I don't know what's going on \" she replied .\" We haven't done this in a long time \" . \" Me either \" replied Natalie . At Alex 's house , Alex was helping Jason with his new action movie . \" So a machine gun can travel 7.62 even underwater ? \" asked Jason . \" Yes , sweetie \" she assured him . \" Mommy , can I bring my Powerpuff Girls blanket ? \" asked Maggie , their 4-year - old daughter . \" Sure \" Alex knelt down to her level . \"can I also bring my blue belt in for show and tell ? \" asked Maggie . \" Are you sure you don't want to bring us ? \" asked Jason . \" No , I'm okay with bringing my blue belt and the prop from Maxinum Extreme \" she replied . Maggie was mature for her age ,even to hear about her dad's movies even though she didn't see them. She was very proud of her parents ' jobs , But she was also interested in stories with princesses and different kinds of adventures . \" Ok , sweetie . Now , eat your waffles \" said Alex as Maggie sat at the table . Alex 's phone buzzed and she quickly answered it . After she was done , she hung up and began to leave . \" What is it ? \" asked Jason . \" I have to go . It'll take a while for me to get back \" said Alex as she went to her car . \" Alex ! Alex ! \" Jason called out the door . He walked back into the kitchen . \" Charlie \" he muttered . \" That was Charlie ? \" asked Maggie . \" What do you know about him ? \" asked Jason . Mommy told me that her , Aunt Natalie , and Aunt Dylan were in an agency with him \" explained Maggie ,\" , But she couldn't tell me the rest because it's a secret \" . ","Summary":" Ch.1:A New Case It had been 10 years since the Angels completed O'Grady case in after the case beca"},{"Movie":"Charlie's Angels: The Movie","Title":"Natalie's Little Secret","Author":"Akemisumi","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10701562","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Outside Chores \"Good morning sun!\" Natalie exclaimed happily, pulling wide the curtains from her bedroom window. The bright morning sun washed over her bedroom, making everything bright and golden. Natalie stood in her underwear wearing only a bright purple babydoll short-cuffed shirt. \"And good morning to you too, Spidey!\" Natalie smiled down at the center of her boy briefs. Bright white cotton with red outlines along with Spiderman etched in the front and back of her underwear. Although the morning sun made Natalie's sexy legs shined beautifully from the sunlight as she walked to the center of her room. \"Now what shall I do today?\" Natalie said as she tied her blonde and black hair back into a small ponytail while leaving some in front as bangs, \"Oh right! Today is chores day! And later I must meet Bosley and the girls at the office.\" Without wasting any time, Natalie walked to her closet, pulled out a pair of white socks, a bandana, along with red and white shoes. She sat on her bed, put on her socks until it was one-third up to her cleanly shaved calves, and then put her red and white shoes on. She tied the bandana around her neck, and walked outside in her underwear. As soon as she stepped out onto the front porch, the morning sun showered Natalie from above as she inhaled the fresh air of sunflowers. Birds chirp happily around her while the trees bristled lightly from the gentle wind. \"Hmm...\" Natalie frowned as she stood outside on her front porch with her hands on her hips, \"It is a little bit humid today.\" Another soft wind blew across her face and gently cooled her naked legs. Although she wasn't sweating, she could feel a hint of sweat prickling from her arms and the gap between her legs. She scanned the lawn closely and saw that the grass might need some minor trimming and her flowers needed some watering. \"I'll water the plants first,' Natalie smiled as she skipped (and almost fell) down the porch and walked gracefully to the watering hose. Despite it being humid, Natalie felt as refreshed and alive within herself. She found the hose along with a small empty bucket, and started filling the bucket with water. Once the bucket was full, Natalie grabbed the handles with both hands and lifted the heavy bucket, muscles twinging from her calves and quadriceps. She was the tallest angel out of Alex and Dylan, almost equaling height with Bosley too. But it couldn't have been thanks to Spidey. It was why Natalie became an Angel in the first place. Ever since she accidentally found one inside a dressing room, Natalie always wanted to become a superhero. She was eighteen years old, fresh out of high school and going to attend her first semester at MIT. High school had Natalie depressed, always being depicted as a weirdo and a nerd with large braces on her teeth. Wishing to start a new chapter with a bang, Natalie went to the mall to buy new clothes to impress her fellow classmates. Almost tripping inside the dressing room with a bundle of clothes in her hands, Natalie eyed a clean pair of boy Spiderman underwear on the doorknob. She dropped the clothes on the floor, and held the used underwear with both hands. It had her mesmerized: white with red outlines with Spidey etched on the front and rear of the undies. \"I suppose it wouldn't hurt to try it on,\" Natalie said quietly. Looking back to see if nobody was watching, Natalie unlaced her shoes, dropped her jeans and panties, and put on the Spiderman underwear. To her surprise, it was a perfect fit! Natalie looked at her reflection in the dressing room mirror, did a little pirouette, and smiled. She walked out of the mall buying nothing but a new pair of underwear. Seven years later, she happily wore it everywhere she went! Watering the flower beds for half an hour, Natalie wiped the sweat off her brow and took a break. She looked down at the center of her underwear and Natalie felt a familiar arousal, her fingers dropping lower and lower until she was touching the lips of her vagina. Soon she started rubbing it, her fingers entering deeper inside and rubbing harder and harder until she let out a soft moan. Milky white fluid was rising inside her and soon it was pumping out of her vagina, warming her fingers and underwear and, if it would be too much, drizzle down the smooth curves of her thighs, down her calves and, if lucky, soak a portion onto her white socks, leaving a shiny wet trail from its demise. However she decided not to. She had the rest of the day to do it. Breaking away from her quiet moment by slapping a mosquito away from her arm, she lifted the nearly empty bucket, and emptied the rest of the water into the final flower pot. By the time the UPS man arrived to deliver a package to Natalie, she was almost finished trimming her lawn. Natalie, shivering slightly because the weather was getting cooler, was just about to put away the trimming equipment inside her garage and go inside, until she heard the house doorbell ring. She saw the UPS man waiting outside and she smiled greatly. She loved having visitors! \"Hey! Good morning!\" Natalie smiled and waved at the UPS man. She closed the door behind her and walked marvelously toward him at the entrance of her home. She took long strides to close the gap between them while brushing grass off her legs. The UPS man was stunned by the beautiful woman walking toward him. Although trimming didn't spare Natalie from getting dirty, nevertheless she looked marvelous to anybody who walked by. He silently gave her the clipboard which she needed to sign. Natalie smiled again and took the clipboard with her slender hands and, seeing how she didn't have a hard surface to sign it, raised a wet and spotless knee up until it was about 90 degree angle, placed the clipboard on her soft smooth thigh, and signed the clipboard.. Her Spiderman briefs creased due to her raised leg, and a few flecks of grass from her undies fell onto the concrete floor. After rereading and signing the papers, Natalie lowered her knee until her red and white shoe touched the ground and gave the clipboard to the stunned UPS man. \"You know, I signed that release paper, so I can take that heavy package from your hands now.\" Natalie giggled and slapped her legs with her open palms, emitting a wet smack. She grabbed the package from the UPS man, thanked him again, and walked around him and up the front porch and into her home. All the while he turned and watched her every move, and saw her nicely curved butt (covered by Spiderman on the rear of her underwear) dancing side to side, as though saying goodbye to him. Inside her home, Natalie answered a phone call. \"Hello?\" Natalie lifted the docked phone at her bedroom stool, as she threw the heavy package onto her large bed, \"Hey!\" she grinned from hearing Bosley's voice from the other line, \"Sure I'll be right in.\" She hung up. Opening her dresser, Natalie randomly pulled one out a fresh pair of Spiderman briefs to get ready to take a shower and soon go to work. ","Summary":" Outside Chores \"Good morning sun!\" Natalie exclaimed happily, pulling wide the curtains from her "},{"Movie":"Charlie's Angels: The Movie","Title":"Rose Rouge","Author":"Etoile De Lune1811","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12847944","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Flashback Los Angeles était entouré de nuage gris et la pluie ne fesait que tomber. Les rues et ruelles était desserte. Sauf une. Dans l'une des ruelles a l'arrière d'un restaurants, il y avait un carton. Et à l'interieur, deux jeunes filles. La plus grande aux cheveux brun, avait les bras entouré autour de sa soeur aux cheveux roux. Elles ne devait avoir 8 et 6 ans a leurs tailles. - T'inquiète pas Helen, je vais te protégé. La plus jeune se serra près de sa soeur. Seules dans une ruelle, qu'allais telle devenir ? Soudain, des pas se fit entendre. Les soeurs se regardèrent. Le clapoti des chaussures sur l'eau se rapprocha. - Je vais jeter un coup d'oeil, ne bouge pas. La petite frimousse hocha la tête. La brune sortie du carton. Pendant un très long moment, la petite fille ne fit rien. Puis ne voyant pas sa soeur revenir elle tenta de l'apeller. - Sofia ?... Sofia ? Après plusieurs appel, Helen sortie du carton. La pluie était partie. Elle se retrouva toute seule dans une ruelle sombre. Elle commenca a marcher pour tenter de voir si sa soeur ne c'était pas perdu. Aucune trace. Elle sortie de la ruelle et ne vit personne. Elle était seule... Aujourd'hui Dylan Sanders se reveilla dans son lit, grognant. Son téléphone sonnait. Elle se redressa et essaya de trouver son mobile. Quand elle le trouva, elle roula et tomba par terre. - Allo ?... Mmmmm... Ok. Je suis la dans 25 min. Elle se leva, pris une douche, mit ses boucles d'oreilles en forme de rose, qu'elle n'oublier jamais, et sortie. Une fois arriver à l'agence elle s'installa près de ses amies Alex et Natali. - Hey Dylan, saluèrent les 2 Anges. - Hello Dylan, salua Bolsey. - Hey ! Nouveau cas ? Elles hochèrent la tête. C'est a se moments ou Charlie appella, toujours à l'heure. Bolsey décrocha. - Bonjour les Anges. - Bonjour Charlie, dit-t'elle à l'unisson. - Nouveau cas mes Anges ! Jessica Millie, une image d'une femme blonde au cheveux court apparu à l'ecran. Disparu. Sa soeur Leila Millie nous charge de la retrouver. - Les deux soeurs ont inventer un logiciel très important et confidentielle. Les kignappeurs ont voler le logiciel, poursuivie Bolsey. - Qui avait le plus a y gagner avec la disparition de Jessica ? Demanda Alex. - Moi. Une femme brune apparu derrière eux. Dylan supossa que c'était Leila. - Les Anges je vous presente Leila Milie, présenta Charlie. Dylan, Alex et Natali lui posèrent quelques questions sur Jessica. A la fin des questions, les Anges avait un suspect et une maison a fouiller. Avant de partir, Leila se leva. - S'il vous plait, trouver ma soeur. C'est ma seule raison de vivre. - Je vous le promet, répondu Dylan. La jeune rousse eu mal au coeur. Elle savait a qu'elle point une soeur était precieux. Dylan n'en n'avait jamais parler a personne mais elle aussi avait eu une soeur qui avait disparu. Malheureusement, personne ne l'avait retrouvé. Elle tenta d'oublie son histoire pour l'instant et se concentra sur l'affaire. Malheureusement elle n'y arriva qu'a moitier. Elle était à present dans la maison de Jessica. Tout semblais normal. Rangé, propre et brillant. Les filles se repartir le travaille. Dylan la chambre, Alex la cuisine et Natali le salon. Dylan monta dans la chambre. Elle ni trouva rien en particuliers. Juste plein de photo des 2 soeur. Elle pris une photo ou elles étaient plus petites. Flash Back Helen poursuivais sa soeur Sofia dans le jardin. La plus grande courrais plus vite fessait expres de courir lentement pour attendre sa soeur. Une fois rattraper, elle fis semblant d'être attaquer par quelques chose de dangereux. Les 2 soeurs rigolèrent toute la journée à courir et jouaient dans le jardin. - Dylan ? La voix de Natali tira Dylan de ses pensées. - Ca va ? Demanda Alex. Dylan hocha la tête et reposa la photo. - Vous avez trouvez quelques choses ? Les deux femmes firent non de la tête. Ensemble elle fouillèrent le jardin sans resultats. Une fois finie, elle decidèrent de retourner à l'agence pour se concentré sur le suspect qu'avez evoqué Leila. A peine sortie, la maison explosa, envoyant valsés les anges. Natali attérie dans un buisson qui amortie sa chute, Alex sur la pelouse et Dylan sur la petite routte. Alex et Natali se redressèrent en gemissant. Elles ne mirent pas longtemps avant de voir que Dylan ne se relevais pas. - Dylan ! Dylan ! Les deux Anges courèrent vers leur amie. La jolie rousse avait du sang qui coulais de son nez. Les deux Anges, paniquées, essayèrent de la bouger sur la banquette de la voiture. Dylan, elle, était dans le brouillart, elle avait mal à la tête, et entendais comme des voix apellant son nom. FlashBack Helen était tombé de l'arbre. Sa soeur et sa mère, une jolie rousse, étaient près d'elle apellant son nom, pour la reveiller. - Helen ? S'il te plait réveille toi, supplia Sofia. Helen ! Dylan parler dans son sommeil pendant que ses amies la conduisait vers l'Agence. Charlie, en la construisant, avait installer des chambres d'urgence et quelques infirmières pour les soins n'obligant pas a aller a l'hopital. La bouche de Dylan s'ouvrit légèrement. - Sofia... Sofia... - Dylan, ca va aller on te conduis a l'Angence, rassura Natali, qui c'était glissé vers la banquette arrière, laissant Alex au volant. Le sang coulais toujours du nez de Dylan et elle semblais de plus en plus perdue. Ses yeux voyait flou et elle avait mal partout. Ses jambes, ses bras, tout lui fessait mal. Elle voulu tournais la tête vers la forme blonde devant elle mais gémit à la douleur. - Ne bouge pas Dylan, on est bientôt arrivait. Elle gémit en guise de réponse. Une fois devant, Alex et Natali apellèrent Bolsey qui porta le corps meurtrie de Dylan jusqu'a l'endroit indiquer pour la soigné. Toute l'après midi, Alex et Natali tournèrent en rond dans le salon de l'agence. Voulans passer du temps avec Dylan, les Anges demandèrent si le cas ne pouvais etre attribuer a quelqu'un d'autre ce que fit Charlie. Quelques heures plus tard, ils laissèrent Bolsey, Alex et Natali entrez dans la chambre de Dylan. La jolie rousse était réveiller. En les voyans elle sourit. Alex et Natali se precipitèrent sur elle. - Dylan, ca va ? - Je me sens drôlement mieux, dit t'elle avait un sourire. J'ai encore un peu mal a certain endroit, mais ca va aller. Alex se posa à cotes de Dylan qui glissa son bras droit sur elle, et Nat fit pareil du cotes gauche. - Ne nous fait plus jamais ca, dit Natali. - Eh y a pas de place pour moi ? lança Bolsey en feignant d'être choqué. Les 3 anges se mirent a rire au bêtises de celui ci. ","Summary":" Flashback Los Angeles était entouré de nuage gris et la pluie ne fesait que tomber. Les rues et rue"},{"Movie":"Charlie's Angels: The Movie","Title":"Petite Fille","Author":"Etoile De Lune1811","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12873421","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hey ! Ma premiere histoire ! Et elle porte sur Charlie Angel le film. Enfin les films. Plus centrer sur le deuxieme precisement. J'adore le personnage de Dylan. Du coup voila ! Dans une des chambres de l'hopital de Los Angeles, se trouvais une patiente haletante. Un docteur était poster devant ses jambes entre ouverte en l'encourageant. La jeune fille était epuisée et ses cheveux blond bouclé était collé a son front luisant de sueur. Au bout de quelques minutes supplémentaire, le cri d'un bébé se fit entendre dans la chambre. La jeune ado laissa tomber sa tête sur l'oreiller a bout de force. Le médecin lui montra alors l'enfant quelle venait de mettre au monde. Les infirmières entrerent dans la chambre, nettoyèrent la petite chose et la redonna a sa mère. La belle blonde regarda le nourrisson, les yeux perdu dans les larmes. Assise seule dans cet hopital, à 16 ans, elle était effrayé. Elle ne pouvais pas l'élever. Elle n'en n'avait pas les moyens. Et ouis tous ce qu'elle avait fait dans la vie c'était cassé la gueule. Elle ne voulais pas faire la même erreur. Ca lui briser le coeur mais son enfant devrais grandir sans elle a ses cotes. Les larmes tombèrent de ses joues et elle embrassa la tête du nouveau née. - Je suis désolée, ma puce. Mais tu vivra mieux sans une personne comme moi dans ta vie. Sa voix craqua. Elle admira la première et dernière fois les yeux de sa petite fille. Fin du FlashBack Dylan était assise sur son canapé a regarder des photos. Elle avait glisser dans l'agence un mot d'excuse et les souvenirs et babioles qu'elle leurs avait emprunter. Elle ne voulais pas mettre ses amies en danger par sa faute. Seamus pouvez bien la tué, quelle importance. Mais il ne devais surtout pas touché a ses amies. C'était la seule chose qui lui rester dans la vie à présent. Elle prit la photo de sa mère dans les mains. Sa mère était une femme très belle comme Dylan. Elle avait de jolie cheveux roux avec des reflets dorée, des magnifique yeux vert ainsi qu'un tatouage au cou. Une rose. C'était ses fleurs préférées. Elle la sera contre elle. - Toi, Maman, que ferais tu a ma place ? demanda t'elle. Elle la posa et essuya les larmes qui perlé sur ses joues. Soudain une autre photo plus petite tomba de l'album qu'elle avait sortie. C'était celle d'un nouveau née aux yeux vert. Elle caressa la photo avec son doigt. Elle posa sa tête sur l'oreiller prêt d'elle et s'endormie. 24h plus tard Après l'effort, le reconfort ! Après la projection de l'avant première de Jason, les 3 Anges allèrent au bar en riants. Elle allez arroser leurs victoire et le film de Jason. Malgré le fait que Seamus soit mort, Dylan ressentais toujours quelques choses. Depuis longtemps elle avait gardé un secret. Un secret encore plus lourd que Seamus. Elle voulais être honnête avec ses meilleurs amies, mais elle ne savait pas pourquoi, ca ne sortais pas. Puis si elle leurs disait, c'était sur et certain qu'elles allait detterer le passé. Dylan voulais evitez ca. Arriver au bars, les 3 ange commandèrent à boire et s'installèrent sur une table. - Le film était génial ! s'exclama Alex. - Oui j'ai beaucoup aimé ! J'ai hate de voir la suite ! Dylan... Dylan ? Dylan sursauta légerement a son nom, trop occupé dans ses propres pensées. - Hein ? - Tu as aimer le film ? - Le film... Euh oui oui j'ai adorée, Dylan sourit presque de force.Je suis un peu fatiguée je crois que je vais rentré. - Tu veux qu'on te dépose ?demanda Nathali. Dylan fit non de la tête, leurs fit un câlins et parties. Elle s'installa dans la voiture et rentra chez elle. Elle se dêpecha de rentrer dans l'appartement, se changea et s'effondra sur le lit. Elle gémit a ses cotes douloureuse. Elle se roula sous la couette et pleura. Toute la journée elle avait retenu ses larmes, mais maintenant c'était trop. Quelques minutes plus tard, la jeune femme rousse s'endormie. Dylan se réveilla dans une salle blanche. Peigné de lumière, au debut, elle eu mal aux yeux. Puis quelques minutes plus tard, ses yeux s'adaptèrent. Où était t'elle ? Rêver t'elle ? Devant elle, elle vit une jeune fille aux cheveux brun avec des reflets roux. La petite était assise par terre, jouant avec des poupées usés. Elle porter des vêtements déchirer, et une tache de sang sur la joues. Ce n'était pas le sien, il n'y avait aucun signe de blessures. L'enfant leva les yeux vers Dylan. - Maman, pourquoi ne m'aime tu pas ? Pourquoi tu es partie ? Se fut comme un coup de poignard dans le ventre. Elle s'assit près d'elle et la pris dans les bras. Pourquoi avait t'elle fait ca ? Son père l'avait abandonner et elle avait fait pareil. Je suis désolée... Dylan se reveilla dans son lit, les bras entouré autour d'un coussin. Elle regarda l'horloge. 5h36. Elle se redressa et bascula ses jambes sur son lit. Son rêve... Si c'était un rêve. Elle avait caché son plus grand secret a ses amies. A 16 ans, elle était tombé enceinte, de Seamus, et avait donné naissance a une fille. Une jolie perle. Mais a 16 ans, elle ne pouvais pas la garder. Elle avait abandonné son bébé. Sa petite fille. Mais l'histoire de Seamus avait tout remonter. La peur, l'angoisse et la tristesse. Dylan pris alors son téléphone et apella l'un de ses amies. - Heliot ? C'est Dylan. - Dylan ! Ca fait un bail. - Oui un bail. Euh... tu pourrais retrouver quelqu'un pour moi ? - Bien sur. Donne moi juste le nom et les details que tu sais. Nathali et Alex était à l'agence, elle attendais Dylan. Ca fesait 20 minutes déja. Elle était presque tout le temps en retard. Mais les 2 anges étaient inquiète. Elles avaient très bien remarquer son attitude après le film. - Tu crois qu'on devrais allez chez elle ? demanda Alex. Natalie hocha la tête. Les deux Anges prirent la voiture d'Alex et se mirent en route. ","Summary":" Hey ! Ma premiere histoire ! Et elle porte sur Charlie Angel le film. Enfin les films. Plus centrer"},{"Movie":"Charlie's Angels: The Movie","Title":"Appearances Can Be Deceiving","Author":"Gage39","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7268857","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Appearances Can Be Deceiving \" There must be something in you that's still good.\" \" I was never good; I was great.\" There was a time, a time so long ago that she could barely remember it when she hadn't been evil. A time when she had cared about people, when she wasn't so filled with hate and revenge that she had been happy. Madison Lee hadn't been happy in years. To be fair it wasn't totally Charlie's fault; the hate had started years before when her little sister and the joy of her life had been killed in a drive-by shooting by Raymond Henderson; a hitman for the DeSoto mob. She had vowed that day to pay the DeSotos back and then, to her utter astonishment, the Angels had been ordered to take down the DeSotos. She always viewed that day as a gift from heaven. She went rogue; she had too. She had to avenge her sister and she did. Granted she almost died as did her teammates but revenge was hers. After that she had been viewed with suspicion; she was no longer trusted. Overwhelmed with hurt and anger she handed in her wings and walked out the front door, never to return. She wasn't missed. \" I have something you'll never have.\" \" Oh yeah, what's that?\" \" Friends.\" Charlie had her replaced the very next day and she watched from the shadows as her teammates, her friends , quickly forgot about her and moved on. But something unexpected happened. They went up against someone who was even better trained than the Angels and her teammates died, but her replacement survived without so much as a scratch. Madison read about it in the papers, no one having had the decency to at least tell her. Furious, she unpacked her guns and put on a sexy outfit then hunted down the ones responsible for killing her former friends. Afterwards she paid a little visit to her replacement who didn't survive this encounter. Madison might not be a good Angel and she might have been forgotten but she herself had not forgotten them. No matter what she told herself that had been the happiest time of her life, when she had been an Angel. \" There must be something in you that's still good.\" \" I was never good; I was great.\" Charlie knew it was her; there was no way he couldn't. He had to have at least guessed it was her who had killed her replacement and her friends' murderers. However, he said nothing. Instead he merely let it pass on by; choosing to mourn in private for the Angel he once knew who had now become a Devil. \" I have something you'll never have.\" \" Oh yeah, what's that?\" \" Friends.\" Madison spent the next several years building up a career for herself while, secretly, making quite a name for herself in the criminal underground. How Charlie never found out was something that would always remain a mystery to her. It didn't matter though; she no longer cared what Charlie thought. She wasn't an Angel who took orders from a speakerbox but a woman who listened to one person and one person only; herself. When she heard about the Halo rings she couldn't resist; it was the perfect way to pay Charlie back for the deaths of her friends and for kicking her out of the Angels. So, along with Ray Carter, the two of them sat up the perfect plan for stealing the rings. It would have worked too had it not been for the crisis of conscience she had late one night. She had been spying on the new Angels; trying to find their weak spots only to discover that each other was their weak spots. She had wanted to laugh; it was so typical of the Angels to bond and do things outside of work. She remembered weekends at the beach, window shopping and trips to the spa when suddenly it hit her. The trio roller-skating in the park, laughing and having a good time had once been her and her teammates. That had been when she realized that she couldn't do it; she couldn't kill the Angels nor could she condemn thousands of innocent people to die. \" There must be something in you that's still good.\" \" I was never good; I was great.\" That was when she had come up with the perfect plan to get back at Charlie; she would pretend to be the bad guy while really being the good guy. She knew the Angels would retrieve Ray Carter but by the time they had reached him the ring was already gone. Phase One in progress. Next was the other ring, she shed no tears for neither the possessor of it or for the federal witness that had died; their deaths were necessary sacrifices. Knowing that the surfer she had hired would more than likely be stupid enough to leave clues behind that led right to him, she made sure she was at the beach that day when the Angels arrived. Phase Two in progress. She hadn't been the least bit surprised when they saved the kid's life at the bike races although she had loved the identical looks of shock on their faces when they learned their fellow Angel's secret; that had been a surprise to her too. She had, however, been surprised when the redhead had fled to Mexico; she hadn't been expecting that. The missing Angel showing up at the first showdown between her and the other Angels had been heartwarming. She hadn't been lying when she told them that she felt nostalgic for memories had been running rampant through her mind for days. She knew they wore Kevlar and suspected that they would survive the fall from the rooftop; they wouldn't have been Angels otherwise. Blowing up their care had been a nice touch, she had to admit. Secretly she had been relieved when she arrived on the rooftop only to find that the Angels had left her a gold telescope to look through. All that had remained was the final showdown. She had given it her best and had been pleased to see that the Angels gave as good as they got. Nice to see some things didn't change. She probably would have survived the fall that she took at the end but, being Madison, decided that she wanted to go out in a blaze of glory. Add a gold bullet to a ton of oil and what do you get? One dead Angel. \" I have something that you'll never have.\" \" Oh yeah, what's that?\" \" Friends.\" Charlie sighed heavily and looked regretfully at the open photo album sitting on the table in front of him. His fingers ran lightly over a picture; a picture of three beautiful girls, Madison in the middle. He closed his eyes and allowed their last conversation to run through his mind again. \" There must be something in you that's still good.\" \" I was never good; I was great.\" His eyes opened and he closed the photo album with a snap before looking out the window at the darkening sky. Storms had always reminded him of the Angels; beautiful yet deadly. He had thought, once, that Madison didn't get the Angel spirit. Had thought that she didn't know what it meant to be a team player. Then her former teammates had died and within a week afterwards the people responsible for their deaths were six feet under. He had almost turned her in but had decided not to. Madison might not have been a team player like the others but when it came down to it she had been there, like an avenging angel. He hadn't been too surprised when the Angels told him what she had done; how she had taken her own life. He would have expected nothing less. He rose to his feet and left the room, his heart heavy as he mourned the death of yet another Angel. \" I have something that you'll never have.\" \" Oh yeah, what's that?\" \" Friends.\" A/N: I recently re-watched Charlie's Angels: Full Throttle and I hated how they made Madison out to be the villain. Personally, I don't think she was all bad; a little but not too much. Please let me know what you think of this. To those of you who are wondering when I will post Smugglers 3: the first chapter will be uploaded sometime this afternoon. ","Summary":" Appearances Can Be Deceiving \" There must be something in you that's still good.\" \" I was never "},{"Movie":"Charlie's Angels: The Movie","Title":"Even Angels Fall Sometimes","Author":"Sin Like U Mean It","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5714981","Passage":"[Chapter 1] She stretched out, a big yawn fallowing as her arms reached above her head. She slowly opened her eyes and moved her head to the left. Smiling softly as she noticed the pile of blond hair sprawled out on the pillow next to her. She turned to lay on her side, propping her head up by her elbow. She reached out with her right hand, gently running her fingers through the blond mane as she quietly watched her companion sleep. \"Mmm Dylan?\" She heard quietly and her smile grew slightly. \"The one and only\"She whispered scooting a little closer as the other girl turned over onto her back. She rubbed the sleep from her eyes gently before looking up at Dylan and smiling sweetly. \"Quiet an interesting night wouldn't you say?\" Her bright blue eyes shown as she looked in the darker brown ones. \"Id say so.\"She whispered as she leaned in and kissed the other girl lightly on the cheek. She pulled back a little only to see pouting lips. \"Whats wrong?\" She asked raising an eyebrow slightly, rolling to lay on her stomach. She smiled as the other girl puckered her lips slightly as she tried to hold back her own smile. Dylan gladly obliged with her lovers silent request, moving her arm to lay over stomach as she moved in closer brushing her lips lightly along the other girls. She heard a quiet whimper and smirked a little. \"Don't tease please.\" fingers reached out to run along the back of Dylan's neck, causing her to shiver lightly. \"You know you like it\" She licked the set of awaiting lips before she slowly moved in and placed hers against them in a sweet passionate kiss. Dylan's fingers slowly ran down the soft skin of her lovers stomach, slowly getting closer to their destination. \"Ring ring ring....\"they both groaned as their phones rang. They moved to answer. \"Alright be right in.\"They said simultaneously and hung up their phones. Dylan ran her fingers through her hair before placing her head in the crook of the other angel's neck. Groaning again, earning a giggle from her lover. \"Come on Dil, duty calls.\"She kissed her forehead before she moved off the bed, Dylan running her lip through her teeth slowly. Natalie smiled as she looked over her shoulder at Dylan before throwing a change of cloths at her. \"Get dressed and put your eyeballs back in your head.\" She walked toward the bathroom to get ready. Dylan smiled brightly as she lay back on her back looking to the ceiling. \"I think I know why I always fell for the bad guys.\"She whispered to herself before she closed her eyes and thanked god for HER angel. Just a little something I came up with while watching CAFT. I love all three girls but I always thought Nat and Dylan would be cute together. Tell me what you think ;) ~Sin Like U Mean It ","Summary":" She stretched out, a big yawn fallowing as her arms reached above her head. She slowly opened her e"},{"Movie":"Charlie's Angels: The Movie","Title":"deeper than any grave","Author":"altschmerz","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12116457","Passage":"[Chapter 1] For my H/C Bingo square 'loss of home/shelter' LIBRA: Your love will always be rooted deeper than any grave. - musterni, Shitty Horoscopes Anthology, book xii: obituaries Everyone is still alive, which has got to be some kind of miracle. The first couple hours after the dust settles is spent celebrating this, fruity alcohol on a beach with the sun shining down on them like some kind of congratulations from the universe, you've earned this . Coconuts on sun chairs turns into chasing each other around in the waves, and it's only after they are left standing in the sand, ocean water dripping from hair and the sun setting behind them, that Alex feels the day catch up to her. It's as if every injured part of her body decides to make itself known at once, strained muscles in her leg crying out for attention, her wrist and jaw send out simultaneous pulses of pain that almost send her staggering. Looking around, Alex notices that her companions are in similar states. There's a bit of blood dripping down Natalie's back from a cut that's reopened on her shoulder and some bruising beginning to color in over her ribs, Dylan is limping, and they both look as tired as Alex herself feels. After the several minutes it takes to convince Bosley that they'll be alright, Alex eases herself into the backseat, content to let Dylan, as the least injured of the three of them, drive. Natalie leans over the seat and smiles back at her. \"I don't know about the two of you,\" she says, looking from Alex to Dylan, \"but I am absolutely beat. Ready to head home?\" At the question, Alex groans, dropping her head to the headrest behind her. \"Shit. Shit.\" \"What?\" asks Dylan, eyes flicking to the rearview mirror for a second. \"Is everything okay?\" She sounds more panicked than she usually does quicker than she usually gets, and Alex files that information away for later. Natalie notices too, if the frown that flickers quickly across her face is anything to go by. \"Jason's trailer,\" Alex says, feeling a headache beginning to build behind her temples. \"It got all shot to hell when Knox's guys tried to kill us, He texted me while we were on the beach, he's staying with a friend. I was so looking forward to going home and taking a shower and sleeping for the next eight years, and now I gotta figure out what to do.\" \"Oh well that's easy.\" The note of duh in Natalie's voice isn't anything approaching subtle. \"You're coming with me, obviously.\" She turns and points a finger at Dylan. \"You too, okay? We can make a night of it. Watch a movie, make some popcorn. It'll be fun!\" Alex nods, some of the tension bleeding out of her shoulders. A night in with her two favorite people, who were both still in one piece, well, there are worse things she can think of. Natalie claims the first shower then disappears into the kitchen. Alex would just as soon have ordered takeout, but Natalie waves the suggestion off, arguing that cooking calms her nerves. Alex's hair is still damp when she enters the kitchen herself, first aid kit in hand. The cut on the back of Natalie's shoulder is visible from where Alex stands in the doorway, the blonde's black tank-top strap not covering it up. The kitchen smells like grilled cheese and the strong mint scent of the Icy Hot Alex has liberally applied to her own injuries. As she watches, Natalie shifts, the cut re-opening, a small trail of blood tracking down into the fabric of the shirt, and Alex sighs. She sets the first aid kit down on the table and clears her throat. \"You should let me fix your shoulder,\" she says when Natalie turns around. \"Fine,\" Natalie agrees, turning back to her cooking project, \"but do it over here, I don't want to burn the sandwiches.\" Shaking her head fondly, Alex opens up the first aid kit and rifles through it. Butterfly closures should do the job, though she would have liked to corral the other two into an emergency room. The distant echo of the shower door swinging shut several rooms away as she smooths the first of the butterfly bandages onto the back of Natalie's shoulder reminds Alex of exactly why that didn't happen. Her hands still for a second, long enough for Natalie to pick up on it. \"What's up?\" she asks, still stirring the tomato soup in the pan on the stove. \"Worried about our girl,\" Alex answers, knowing better than to lie to her. The fourth and final butterfly closure goes on easily, and she stands back to admire her handiwork. \"She's taking this whole Knox was the bad guy all along thing pretty hard.\" \"She'll be fine. A good sleepover can fix anything.\" The optimism in Natalie's voice is enough to make Alex open her mouth to speak again, hesitation rising in her, when Natalie switches the burners off and turns to look at her. \"Hey. She'll be fine. We've got her back, Alex. It's always hardest on her when a mission goes bad, but we've always been able to pull her through. I know this was personal, but I don't see why we can't pull her through this time.\" Nodding, Alex studies Natalie, grateful for her faith in their ability to keep Dylan from spiraling too far into the darkness seeping in at the edges. They've always balanced each other out, Natalie and Dylan have, sunshine and shadow in equal measure, with Alex in the middle, tilting one way or the other depending on how the wind blows. This time she can't help but lean Dylan's way, unsure how well they'll pull out the other side of this with how close they came to losing something unthinkable, but the determination in Natalie's eyes does a lot to convince Alex she might be wrong. For once in her life, Alex thinks she would welcome being wrong. Dylan comes in a few moments later, scrubbing a towel across her hair and still favoring her left leg. The three of them eat in near-silence, finding themselves to be ravenous after forgoing meals for hunting down Knox and his crew. The washing up is unanimously decided to be a task left for tomorrow, Alex, Dylan, and Natalie all piling onto Natalie's bed to watch a rerun of some Lifetime movie playing on television. With the curtains drawn and the lights out, the glow from the TV screen casting sickly halogen shadows across the bedspread, Natalie's room feels like some kind of bubble, shielded from the rest of the world, at least for now. Alex knows this isn't really the case, that the world is still there regardless of an illusion provided by nighttime and what Dylan once referred to as 'post mission hangover', but it's nice to pretend. She lays on Natalie's left, fluffy comforter pulled up high to her shoulders, and a shock of red is just barely visible past Natalie's face, Dylan's hair splayed out on a pillow. Natalie falls asleep quickly, within the first twenty minutes of the movie. Alex notices this and snorts softly, meeting Dylan's eyes over Natalie's slack face. They exchange knowing smiles, both flashing back to different times over the years that Natalie has fallen easily asleep in the most unlikely of circumstances. A few moments pass, Natalie's easy, steady breathing a background to whatever drama is playing out on the screen, and then Alex is pulled back to their conversation in the kitchen, her own admission of concern for the other member of their trio. \"How're you holding up?\" she asks on uncurbable instinct, words floating through the still air easily despite their low volume. Alex watches Dylan's face, the odd expression that slides over it. She's sitting up partially, chin propped on her hand, looking at Dylan over the top of Natalie's sleeping form and trying to place the look on her face. From the appearance of it, Alex would almost call it some kind of peace. \"I'm doing okay,\" Dylan says after a few long seconds of contemplation. Meeting Alex's eyes, she smiles. \"I mean it. I really am okay.\" It doesn't seem like bravado, like something you tell yourself in the hopes of making it true by the power of willful thinking. It seems open, honest, and a little surprised, as if Dylan herself can hardly believe it. Alex can remember seeing the same look on her face earlier at the beach, when she'd turned around from seeing something the other two couldn't make out when they'd looked. Something about it makes Alex believe her. \"Okay,\" Alex whispers, sinking back down into the ungodly soft mattress of the bed. It's impulse that has her turning on her side, reaching out over Natalie to grasp Dylan's hand. Dylan turns her palm up, lacing their fingers together and squeezing tightly. With a deep sigh, Alex closes her eyes, resting her forehead against the crest of Natalie's shoulder. After the kind of day she's had, the kind of close calls they've all barely made it out of, it's a privilege Alex doesn't take lightly. The ability to just reach out and touch them. Everyone is still alive, which has got to be some kind of blessing. ","Summary":" For my H/C Bingo square 'loss of home/shelter' LIBRA: Your love will always be rooted deeper than a"},{"Movie":"Charlie's Angels: The Movie","Title":"Finding Dylan","Author":"RosalieFanpire","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5878702","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Charlie's Angels long time, no see. I psyched myself for what I was about to do as I gazed out over Los Angeles from my foster parents flat. The city looked mysterious in the dark of the night, and almost unnerving. But I had to go, I had to leave my foster parents behind to go find my sister. It not like I was leaving much behind anyway. The closest my foster family got to loving me was was giving me the left overs. The only thing that kept me going here was by job. I worked for Mr Careli any time I could, he owns a small grocery store in town. With the money I earned from that, I would by myself dinner and any spare money I'd save up. Now, I was about to spend my saving to try and reach my sister, Dylan. For all I knew, she might might not even be in L.A, but last time we spoke she was. About 4 years ago, my birth parents were reported to be doing drugs. Once the police had them locked up, social services got involved and we ended up in a foster home. I remember being so afraid when they took us there, I held onto my sister the whole way, knowing there's a chance they'd separate us. And they did. About 2 months later, a family came through looking to adopt Dylan, but not me. At first Dylan refused to leave me behind, but I made her go, pinky promising that one day I'd find her again. After some kicking, screaming, crying and forcing, I was left by myself in the dingy foster home. I was only 12, so the bigger kids did try and take advantage of me, and at first I let them but it wasn't long before I toughened up and gave a few kids black eyes. After that, hardly anyone hassled me, and away a few months a family came through for me. Though I wasn't so lucky, my foster family were a pair of old fashioned, middle aged hobos! It surprised me that these doosh bags even owned a home, by their dirty, shabby clothing and lack of manors or emotions. But what the hell, I went with it and it wasn't long until I learned to fend for myself in my new home and at school. I wasn't allowed to contact Dylan after that, the foster home refused to give away any addresses or numbers because they claimed it wasn't safe due to our family's crime backgrounds. So now, I'm 16 years old and living a shitty life in down town Los Angeles. I've managed to save $546, but whether it will be enough, I'm unsure. I have no where I'm heading or where to look. My only tools are google maps and general knowledge. Oh and some kind of card which I found in some of Dylan's stuff she left for me... Charlie Townsend 0800-375-4762 I put the card in the back pocket of my jeans, grabbed my backpack and slowly and quietly slid open my room window. I was suddenly filed with adrenalin as I flipped the hood of my hoodie up and swung my legs over the side of the window. Luckily, we were only a floor up, so the jump wasn't too high. I looked once more at my bedroom, then at the scribbled parer on my pillow . Although they'd not exactly been nice people, I though I owed my foster parents some kind of note. After-all, they had put a roof over my head for 4 years. . Fred and Vicky, Thanks for everything. Tyler.. With a grin, I leaped from my window and landed softly on the grass below. The night sky surrounded me now, as I made my down the dark streets toward the nearest phone-box. As I got inside, I pulled out the card and dialled the numbers. It started to ring, and eventually a male voice answered. \"Hello?\" I froze for a second, had I half expected my sister to answer? I racked my brain for some kind of response. \"Uhh...\" was all I could find. What was I getting myself into? ","Summary":" Charlie's Angels long time, no see. I psyched myself for what I was about to do as I gazed out over"},{"Movie":"Charlie's Angels: The Movie","Title":"Fallen Angels","Author":"Yume01Dreamer","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7286057","Passage":"[Chapter 1] It was dark, wet and a wolf could be heard howling in the distance yet that didn't stop the figure charging forward who either was unaware of the sharp rocks beneath his feet or he simply didn't feel the pain as small droplets of blood were left on his path. Breathing heavily he finally made it to a large white house that was situated on the side of a cliff overlooking a grand beach with smooth golden sand however in the rain it didn't look so grand not that the male was site seeing anyway. He reached the house which was being rented out as a holiday home between six close friends three of each gender however it was the female's that he was after and it was to warn them that they were in trouble and like him would be targeted by people more trained than even the girl's, they needed to go into hiding before it was too late. That said as he reached the door a single shot was fired that ran through the air straight into his heart stopping him dead in front of the door that he had raised his hand to knock against yet instead his head was the part that bounced against it before his body fell to the door step breathing it's last breath. A figure from about half a mile away laughed when his target collapsed hitting the door as he did so and tapped his ear once to activate the spy wear that him and his crew carried on them at all times unlike the three so called special agents that would of been killed ages ago if the job had been given to his team. Although he couldn't argue now the girls and people in their lives that mattered meaning that they could have some fun with them first so much that the angels would be begging them to carry them to heaven. He pulled out a cigarette allowing the fumes to enter his lungs for a second until he was ready to speak. \"Mission accomplished\" he told the user on the other end of the phone which he could tell was grinning giving him the answer that he needed thus he hung up taking the rifle and walking away back across the wet grassland towards a jeep that was waiting for him \"We let them find their gift then the fun really starts\" While inside the house with the living room fire burning away sat the group of six who had finally sat down for the night. The small group consisted of Natalie who had her hair in a long ponytail for a change who was sporting a white top, small shorts and a chocolate coloured dressing gown wrapped around her body while her boyfriend Pete was still in his red checked shirt hoody and dark blue jeans. Alex had on a leather outfit one of her favorites with her famous high heeled booths on to join it yet had dramatically changed her hair style by placing it in tight braids. Jason on the other hand who was her partner had a similar outfit to his girlfriend consisting of a leather jacket jeans and a black detailed t shirt that she had bought him. Dylan was in her red and white biking outfit her hair a mess after going out with her motor cross boyfriend known as Tristan who was sporting a red and blue one, the two had met during one of the angels missions and although she usually went for the bag guys she had finally found someone who just as crazy and nice as she was. \"Woah did anyone hear that?\" asked Natalie putting down her bowl of ice cream that Pete was munching into beside her. \"Hear what?\" asked Alex coming up for air after locking lips with Jason yet again. \"Yeah Natalie what did Pete put in that ice cream anyway?\" asked Dylan with a grin placing her arm around Tristan who copied her actions around her waist. \"Nothing, i didn't put anything\" gasped the male with a panicked face much to the amusement of the group. Natalie however wasn't laughing at all she had heard something and was going to check it out so gently pulled her gown beside her before leaving towards the front door where she carefully grasped a plant pot in one hand while struggling to get the door open. When she finally heard the click of the lock she thew it open grabbing the vase even tighter yet what she actually saw she wasn't prepared for and instantly dropped the vase producing a scream from her lips as she backed away. The group all began to get up apart from Alex who laughed gently telling them that she was playing a trick on them knowing that she could handle herself if it hand been someone at the door as did Dylan. That was until she slowly walked back into the room blood now covering the gown causing all of them to frown at her when they saw how panicked she was. \"It was Bosley\" she exclaimed causing a strange look between the other two angels who knew that she wouldn't mention him in front of their partners who didn't know anything yet \"He's dead\" \"Oh god\" gasped Alex grasping her hands and kneeling back to the ground. \"No\" said Dylan shaking her head he had been like a dad to her unlike the trash that had left her it couldn't be true \"Where?\" \"At the door bullet went through his heart from his back\" explained the blonde wiping her eyes. \"Who's Bosley?\" wondered Tristan trying to comfort Dylan. \"A friend\" began Alex. \"A best friend\" added Natalie. \"A father\" finished Dylan smashing her fists together \"And whoever did this is going to pay\" The three girls regrouped at the door holding hands before nodding knowing that they needed to do their work first and grieve later after they had stopped his killer. Alex looked at the wound trying to locate the trajectory which she narrowed down to a hill half a mile away meaning that the shooter must of had training as even with a rifle they needed to know where his heart was plus how fast he was going in order to fire just one hit with enough confidence that it would kill him. Natalie on the other hand was looking at the bullet checking the ID number yet it had been scratching off suggesting that they didn't want to be traced or simply that the bullets were made for them. Dylan had worked out that the body hadn't been moved yet there had been brusing to both his chest and one of his legs making it look like some kind of assult or torture. \"How did he get out though we all know Bosley can't fight his attackers?\" sighed Alex running her hand through her hair that she was still getting used too. \"Maybe he tricked them\" said Dylan showing his feet \"He has no shoes yet it still fully clothed and i found this key which would of told us where he had come from if it hadn't been scratched too\" \"Great we are no closer to finding who did this\" \"Maybe we are\" Natalie mentioned quietly \"Look we know that they are trained enough to get rid of ID codes and to shoot froma long distance which means training\" \"So we look up all training programmes like the military, FBI, special ops\" added Alex seeing where she was going with this. \"Then we cross refrence them with the agency and Bosley to see if we get a match\" finished Dylan smiling gently like the other girls were \"We will get them Bos. I promise\" They walked indoors greeted by the confused faces of their partners who were each wondering what the hell was going on, they had a dead body at the door and their girlfriend's seemed to be about to analyse it, they looked used to seeing dead bodies and they weren't exactly sure if it was a good thing. The angels looked at one another and nodded it was time to tell them who they really were they saw no way else out and besides they were roped into the situation too if the person who shot Bosley had been watching the house then they would of seen all six of them. They needed to get away and fast before they found them in similar states which created a uniquely different problem for the angels that they had never experienced before. Now they needed to investigate the situation while protecting the one's they loved. \"Ok here it goes\" started Natalie \"We are private investigators\" \"A crime fighting trio\" Alex mentioned trying to help out. \"Backed by a millionaire\" Dylan told them \"That's Charlie\" ","Summary":" It was dark, wet and a wolf could be heard howling in the distance yet that didn't stop the figure "},{"Movie":"Charlie's Angels: The Movie","Title":"Lost angel","Author":"Darkangelsmind","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5059033","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Shamus is glaring at dylan who is still looking up from the floor in fear \" im going to teach you and your friends a little lesson in pain\" Back at the speed boat \"Alex Dylan's taking too long, we have to go back for her\" panic just starting to set in Natalie's voice \"i agree, we'll move fast and get the hell back to the agency, Charlie will know what to do. I hope\" With this the two girls exchanged glances with the intention to go back to the agency to find a way to save their lost angel. Back in the warehouse Dylan looks up, he eyes hazy from where she was out cold. She can hear the buzzing from the lights around her. As she goes to get up, she realises sha can't. She is unable to move her hand or feet. She is once again the one tied to a chair...alone. \"Hello Helen... it's about time you woke up, after all, you need to be awake for the fun to start\" he smiled evily at Dylan, he had a murderouse look in his eyes. The power behind that look would be her death. \"shamus you ass! Let me go!\" there was a slight tremor of despiration in her voice, after all she knew what her captor was capble of. She closed her eyes and looked at the floor. Was this really the end? Would she ever see Alex or Natalie again? Would she ever meet Charlie? The outcome didn't seem very promising. Well if i'm going down, i'll give him hell before he goes himself! She opened her eyes and looked shamus in the eyes. She had that look in her eye. The look that indicated that she had a plan to save herself. The look shamus knew all too well. *THWAK* a spray of blood emerged from Dylan's lip. \"Wakey wakey Helen, can't be drifting off and giving up on me now. I know you, you won't go down without a fight and i don't intend you too. Whatever plan you have, don't forget you're alone... they're never coming back. Ever.\" With that he started laughing. It was the laugh of a maniac hell bent on pain... ","Summary":" Shamus is glaring at dylan who is still looking up from the floor in fear \" im going to teach you "},{"Movie":"Charlie's Angels: The Movie","Title":"Beyond dreams","Author":"bananacosmicgirl","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7099860","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Title: Beyond dreams Author: Cosmic Email: bananacosmicgirl at hotmail . com Website: www . cosmicuniverse . net LiveJournal: bananacosmic . livejournal . com Words: 3 800 Rating: PG-13 Pairing: The Thin Man/Dylan Disclaimer: This story is based on characters and situations from the movies \"Charlie's angels\" and \"Charlie's angels 2: Full throttle\". No money is being made and no copyright or trademark infringement is intended. Summary: He wakes up in the hospital. Author's notes: I've wanted to write this since the first time I saw Full Throttle back in 2003. Finally I've done it. Haven't written fanfic in forever and a half, but I hope this doesn't have too rusty a feeling. Also, I have no idea if anyone reads Charlie's Angels (movies) fanfic. Then again, this was written purely for my own entertainment. Beyond dreams By cosmic With a gasp, he wakes from a nightmare. It's not the one that has plagued him since he was a child. In this nightmare, this replacement, there is no fire licking at his legs as he runs. He doesn't hear his mother's screams as she calls for him. He doesn't turn around to watch her and his father die in the explosion that rocks the world until he falls. In this nightmare, there is hair the color of fire and bright eyes – and red blood pouring from wounds as she falls to her death. Over the ledge, into black darkness, her eyes fixed on him, accusation in her eyes as though he's failed her. O'Grady stands on the roof, triumph in his eyes, cackling. The laughter echoes in his mind as he wakes. With a sharp intake of breath, he returns to consciousness. A beeping noise next to his ear takes the place of O'Grady's laughter. He frowns, forcing his eyes open to take in his surroundings. He cannot be unconscious; he knows the dangers of not constantly being aware. A single match in the wrong place, lit and falling to the ground when he's sleeping, or a sword, glinting in the starlight – it all ends the same way: with pain. The pain is with him now, even though he can tell that he's been drugged to keep the discomfort at bay. Or maybe simply to keep him calm. He knows he doesn't rest easily. The light is dim and he is glad, feeling a headache at the base of his skull. He looks around the room, taking in each detail, from the chair to his left and the blinds across the windows, not closed. Beyond the glass panel people in white pass, doctors and nurses, all looking important and very busy. To his right a heart monitor gives off the steady beeping noise. He notes it with a speck of interest, because a heart monitor must mean he has a heart. He wasn't sure; it's been so long since he felt anything. His mother's screams mingles with O'Grady's laughter and the angel's bright eyes and— No, not so long ago since he felt anything. He remembers her lips against his. She stared at him as he held her torn hair to his cheek, inhaling deeply to catalogue the smell for the rest of his life – and then she hesitantly did the same with his hair. He's never met anyone who's done anything like that; he's never met anyone who has so much as tried to understand him. Not since his mother. At the orphanage, they feared his obsession with hair and ever since he left, he's made sure to stay far away from human interactions. Yet he couldn't keep from kissing her on the rooftop, a force stronger than the need to hide himself away taking over. Her lips were warm against his, her entire being so filled with vitality. It was as though she breathed life into him. He tried to tell her, tried to use words, though it was decades since the last time he spoke. But then there was searing pain and disbelief as he stared down at his own sword, rammed through his chest – and then he'd been falling, falling, falling. The memories were shattered after that, the world a burning inferno of blood pouring from his body. He remembers O'Grady being skewered on the same sword that had impaled him. It was luck, in a way: the sword slowed O'Grady's fall enough that he wasn't crushed beneath O'Grady's weight. At least he knows O'Grady is dead; he had watched as O'Grady's eyes turned glassy and unseeing. The sign had crushed the last bit of life out of him. He couldn't remember more than glimmers after that: red and blue flashing lights that he had to assume had been ambulances and police. A woman telling him to be still. The weight of O'Grady gone. Breathing was difficult, staying conscious even more so. He raises a shaky hand to move his hospital gown aside. His body doesn't cooperate the way he wants it to, the way he's used to, the way he's taught it to. His fingers pull clumsily at the fabric of the gown. Beneath it, there is a large piece of gauze taped over the left side of his chest, which he doesn't see so much as feel as he runs light digits across it. It's hard to angle his head down, hard to move at all. His other arm is immovable and in the corner of his eye, he can see that it's in a cast. Broken, then. The door opens suddenly and there is a nurse. She says something he doesn't care about and leaves again, returning after a moment with a woman in a white coat. Doctor something, he reads, not bothering any further than that. \"You were lucky,\" the doctor tells him. \"Surviving a fall like that, and the sword – you must have a guardian angel.\" He doesn't have a guardian angel, doesn't believe in guardian angels – if they existed, they should have protected his parents. Red hair and a soft smile crosses his mind again, reminding him that there are other things than guardians. Dylan. Helen. Angel , he resolves to call her; the other names aren't enough to describe her. Not that Angel is either, but it's as close as he can get. He's never before had a reason to work on his vocabulary. The doctor has stopped speaking and is looking at him expectantly. He realizes she's asked him a question. He has no intention of answering; why would he? He hasn't spoken since he was a child. The doctor has ugly hair, tied back in a ponytail. He doesn't care about her, wants her gone. She tries to talk to him again and he thinks that he could kill her in a second if he was himself, but now he feels sleep wash over his senses, his eyelids heavy all of a sudden. His limbs feel as though they're made of lead. There is darkness at the edges of his vision now, tugging at him towards comfortable oblivion. He doesn't feel safe here, but then when did he last feel safe? The doctor's voice blurs in his mind into a buzz and he gives in to unconsciousness, whether he really wants to or not. He dreams of shades of red. Red blood. Red fire. Red hair, tousled in the wind. He wakes to the beating of his heart registered on the heart monitor. It's a little faster than he thinks it should be when he's resting, but the dreams have him unsettled. He hasn't dreamed so much in years. He's in a different room now. There is another bed, empty and perfectly made, next to his. It's brighter and it hurts his eyes. He feels weak and hates it. He's not supposed to be weak. He decided when his parents died that he would never again be weak, never again would he depend on anyone. Now his life depends on the hospital staff. There is an IV in his hand, a bag on a hanger next to his bed. He wonders how long he's been here, how long it was since he last ate. He doesn't even know how much time has passed since he was last awake. He stays awake longer this time, but when the nurse comes by and speaks, he still doesn't respond. She asks for his name, for an emergency contact, for his social security and he answers her with a blank stare. The time after that when he wakes up, they have brought in a translator who speaks four languages, maybe thinking that he's not American. That he doesn't know English. He stays silent. When he sleeps, he dreams of Angel, her red lips and red hair, her body warm in his embrace. He dreams of her smile, the smile that lights the world. Then the dreams turn into nightmares where she is the one impaled on the sword while he holds her in his arms. Or O'Grady sends her flying off the ledge. Or O'Grady strangles her before he has time to react. Each time, she looks at him with accusation in her eyes. When he's awake, he wonders if she's alive. Did she survive the fight? Even with O'Grady dead, there was the lady. The woman with the golden guns. She had the same style in her fighting as they did, was just as strong and fast, although never as beautiful as Angel. The days pass and the nurses force him out of bed, force him to start moving around. They lessen the pain medication and the wounds burn. He has more broken bones than he first realized. When he listens to them, they tell him that he will be needing months of physical therapy. He knows he can do it faster, that he heals better than most, but then he realizes that there is no need. He doesn't have anything waiting for him. He doesn't know if the one thing, the one person, that he really wants, is still alive at all. He wakes up one morning and he doesn't realize that he's awake at first. She's sitting in the chair next to his bed and he thinks it's an odd dream, because she has never been so calm in his dreams before. She's gazing at him intently, green eyes fixed upon him. He stares back. \"Hi,\" she says, as though it's as simple as that. She never speaks in his dreams, as mute there as he is. With a start he realizes that this is no dream and he hears the heart monitor start to beep faster as his heart races. \"No, no, don't.\" She stands up, placing a hand over his. \"Don't be— I'm not—\" She might be talking, but she can't find the words any more than he can. She's stunning, like in his memories and dreams. Truly, she's even more beautiful in real life; his imagination could never paint her a fair picture. Her hand is warm on his. \"I'm sorry I didn't come sooner,\" she says. \"I thought—I didn't know you—Charlie told me you were alive. I don't know how he knew, or how he knew that I wanted to—but I guess he knows everything.\" She's rambling and he only hears every other word. He wonders why she thinks she needs to ask for forgiveness. He failed her, not the other way around. But she's alive. \"I don't even know if you want me here.\" She smiles ruefully. Her lips are painted red. He wonders what she looks like without makeup. \"I—I brought you this. Since you don't talk. I thought maybe you could write.\" She pulls a small notebook and a pen out of her bag with her free hand, the hand that isn't on his, and places it on the blankets covering his abdomen. \"I shouldn't even be here. You're a bad guy.\" She smiles again. \"But Alex says I always fall for bad guys.\" She sits down again, letting go of his hand. He feels the loss of her touch as though someone stripped him of a body part and he marvels at how quickly she has made him go from hating the sensation other people close to him to craving it. Then again, he still hates others; he just wants her. She looks uncomfortable. She looks around the room, taking in the boring interior that he has stared at for days and weeks. She's dressed in all black, her t-shirt tight and her clunky heels high. For the first time since waking up in the hospital, he feels self-conscious, lying there in the unshapely hospital gown which shows too much skin. His hair is, no doubt, in disarray, although a nurse combs it once a day with a plastic comb. Angel's black attire contrasts against his pale white skin, a mockery of good and evil. She is pure, white, her soul unblemished even though she can render a man or six unconscious with her hands bound behind her back. He is darkness, evil tainting his soul, a paid killer although his job has never been about money, but about trying to feel. He almost gasps under the intensity of the feelings she brings forth, like no kill has ever done. No amount of adrenaline during fighting stands a chance against this onslaught. She stands, looking indecisive. \"I should go. I shouldn't have come. You don't want me here, obviously – I didn't mean to intrude. I just wanted to know that you were all right. Or that you will be, I guess.\" She trails off and with a final gaze at him, she turns to leave. He's not even aware of making the noise; it sounds strange to his own ears. Like an injured animal, a frightened child. All he knows is that he doesn't want her to go. She turns and stares at him. \"Do you—want me to stay?\" She sounds hesitant, as though she doesn't realize that anyone would be lucky to have her so much as look at them. He tries to form the word, tries to say it out loud. Yes . It isn't a hard word, a single syllable, but after years and years of silence, it is impossible. He gives a minute nod instead, that too more difficult than it should be. He hates admitting weakness, but it would be worse to have her walk out. \"Okay.\" She gives him a half smile and returns to her seat. He wants to touch her again, but can't figure out how to communicate that to her. He has no right to ask anything of her. He's tried to kill her – it was nothing personal, just a job, but he doubts she sees it that way. Then again, she's here now. \"I wanted to thank you,\" she says once the silence has stretched into minutes. Her words surprise him. \"You saved my life. Seamus would've killed me if it wasn't for you.\" He remembers the light in O'Grady's eyes flickering out as death claimed him. He thinks that he has never met anyone who deserved death more. \"I mean, you've tried to kill me too.\" She rolls her eyes with a contrite smile, continuing, \"But like I said, that's pretty much a necessity to get me interested.\" I always fall for bad guys. Interested. He wants to ask what those words mean, but he doesn't dare. He grabs the pen with awkward fingers, not knowing what he's going to write but knowing he has to tell her. Something. Anything to keep her here. What comes out is, I'm sorry . He holds it up, his hands shaking. She has followed each movement with interest and now she gazes at him with unreadable, beautiful eyes. Her hair hangs in red waves around her face and he longs to reach out to touch it. Stroke it. Smell it. He remembers his mother's hair, black like his own, remembers playing with it when he was just a little child. She let him braid it for her and he always loved the texture of it beneath his fingertips. \"You didn't do any permanent harm to anyone I care about,\" she says quietly. \"Fighting you was a challenge and—well, fun. And Alex told me that you helped her. Just like you helped me.\" He remembers fighting the Japanese girl in the castle. She's as good as Angel at fighting, all passion and black hair spread like a halo around her head. He almost died there in the castle as well, only just managing to throw himself off the side of the building before the explosion. Vivian Wood hadn't been so lucky as they'd jumped; the chain around their waists had snapped her back and she'd hung limply like a broken doll while he had been able climb down, worse for wear but still alive. He's survived more things than anyone ever should. She speaks again. \"I'm not the one you should apologize to; I'm sure there are lots of kids out there who are fatherless because of you.\" He's always pushed such thoughts out of his head. In the search to feel something, he has pressed aside that what he does has consequences for other people and not just for the ones he's killed. He has given money – a lot of it – to the orphanage where he grew up, perhaps in an unconscious effort to weigh up for the damage he has done. He looks down at his hands, hands that have done such damage. Now simply holding a pen hurts. Maybe it's payback. Self-pity has never helped. He pushes the depressing feelings aside resolutely. There has been more tragedy in his life than he cares to recall, but all that has taught him is that there is no use wallowing in it. It doesn't get him anywhere. He writes instead, Police? in shaky letters that a six-year-old would have done better. She reads the word, frowns as she deciphers it, and then shakes her head no. \"You helped us, this time. And I'm not doing the police's job for them. Not this time.\" He wants to tell her that he isn't good. That he is truly right up there with the worst of them; up there with O'Grady, although with class instead of looks. But he looks at her and he knows that she already knows all that. She knows what he's capable of, has fought him and survived, and she's still here. She kissed him willingly up on the rooftop, even though that was probably more because of the adrenaline coursing through her body, than because she felt the same connection that he did. Then again, she is here now, sitting at his bedside, his black-clad Angel. \"Listen, I—\" she starts suddenly, but trails off just as quickly, looking to the side with indecisiveness written across her features. She takes a deep breath and looks at him resolutely. \"I don't know what happened on the rooftop, but—that kiss. It was—\" She hesitates again and he finds himself holding his breath. It feels like waiting for absolution, though he's never believed in such a thing. Finally she exhales. \"—sensational.\" It's like the world opens up around him. Like he can suddenly see colors in a world that has always been monochromatic grey. He breathes again, lighter now than he can ever remember. She stands. Her fingertips brush the back of his hand and send electrical shocks through him. \"Don't pull my hair, okay?\" she asks. \"You can touch it all you want, but I'll be bald before you know it if you keep pulling it out. And it hurts.\" He gives a single nod, mouth dry. He's never felt this way before. Distantly, he hears the heart monitor racing beyond the rush of blood in his ears. She leans over him, allowing her hair to fall across his skin where it is naked and exposed by the hospital gown. It tickles him in that way that it always does, sending spikes of pleasure through him. He feels himself harden, all the self-control he has worked up for decades now gone. He hopes she doesn't notice, or if she does, that she takes it for what it is: pure want for her. Her lips meet his and she's so warm and deliciously sweet-tasting that he doesn't think he'll ever get enough. She smells of strawberries. She opens her mouth, running her tongue across his lower lip and taking it into her mouth, sucking gently. A moan escapes him and he thinks briefly that she brings sounds out of him like no one else. Maybe, with her, he'll talk again. Then the thoughts are gone as she prods his lips open, her tongue mapping the landscape of his lips and teeth and then, when the shock releases him, his tongue duels with hers in a dance not unlike what they've done when they've fought in the past, but slower now. Needy but content to continue on. Their breaths come in short bursts but neither break contact. He doesn't know what he's done to deserve this – in truth, he really doesn't deserve this – but he gladly takes what she has to give and tries to give back with equal fervor. She changes her weight and a groan of pain escapes him when she puts pressure on his barely mended ribs. She draws back and he mourns the loss of her warmth. \"I'm sorry, did I hurt you?\" She sounds worried. He wants to comfort her, wants to assure her that he's all right, he's fine, come back. She pushes aside the hospital gown instead to see the bruised ribs and bandage across his chest. He has barely looked at himself, hardly ever does, but he knows his skin is colorful, purple and blue and green, bruises in various stages of healing. Beneath them are scars from his life, knives and bullet wounds and marks of fighting. He knows it isn't pretty, but then he's never been a good-looking man. \"I still can't believe you survived,\" she says. \"I know we've both survived some pretty amazing stuff, but still—that fall. And the sword. And then I pretty much threw Seamus on top of you. And the sign.\" He doesn't know either. The doctors have spoken about guardian angels enough times. They've said things about the sword somehow managing to avoid his heart, aorta, and the major arteries, which saved his life for sure, but he hasn't listened much. No one knows how he survived the fall. All thoughts are banished from his mind when she climbs very carefully onto the bed. Taking care not to put any pressure on his ribs or touch any broken bones, she aligns herself at his side, her head resting on his shoulder so that her hair floats out across the pale skin of his chest and arm. He barely has to turn his head to bury his nose in her locks. His good arm wraps around her and it feels unfamiliar but so good. He's never held anyone before and yet she fits so well to his side as though she was created just for him. She sighs softly, her breath ghosting across his skin, and an arm sneaks across his abdomen to rest there lightly. He wonders when he'll wake up to realize that this is all a dream; he's sure he will. He isn't worthy of anything so good and perfect as her. But he'll keep her, hold her, memorize each line of her body for as long as the dream stays. He'll live for her, breathe for her, for as long as she will have him. Sleep claims him once more and he tightens his hold on her minutely, hoping against hope that she will still be there when he wakes up. ","Summary":" Title: Beyond dreams Author: Cosmic Email: bananacosmicgirl at hotmail . com Website: www . cosmicu"},{"Movie":"Charlie's Angels: The Movie","Title":"Madison's Sister","Author":"Susannah Sheldon","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7223856","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Author's note : Apologies if I seem to have submitted this story twice, as I have deleted the earlier version and submitted this newer one, but the system seems slow to update. This story is meant to be a one-shot but I may continue. Please read and review. Natalie Cook sat lounging by the pool in the backyard of her house. It was a hot, quiet afternoon, and she had nothing else to keep her occupied. Two slow months had passed since the epic showdown with the ex-Angel turncoat Madison Lee, and Natalie and her two closest friends had not heard from Charlie since. Maybe he wanted to give them a little time to rest and recuperate, or maybe he was simply too busy. Regardless of the reason, Natalie was making use of her well-deserved break by hanging out with her friends, sweating it out in the gym, surfing at the beach, or simply swimming laps in the medium sized pool in her backyard. This day was no different. Dressed in a tank-top, denim shorts, and barefoot, Natalie sat on a deckchair by the pool, and sipped a glass of tequila. Normally, Dylan and Alex would be over at her house by the pool with her, having a chat about the latest gossip in town. However, they usually preferred to sit fully clothed next to the pool, while Natalie would do laps in the pool in her bikini. Her friends never understood what it was about swimming that Natalie was so passionate about. However, there was no one else there to bother her today. Relishing the time alone by herself, Natalie decided that it was time for her regular swimming workout. She stripped off her tank-top and shorts, revealing a yellow G-string bikini underneath that looked striking on her tanned, fit, and obviously sexy body. Natalie then climbed into the cool waters of the pool, and proceeded to slide her athletic body gracefully through the water. After a couple of laps, Natalie stopped by the edge of the pool and placed her arms on the poolside. She pushed her wet hair back and took in the warm sunshine. Feeling that her bikini bottom was out of position, Natalie looked down into the water and saw that the small narrow triangle was to the side of her clit, fully exposing her vagina. Natalie rolled her eyes and muttered,\"Damn G-strings.\" But she did not bother to push it back into position as she was all alone. Instead, naughty thoughts began to creep into her head. Feeling her breasts and nipples beginning to erect through her bikini top, Natalie rubbed her clit with her index finger, and then inserted her finger into her vagina. A soft moan escaped from her lips. Suddenly, Natalie noticed someone walking towards the pool. She stopped fingering herself and turned to have a better look at the intruder. It was a teen girl around seventeen or eighteen years of age. The girl was wearing a sweater, jeans, and sneakers. Natalie also saw to her panic that the girl was holding a pistol in her hand. The girl arrived near the edge of the pool where Natalie was, raised her gun and pointed it at Natalie. \"What is this about?\" Natalie asked as she managed to calm herself down. \"You know, you shouldn't have left the front door open,\" was the girl's reply. \"Shall we talk over this?\" Natalie said, while thinking of a way to get out of the situation. The girl did not reply. She simply kept her pistol levelled at Natalie. However, the girl's hands were slightly shaky, as though she was not sure about what she was doing. Natalie then decided that she had a chance to turn the tables. \"Let me get out of the pool first, please,\" Natalie then said. The girl simply nodded keeping her pistol pointed at Natalie. Natalie climbed out of the pool, water dripping down her tanned and sexy bikini-clad body. She did not bother to shift the small triangle back over her vagina, as the intruder was a girl, and most likely a straight one. The girl stared at Natalie's exposed vagina that was dripping wet with water, before looking back at Natalie in the eye. Natalie noticed an embarrassed look forming on the girl's face. It was then that Natalie decided to use her body to distract the girl. Natalie slowly slipped off her bikini bottom, and dropped it on the floor. The girl stared in surprise at Natalie's exposed groin, not anticipating Natalie to do that. Natalie then walked slowly towards the girl. \"Easy…easy\", Natalie purred, smiling nervously yet seductively at the girl. Natalie felt her exposed vagina becoming even more wet, and her tits and nipples threatening to burst through her bikini top. Natalie felt like plunging her finger into her soaking wet vagina, but was afraid it would alarm the girl, who was still pointing her pistol at Natalie. As Natalie reached within striking distance of the girl, Natalie suddenly, pushed aside the girl's pistol, and kicked the girl in the stomach with her wet bare foot. The girl dropped the pistol, which Natalie swiftly picked up. The tables were truly turned. Fearing the girl might fight back, Natalie thought about how a bikini chick could gain the advantage at the pool against other girls who were not swimming. A simple idea came to mind. \"Get into the pool!\" Natalie ordered as she pointed the pistol at the shocked girl. The girl obeyed and climbed into the pool. She shivered as the water covered her up to her chest, soaking her clothes and sneakers. Certain that the girl could not fight back now, Natalie began to interrogate her. \"Who are you and who sent you?\" Natalie questioned. \"I'm Mandy, and Madison is my sister. I came to avenge her,\" the girl replied. Meanwhile, Natalie could no longer control herself. She pushed her finger deep into her dripping wet vagina, climaxing and letting out moan, not caring if the girl in the pool stared. Natalie paused for a moment, thinking about what to say or do next. She noticed tears forming in Mandy's eyes, and could guess the thoughts that were going through the girl's mind. Here she was in the pool, failing to avenge her sister's death, and now about to be shot by a virtually naked, wet and horny bikini woman, who would most likely let her bleed to death in the pool before fishing her pale, water filled corpse out of the pool. \"Get out of the pool,\" Natalie said, toning down her voice. The girl was surprised but did as she was told. She shivered as water dripped from her soaking wet clothes. \"I'll get you some dry clothes,\" Natalie said as she handed Mandy a towel. Natalie then went back into the house, neither bothering to put her bikini bottom back on, nor dry her own dripping wet body. ","Summary":" Author's note : Apologies if I seem to have submitted this story twice, as I have deleted the earli"},{"Movie":"Charlie's Angels: The Movie","Title":"Sabia que eu te amo?","Author":"Lara Boger","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4826515","Passage":"[Chapter 1] DISCLAIMER: Os personagens de \"As Panteras\"ne \"Cybecops\" não me pertencem. Essa fic é só mais umndeveneio da minha mente insana. E essa fic não tem fins lucrativos.nÉ só pra amenizar a tanta insanidade. Sabia que eu que te amo? Madrugada. O casal mais uma vez passava a noite juntos, alheios ao que senpassava fora daquele quarto. Ele abraçado a ela, tinha o rostonenterrado na curva do pescoço de sua parceira, fazendo-lhe cócegasnapenas de leve. A jovem reagia a essa carícia com um riso baixo encalmo. - Ei... por que você faz isso? –nperguntou Alex, curiosa com aquele ato. - Eu gosto do seu cheiro. - Quer dizer, do meu perfume. - Não. Eu gosto do seu cheiro. O cheiro da sua pele. Vocênfica linda desse jeito. A garota riu, e virou-se de frente para ele, vendo seu rostonrisonho, sentindo o toque das mãos do namorado por cima do finonlençol. - Não dá pra entender os homens... a gente se arruma, senmaquia, faz cabelo, usa salto, faz um monte de coisas... pra ouvirnisso?! Osamu riu, sereno, puxando-a para umnabraço delicado, enlaçando-a com seus braços forte e beijando denleve aqueles lábios doces. - Vocês é que são complicadas demais. Não precisamos denmuita coisa. Pra mim você fica linda assim, natural. Maquiagemnatrapalha, sabia? - Que nem roupa, não é, seu tarado? - Você é quem está com segundas intenções. Estou falandonsério, expondo o meu ponto de vista... - Então, quer dizer que não está comnsegundas intenções? - Bom... acho que estou com alguns pensamentos impuros a seunrespeito. - Pensamentos impuros? – ela ergueu um pouco o corpo,napoiando-se no cotovelo. - Sim, pecaminosos. Nada adequado a uma dama de respeito. Énbom ter medo ou posso querer fazer mal a você... já está tão...nvulnerável. - É mesmo? – riu, dando-se conta da própria nudez separadanda dele apenas pelos lençóis. - Ahã... Colocou-se sobre ela, acarinhando os cabelos lisos e negrosnespalhados sobre o travesseiro, sorrindo-lhe docemente. - Sabia que eu te amo, Alex Munday? Ela pôde sentir o seu hálito bem perto. Quente, limpo,ndelicioso, e mal teve tempo de responder àquela declaração, poisnele capturou seus lábios num beijo suave. Ergueu-se paranalcançá-lo, tentando unir ainda mais o seu corpo ao dele.nAproveitar mais aquele contato prazeroso. - Ei, ei... calma! Depois sou eu quem estánquerendo me aproveitar! – gracejou, quebrando o beijo por poucosnsegundos e percebeu que ela o empurrava para que ficasse deitado,nsentindo o peso do corpo pequeno de sua namorada sobre o seu. Umncontato de peles que o deixava louco... e ela sabia disso. - Vamos ver quem vai se aproveitar de quem. – ela disse, com umanvoz ameaçadora, debruçando-se sobre o namorado, como seno dominasse, enquanto ele apenas a fitava comnolhos curiosos. - Não fala isso que eu gamo! - Pensei que já estivesse gamado... amor – pronunciou anúltima palavra de modo destacado, para que ele pudesse entender. Satisfeita, viu os olhos de seu companheironmudarem, adquirindo uma nova luz, um novo brilho, fazendo com que onlado passional dele pudesse vir a tona. Algo que era um traço muitonforte de Osamu, mas que ele vivia tentando esconder. Sentada sobre ele, inclinou-se para vê-lonmelhor, apreciar seu rosto atentamente. Osamu não era exatamentenbonito, seus traços eram comuns, e não seria alguém que chamaria anatenção se estivesse em meio a um mar de gente... especialmente ansua, mas havia alguma coisa diferente naquele homem. Seus olhos, quase transparentes no que dizia respeito às emoções,no sorriso infantil que raramente era visto, mas que quando surgianeram um espetáculo a parte. E cada sorriso daqueles era umanrecompensa por cada dia de convívio. Ela mal podia acreditar naquelesnmomentos, e no tamanho do que sentia por ele. Até pouco tempo era umnódio caloroso, uma implicância mútua, uma amizade mais próxima,num amor inesperado e arrebatador. Uma grande metamorfose, umanconfusão de sentimentos. E agora, depois de tudo, continuavanexatamente igual. E como o amava... faltava apenas deixá-lo saber disso, de formanefetiva. - Eu sei que nem sempre demonstro, mas eu amo você, Osamu.nEu te amo de verdade. Sentiu as mãos dele numa carícia leve em suas costas, um toque ondennão havia malícia. Percebeu que ele queria lhe dizer algo, ounao menos reagir de alguma forma, mas a jovem decidiu que era a suanhora de falar. - Não, não diga nada. Não precisa e nem quero que diga. Vocênsempre demonstrou o que sente e eu demorei pra fazer isso. -nacariciou o rosto de seu amado que fitava-o atentamente. - Eu sónqueria que soubesse. A carícia dele continuou, da mesma formansuave. Alex inclinou-se, buscando seus lábios, tomando-os. Eramnquentes, macios, e com essas sensações foi explorando sua boca danforma como queria. Osamu apenas deixou-se levar, guiando-se por ela,ndeixando que a companheira tivesse o controle do beijo, aceitando onconvite que ela lhe fez com aquelas palavras. Agora Alex sabia: Osamu estava feliz.nDefinitivamente. Para deixá-lo feliz era preciso pouco... e nãonconhecia ninguém que merecesse mais a felicidade do que ele. Elanmesma também estava tão feliz quanto alguém poderia ser, porquenfinalmente encontrara aquilo que procurou por muito tempo. E quem diria... encontrara finalmente o amor,njustamente nos braços daquele novato que um dia chegou a odiar. Docenódio, doce amor. Deitou-se sobre ele, os corpos colados. Podiansentir as batidas de seu coração. Queria encostar a cabeça em seunpeito e ouvi-las como se fosse música, mas o brilho de seus olhosnera muito atraente. Tentador o bastante para mudar os seus planos. Luminoso, sereno. Dentro deles, podia ver tudo:na vida dele, sua própria vida. Não tinha vontade de deixar denolhá-los. Poderiam passar a eternidade assim. As mãos dele, que há pouco estavam em suasncostas, passaram a acarinhar o rosto da garota. Viu-o sorrir, como sengracejasse inocentemente. Alex sabia o que ele queria dizer comnaquele sorriso, mas não se irritou. Nunca conseguiria irritar-se comnOsamu. Tinha mesmo as suas razões para reagir assim. Já esperavanpor isso. - Você me surpreende, Alex. - Sério? Pode ir se acostumando com isso. Sounmesmo uma caixinha de surpresas. Pode estar correndo risco do meunlado, sabia? – gracejou. - Eu sei. Já te conheço... sei o risco quenestou correndo. Aliás, já estou acostumado a levar a vidanperigosamente. – disse, levantando apenas uma das sobrancelhas,nnuma expressão de astúcia e escárnio, típicas dele para depoisnsoltar uma risada gostosa. O riso foi calado por um outro beijo, e o beijonquebrado apenas quando ele a abraçou, acariciando os cabelos negrosne compridos de sua namorada. Ela inclinou a cabeça, aproximando-senainda mais de sua mão para aproveitar melhor o carinho. Logo saíram da posição, deitando-se juntos,num de frente para o outro. Abraçados, logo foram levados pelo sono,nporém, em tempos diferentes. Osamu adormeceu primeiro, guiado pelontorpor e sob os olhos atentos de Alex. Ela admirava-o, velando o seunsono como se fosse o de uma criança desprotegida, embora ele fizessende tudo para protegê-la. Não tinha dúvidas quanto a intensidadendaquele sentimento que os unia. Não mais. Já sabia que era amor,nmas tinha receio de admitir para si mesma que encontrou aquilo quenprocurava. Nos braços de seu companheiro, encontrara serenidade,ncarinho... a tranqüilidade de sentimentos. A presença dele já erancapaz de melhorar seu humor, e irritar-se ao seu lado parecianimpossível. Já sabia que era amor, mas simplesmente hesitara. Talvez fosse normal ter medo, se pensasse emncomo foram os seus últimos relacionamentos. Infrutíferos, vazios.nDolorosos. Tinha medo de se envolver, e escondia isso atrás de umanmáscara daquelas mulheres poderosas e independentes, que procuravamndiversão e colocavam a vida pessoal a frente de tudo. Era fora a suanmáscara durante muito tempo. E continuou sendo assim quando começouna se envolver pelo novato irritante e folgado. Continuou por muito tempo nesse jogo aténperceber que não seria como os outros. Surpreendeu-se por percebernque estava se deixando envolver de verdade. Teve vontade dendesmoronar quando ele lhe declarara amor pela primeira vez, porquenaquelas palavras eram sinceras. Como sabia? Não podia dizer, não havia umanmaneira racional de descobrir isso, mas sabia que eram sinceras. EnOsamu dissera aquilo de forma tão fácil que lhe pareceu quase umanpiada, diante de suas antigas decepções. Ninguém declarava amor denforma tão fácil. Era nisso que queria acreditar. Mas não foi uma resolução que durou muitontempo. Certezas duravam pouco, especialmente aquelas sobre amor ensexo. Osamu fazia questão de destruí-las, uma a uma, embora nãonsoubesse da confusão que estava despertando em suas emoções, tãonfrágeis. Hesitar, em sua situação seria normal. ParanOsamu também, tendo em vista tudo aquilo que lhe acontecera hánpoucos meses. Carreira quase destruída, laços desfeitos... falsasnacusações. Seria esperado que ele demorasse a confiar em alguém,nou declarasse qualquer forma de afeto ou quisesse estreitar relaçõesnpara algo mais que fosse uma simples parceria no trabalho. Mas não. Ele era passional, e apesar de tudonainda lhe parecia muito fácil mostrar seus sentimentos. E se paranOsamu, que passara por um pesadelo, era tão fácil, por que ela nãonpoderia fazer o mesmo? Mas para Alex não era tão fácil. Era fraca,npelo menos era assim que se sentia. Não conseguia lhe respondernquando ouvia a voz do novato falando sobre amor. Era como se o mundonparasse e faltasse a voz. Sabia qual a resposta, mas tinha medo dendizê-la. Arrependia-se por isso, embora ele nuncantivesse reclamado. Talvez Osamu soubesse de seu afeto,ninterpretando-a através de pequenos atos cotidianos e preferisse nãonpressioná-la... mas Alex sabia que uma declaração de amor nãoneram apenas gestos, mas também palavras. E não queria que ele pudesse ter qualquer tiponde dúvidas. Não queria arriscar perdê-lo. Precisava mostrar quenagora havia uma razão para que ele ficasse, que ali onde estavanOsamu teria afeto e confiança. Teria aquilo que precisava. Nãonteria mais motivos para pensar em ir embora. Nunca o deixaria ir, nãono deixaria escapar. Porque finalmente tinham dito tudo, e nãonhavia nada que pudesse se colocar no caminho. Poderiam enfrentarnqualquer coisa, bem mais que os criminosos de quase todos os dias. Podiam enfrentar os medos, os traumas.nCompartilhar as angústias, dividir os sentimentos. Podiam ser maisnfortes, simplesmente porque estavam juntos, porque aquilo que sentiamnera amor. Osamu lhe ensinara a amar. E não havia nadanmais a fazer do que lhe retribuir com a verdade: seu amor. Retribuirncom palavras, gestos e de todas as formas que podia, com ansinceridade e a inocência daqueles que se expõem e se arriscam. Sem armas, sem máscaras ou certezas. Apenasnverdades. Se o tivesse ao seu lado, seria o suficiente. Tendo, desenhado nos lábios, um pequenonsorriso, sussurrou para ele, num último gracejo, sabendo que nãonteria uma resposta de sua parte. Já a tinha, e não precisava denmais. - Sabia que eu te amo, novato? Fim ","Summary":" DISCLAIMER: Os personagens de \"As Panteras\"ne \"Cybecops\" não me pertencem. Essa fic é só mais u"},{"Movie":"Charlie's Angels: The Movie","Title":"Candle Thief","Author":"PirateFox","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6635189","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: I do not own the characters or the franchise. Only the story/drabble. Summary : The Thin Man's thoughts on a nude Dylan when he walks into Knox's house and when he is defeated at the castle, and a guess at how he managed to survive the explosion. Candle Thief He really had not expected her to be practically naked when he strolled menacingly around the corner from Knox's kitchen into the living room. Granted she had a sheet wrapped around her that she had artfully twisted and tied to force it to resemble the finest of gowns. And Miss. Wood had informed him that the obviously horny Eric was planning on somehow \"distracting\" the red-haired Angel known as Dylan while her second-hand assassins took care of her friends. He supposed he should have been more aware of the context she cloaked the word in. Should have definitely been more prepared for a scene such as the one he sauntered in on. Not that he was letting it show on his face or in his gait that anything bothered him. That would soil the silent image he promoted himself in. He settled for lurking in the background, snaking around Miss. Wood and the narcissistic Knox admiring his stretching muscles in a mirror on the wall; watching the exposed seraph with the fire-colored strands at the center of it all. The expression she wore spoke volumes: she was pissed off. Nothing in the way she held herself betrayed a hint of real fear. She just looked ready to break Knox's nose in the most painful way she knew how - and he knew that she could do it, too, if she desired. She was holding herself back for some reason. He could almost see the strain in the sinew under the pale flesh of her bare shoulders…nearly felt her anger vibrating through the floor as she slapped Knox's hand away when he tried to touch his fingers to her flaming scalp. *Those are mine .* He thought possessively without any pretense as to why. He took another drag of his cancer-stick. Came to a stop near some fancy computers on the far right of the room and craned his neck back to admire the ceiling. Anything to get his mind off of the nude form robed in thin cotton just a few feet away. *That's right. Brush it off, Anthony. * He brought his gaze back to her when it felt safe to, his view blurred from the cloud of smoke he normally encased himself in. It made it easier to distance himself from the drama unfolding in front of him. The thin wisps of translucent white also managed to make her appear like a proud candle standing amidst so many ebony shadows. \"Why?\" The short, simple, accusatory word aimed at Knox was like a breath of wind causing the candle's heat to flicker. Knox's answer was just as straightforward. \"Ask your boss.\" And even through his bubble of vaporous protection he could see the slight fright suddenly surface as realization dawned. It was quickly hidden again afterward, however, and she began to back up towards one of the many windows with the stunning night views of Los Angeles's lights behind her, jumping once when Eric threw his own cigarette at her feet. Knox ripped Miss. Wood's gun away from her fingers. She did not seem to mind. Actually gave the impression that she was enjoying this roast way too much. The former concentrated the barrel at his temple, smiling ruefully. \"You know, they say that in death…all life's questions are answered.\" Knox resituated the gun; pointed it at her. She blanched and stopped moving, unclad epidermis close to touching the glass. Anthony paused, cigarette half-way to his mouth. Eric chuckled darkly. \"Will you let me know?\" The explosion barely made him flinch. Her scream only a murmur in his ear as she fell backwards through sharp snow and out of sight. A candle snuffed out of existence. His roll of tobacco finished its journey to his lips as he kept his eyes focused on the new opening Knox had made in his living room. That was too easy. Knox didn't notice the blatant evidence of his conveniently won victory, bringing the gun down. \"Let's go get Charlie.\" He said, coming over to the computer table to retrieve a few items. The Thin Man paid him no mind, his piercing, blue orbs never moving from the broken window. Only when the other two began to walk out did he even trouble himself to motivate. And he still paused when he saw that small scrap of white just gripping the jagged edge of a shard. So the candle still burned, huh? She was quite the impressive woman. He continued out after his employers, looking forward to the next time he faced Dylan Sanders. It was just his luck that he found the oriental Angel up in the tower instead of the one he was wanting. Oh, well. Beggars couldn't be choosers, he supposed. Either way, he still got his ass kicked. After a well-positioned rock to the side of his skull, his balance was thrown willy-nilly and he was tossed down next to Vivian. Dylan then abruptly shot out of a side door, freezing for a minute to swiftly hash the situation out before picking up a discarded line of metal chain and slinging it at them. The weight of the chain squeezed him and Miss. Wood together around the hips until they were jerked off of their feet to face-plant into the stone. He had just enough time to peek up at the raging candle above him, no longer vulnerable in an unarmed bed sheet. She hardly returned a glance as she and her friends high-tailed it out of there, her red tresses leaving that wonderful hibiscus smell he craved in her wake. *When did I fall in love with her…? * The world went up in fire. Thank God Vivian's body had landed just in the right place to protect him from Knox's missile. In the end, he escaped with a few minor burns, a couple of nasty lacerations, and a pounding headache caused by a large lump forming on his head. And he had to have a broken bone somewhere – he could feel it. He guessed he should probably pay another visit to the nuns at the orphanage. He lit another cigarette as he limped away from the wreckage of the castle; hands going to pockets with fingers tangling in the red nest tucked away in his right one. A/N: My first Charlie's Angels fanfiction. It's probably not very good, but i just recently got into this pairing and I wanted to experiment. ^_^ Hope you guys enjoy any way!. ","Summary":" Disclaimer: I do not own the characters or the franchise. Only the story/drabble. Summary : The Thi"},{"Movie":"Charlie's Angels: The Movie","Title":"Insert Witty Title Here","Author":"Insane Rubber Bullet","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4758075","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Title : Insert Witty Title Here Pairing : Dylan/Thin Man (Anthony) Summary : Ever thought what would happen if Thin Man's lighter malfunctioned just when he required it most? Welp, I did and this is the result! Rating : K+ Author's Note : Hello and Happy New Year! How are you today folks? Me, I'm thrilled and happy because I am about to make my first appearance in the realm of FanFiction! Well, I needn't have to tell you that reader, you can easily tell by my lack of experience in story publishing. I mean, I couldn't even come up with a good name for my story! But other than that, it's a good and funny piece of work, which I recommend for anyone who wants to have a good laugh. So please people, don't be shy, step right in and R&R;! Praises and constructive criticism will be rewarded with cyber cookies and flames will be used do heat my cyber oven and make cyber cookies. But enough useless ranting! On with the story! Oh, and I almost forgot…. Disclaimer : I do not own Charlie's Angels . If I had, Charlie's Angels 3 and 4 would have already been released in cinemas by now and I'd be working feverishly on Charlie's Angels 5 . Huuuffff…. PoP! Huuuffff…. PoP! This kind of activity has been going on for quite a while now in the Angel's office. Less than an hour ago, Charlie summoned all his Angels for an important, yet not very urgent mission. Dylan and Thin Man promptly appeared at the office within 10 minutes of the call… only to spend the rest of the time sitting on a couch, smoking and chewing bubble gum. With each minute that ticked by, with each bubble that she blew, Dylan's annoyance towards her tardive friends grew. Thin Man on the other hand, having a large supply of cigarettes, and stocks just as great of patience, serenely sat on the couch, with a nicotine induced calm, floating on a sheet of thoughts of his own: \" Charlie specifically mentioned it was an important mission, why are those two being late? Oh sure, of course, it's because of their boyfriends! They just can't leave their side without giving them some kind of excuses. \" With such problems and issues, Thin Man wondered how were they even able to keep their relationships on the floating line. As far as he was concerned, it was worth having him for a lover merely for the fact that Dylan didn't need to come up with some lame excuse every time she needed to depart on a mission; moreover, he was now on the same side of the barricade as her, meaning he could effectively help her in her missions. And Alex (who, for some unknown reason, disagreed with this relation) could comment all she wants about it, he knows better. With his mind still on Dylan, Thin Man unconsciously and automatically reached inside his pocket for another cigarette and his silver lighter. He put the cigarette in his mouth and attempted to light it, only… the lighter didn't lit. This so-suddenly-appeared inconvenience stabbed his sheet of thoughts brutally and the resulting rupture greatened with each time he flicked the lighter, until all of his meditations have been waved away like smoke…and he still didn't manage to light that cigarette! Annoyed, he put the cigarette away and stared at the faulty lighter angrily: \" I trusted you almost as much as I did my sword. How could you have failed me?! \" Then he resentfully let it go. \" Great… Now what do I do? \" Numb after so much sitting around, Dylan got up and started to do some mild aerobic exercises to stretch her limbs. But Thin Man just couldn't get his mind off smoking; he really needed a cigarette now. Just then, he saw something shiny sticking out of her back pocket: her own lighter! And boy, the American flag has never been more tempting! Thin Man remembered that, as he was growing up at the orphanage, the nuns would teach him-among other religious and ethic morals-that when a person had a choice to make, devilings would urge him to make the wrong choice. And even now, he could almost hear a small, malevolent voice whispering in his ear: Voice: Go on! Get it! Thin Man: But it's Dylan's and she's very touchy about it. I should at least ask permission… Voice: Permission?! There's a 90% chance she won't even understand what you want! Since you are technically mute… And besides (voice gets more malicious) if she cares about it that much, then all the better! Without further delay, using his trademark, lightning-fast speed, Thin Man leaned towards Dylan, grabbed the lighter, sat back on the couch and started lighting his cigarette- all in split second. Dylan's woman intuition (don't be surprised, she does have it, or at least, she's been having it ever since the Eric Knox incident) told her that Thin Man had been up to something while she wasn't looking, even thought he moved too fast for her to catch him in the act. At first, she thought he tried to slap her butt, but when she didn't feel the sting, she knew he did something else…something much more unforgivable…! She turned around to question him but when she saw him laying there, nonchalantly lighting himself a cigarette with her lighter-HER lighter! - she knew she needn't have to ask him anything anymore; except to return it! Dylan (calmly): Anthony, that's mine. Anthony (shrugging him shoulders): \"So?\" Dylan (getting menacing): Give it back! Anthony (sitting himself more comfortably on the couch, enjoying the cigarette and playing with the lighter): \"Make me!\" Not waiting 4 a 2nd invitation, Dylan lashed out at him to grab the lighter, but Thin Man eluded her grip with little effort, by jumping a bit to the right on the couch; Dylan tried again, thin Man jumped again and so on and so on, until Thin Man reached the end of the couch and Dylan seemed to have cornered him. But if Dylan thought she could get her hands on her lighter that easily, she was so wrong… Thin Man let himself fall off the couch onto the floor, rolled away from Dylan before she could even touch him, then jumped to his feet jerking his legs forward karate style. Now that he was on his feet, getting that lighter would be mission impossible-and Dylan knew that. She started chasing him, knowing that in the office he wouldn't have where to run. But wouldn't you know it, that crazy stunt artist began jumping on and over the furniture to make her chase more difficult: on the couch, on the tables, on the office, the windowsills and even on the walls! And to make matters worse, with each failed attempt of hers of getting her lighter, he grew bolder and bolder: waving the lighter in front of her, throwing it in her direction only to artfully catch it himself…why, he even had the nerve to blow a kiss in her direction! Argh! With that Dylan lost it completely and started throwing stuff at him; yet he casually dodged the projectiles while laughing at her distress. At that moment, the door started opening itself: Natalie (shyly, not even daring to enter): Er, look guys, I know we kept you waiting, but… (something hits the door, Natalie squeals with shock the shuts the door) I told you! They're gonna lapidate us with Chinese fighting muffins!! Alex (boldly opening the door): Now look, I know we're late, but that's no reason to…oh my God! Natalie too pops her head in the room and saw why Alex was so dumbfounded. By now, Dylan had given up Throwing things at Thin Man (either because she was out of stuff to throw or because, in a sudden burst of lucidity, she realized she would never get her lighter using this method – first one's more probable) and resumed the chase, making Thin man jump all over the place again – not that he found it unpleasant, as his ear-to-ear grin stated. Alex (realizing what was going on): Cut it out you two! You're acting worse ten year olds! Nat, help me with this! But Natalie had already left her friend's side and was now hopping up and down in the middle of the room, waving her hands in the air. Natalie: Anthony, over here! I'm open! Dylan (on the brink of exploding): Anthony, don't you dare! Too late, Thin Man had already thrown the lighter to Natalie, who caught it and started running around the offence, chased by Dylan. And when it seem like Dylan was about to catch her (she wasn't as good at eluding Dylan as Thin Man was), Natalie threw the lighter back to Thin Man. At this rate, it seemed like poor Dylan would spend the rest of her life running after the lighter. Only Alex decided to get involved as well, not on Dylan's side, nor on Thin Man's. She thought that if she could catch the lighter, she could put an end to this masquerade; if she could get her hands it, of course. At one point Thin Man grew a tad too bold and threw the lighter at Natalie even though Alex had a better chance of catching it. Yet Alex didn't manage to snatch it because Dylan got in the way. Alex only managed to touch it a little, but that mild touch made the lighter bounce back to Thin Man, flying chaotically. Sick and tired of running around, Dylan changed tactic and jumped at Thin Man, who was too busy keeping his eyes on the lighter to notice her… until it was too late. The two collided and fell to the floor… and the lighter was still in the air! Dreading the idea the this game would end, Natalie made one last ditch attempt to catch the lighter but Alex, whose last wish in this world was this horsing around carrying on, tried to catch it herself, resulting in a mid-air collision and forced landing on top of Thin Man and Dylan. Bosley (entering the office): Morning people! How are Y'all do… holly cow! What's going on here? Actually, nothing was going on anywhere, the 4 were still on the floor, wiggling around. Alex was trying to scalp her two friends, Natalie was trying to avoid her grip, Dylan was trying to find her lighter and Thin Man (whom everyone seemed to have forgotten about) was unsuccessfully trying to get the girls off him. See what happens when you listen to those deviling voices, people? In all this time, the troublesome lighter was layering where it had landed, next to the speaker, as if \"Daddy\" had decided playtime was over and it was now time to get to serious business. Charlie: Now that we are all assembled, Angels, I believe it's time we start our day. END Thank you, reader for bothering to read my work! Hope you laughed at least once! Good bye, have a nice day and don't forget to drop a review! P.S.: If you find it confusing and are wondering, I will tell you that Thin Man hasn't said a word at all during the story, all those are mental thoughts. ","Summary":" Title : Insert Witty Title Here Pairing : Dylan/Thin Man (Anthony) Summary : Ever thought what woul"},{"Movie":"Charlie's Angels: The Movie","Title":"Guardian Angel","Author":"sparrowflyaway","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7106241","Passage":"[Chapter 1] That fateful night still haunted Dylan's mind. A full year had passed since she watched the Thin Man, Anthony, fall to his death off the roof of the Los Angeles Theater. She wouldn't have thought that he of all people could have such an effect on her, but night after night she dreamt of it, her heart ripping apart more every time. It had taken her a few weeks to realise that he had taken her heart with him when he fell; she loved him more than she had ever loved Seamus or Knox or Chad or any of the other guys she had fallen for. When she had finally admitted this to Natalie and Alex, to say that they were surprised would be an understatement. The two Angels suddenly found themselves unsure what to say to Dylan, who honestly couldn't blame them, because their best friend, who had been so strong, suddenly found herself feeling as fragile as if she were made of glass. Dylan herself was slowly becoming withdrawn, feeling lost and confused, having such strong feelings for a man who she barely knew. A man who had tried to kill her and her friends on more than one occasion. A man who was dead. She longed to know him, to understand his reasons for killing everyone that he had. His reasons for that kiss. That was the thing that haunted her the most: that tantalising kiss, the bonding of icy-cold on fiery warmth, the scent of tobacco and something like coffee on his skin. Finally, on the one-year anniversary of Anthony's death, she had made a small shrine in the back corner of her garden; her best attempt at closure. And that very same night, Dylan found herself standing in front of that shrine, silent tears streaming down her cheeks, mourning the loss of the one man who had captured her heart without saying a single word. \"Oh, Anthony. I wish things had been different. I wish I could have done more to protect you,\" Dylan whispered, rubbing his orphanage pendant between her fingers. After placing a single white rose on the ground in front of the cross, Dylan glanced up at the star-spattered night sky and then retreated into the house. Feeling as lost as ever, Dylan glanced ruefully at the pictures of herself and her friends, thinking how different she was to the woman in those photographs and wondering if she would ever be that same confident rebellious woman again. Probably not, she thought as she changed into a light t-shirt and shorts. Whatever happened to me having the heart of a rhino? Sighing, Dylan switched off the light and climbed into bed, tears soaking her pillow as they did so often nowadays. After a few minutes, her tears died away, and she drifted into a restless sleep, unaware of the figure watching her through the window. It had taken Anthony almost half an hour to get Seamus' body off him, especially with the giant E on top of them both. Anthony was still amazed that he had somehow managed to survive not only being impaled by his own sword and throw ten stories to the pavement, but also having another man and a giant metal letter fall on top of him. The only theory that made any sense to him was that the sword had slowed both his and Seamus' impacts, and that Seamus had taken the full brunt of the giant letter. Either I'm very lucky, he thought as he watched Dylan's sleeping form through her bedroom window, or I have a higher destiny than just being an assassin. Anthony had never been comfortable with being an assassin; taking the lives of others simply for the money was not as appealing as some might be led to think. But he had his reasons for raising the money in the way he did; not only was he good at being an assassin, but he was able to keep the orphanage going. He was very grateful to that orphanage. They had taken him in, made him feel welcome in a way that the circus never had, even with his quirks. He had often heard Mother Superior wondering why he never spoke a word, occasionally wondering if there was some deep dark secret he wanted to keep from the world. In truth, Anthony had never found the need for words; they seemed pointless. When he did need to communicate, he found that a pen and some paper were sufficient. As for his fascination with hair, well, he never was quite sure why he liked it so much. Sometimes it seemed to symbolise the person whom it belonged to, their scent, their touch. But when he had captured a lock of Dylan's hair for the first time, in that alleyway opposite Corwin's, he had found something that he longed for more than anything else. Her scent was intoxicating; he found himself longing for not just her hair, but for her. Her scent became a comfort to him, and he longed to have her for himself, to protect her from the horrible, selfish, egotistical and flat out evil men that she so often fell for. But when he finally managed to communicate his feelings, and she returned his kiss with such passion, his joy was short-lived thanks to Seamus. He knew that that was what she dreamed about at night, for what else could be haunting her dreams but her murderous ex-boyfriend? For the past six months he had been watching over her as she slept, longing to throw open her bedroom window, to take her into his arms and comfort her, to reassure her that Seamus was dead and that he was never going to hurt her ever again. But he couldn't bring himself to do it, so afraid was he that she didn't love him, despite all the passion of their kiss. He stared longingly through the window at her, hoping that perhaps tonight she might have peaceful slumber. After watching her for a few moments longer, Anthony walked over to the fence where Dylan had been standing earlier in the night, and eventually located the tiny shrine she had built there. Kneeling down, he read the name written on the cross, his eyes widening. Anthony. She built this for me? Why? Anthony wondered, fingering the rose gently. He picked it up and smelled it, revelling in the knowledge that she had left it there for him. Still clutching the fragile flower, Anthony returned to his position outside Dylan's bedroom window, concern filling his face as he noticed her tossing around in bed more violently than usual. After a few minutes of thrashing and moaning, Dylan awoke, her horrified scream filling the room. Before he could second-guess his actions, Anthony grabbed the window and threw it open, splintering the wooden frame as he went to save his Angel from her nightmare. Dylan loathed those nightmares. She found herself unable to escape their sadness and despair, even after she awoke from them. Every night she relived that fateful night, her soul slowly becoming consumed in its blackness. The night of the one-year anniversary was no better than any other time; in fact, when Dylan awoke, her horrified scream from that fateful night one year ago still filled her ears. It was a few moments before she realised that the scream wasn't just from her memories; it was erupting from her mouth. Fighting back more tears, she forced herself to be silent. A few moments later, a tentative hand wrapped itself in her hair, and she instinctively leapt out of bed, accidentally leaving a lock of her hair entwined in the fingers. \"Ow!\" Dylan yelped, clutching her hand to the spot where those hairs had been. A moment later, her eyes widened at the memory of the pain, and she slowly turned, hoping against all hope. And there he was, kneeling beside her bed, the missing lock of hair still tangled around his fingers. Her eyes widened in hope and amazement, but she found herself rooted to the spot, unsure what to do. Eventually Anthony stood and approached her, hope shining in his eyes too, along with a sense of worry. \"Anthony?\" Dylan said in a disbelieving whisper. He simply nodded and stepped closer, gently fingering the rose that she had placed at the shrine. Anthony opened his mouth to speak, but all that came out was a strangled garble. Quickly realising that his voice was not going to work for him after all those years of silence, he pulled out his notepad and pen and scrawled a note, which he handed to Dylan. \" It's me, Dylan, \" the note said. Dylan stared from the note to him and back for a few moments, before breaking down into joyful tears in his arms. \"Oh, God, Anthony, I thought... I thought you were dead! I felt so lost, and I was so worried that maybe Seamus had survived just to spite me...\" Anthony clumsily scrawled another note, keeping one arm around Dylan. \" He's dead, Dylan. He won't hurt you ever again. \" Dylan burst into a fresh flood of relieved tears after reading that note. \"How on earth did you survive when he didn't?\" she asked after she had calmed herself somewhat, looking up into his pale-blue eyes. Anthony thought about that for a moment, before writing \" Either I'm lucky or I have some more important reason in life than being an assassin .\" Like being with you, Dylan, he thought, unsure whether to add that on the note. Dylan gently took the note and read it, nodding slowly. Anthony wrote another note and handed that to her too. \" Why were you copying me that night? \" Dylan read that note and took a deep breath, wondering how to answer. \"I... I realised that there was a lot more to you than we thought, Anthony. I wanted to understand you better. I still do,\" Dylan said hesitantly. Anthony nodded thoughtfully; he had been hoping that was the reason. But as much as he loved Dylan, he wasn't going to push her to be with him if she didn't want to. He thought he would be the happiest person alive if he could even be friends with her. \"Anthony?\" she asked a few moments later, uncertainty and fear suddenly tinting her voice. Anthony squeezed her tighter and looked at her, waiting for the next of the many questions which he had suspected she might have. \"What were you trying to say that night?\" Anthony pointed at the note containing his question, and Dylan nodded acceptingly. Her next question, though, almost floored Anthony. \"And... what did you mean by that kiss?\" Dylan asked in a whisper, almost afraid to receive his answer. Anthony sat down on the bed and thought for a few moments, staring off into the distance as he tried to organise what he was feeling into words. \"It's OK, Anthony, I don't mind if you didn't really mean anything by it,\" Dylan added, the fear in her voice more prominent now, completely disputing what she was saying. Anthony turned to look at her, surprised to find fearful tears shining in his Angel's eyes. She's just as afraid of finding out my feelings as I was of finding out hers, Anthony realised. After gently wiping Dylan's tears away, Anthony returned to his notebook and wrote another note, which he folded nervously and held for a few moments before passing it to his beloved. Dylan stared at the note even longer than Anthony had did, longing to know what he had written but dreading it as well. Eventually, she took a deep breath, closed her eyes and unfolded the note. A few moments later, she tentatively opened her eyes, tears filling them at his reply. \" I know I probably don't deserve you after everything I've done, Dylan, but I love you. \" \"Oh, Anthony, how could you even think that? You saved my life, and I wouldn't have kissed you if I didn't think you were worth my time. And that's the honest truth,\" Dylan said, all fear gone. And suddenly, she found herself captured in a kiss a thousand times more passionate than the one they had shared a year ago. Dylan no longer needed to run, to hide her feelings, to regret not doing more to keep Seamus from hurting Anthony. For he was here, with her, and that was all that mattered in the world to her in that precious moment in time. ","Summary":" That fateful night still haunted Dylan's mind. A full year had passed since she watched the Thin Ma"},{"Movie":"Charlie's Angels: The Movie","Title":"Angels and Ghosts","Author":"nymphadora026","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5843408","Passage":"[Chapter 1] This is quite short, but it's only my first chapter. This is an idea that popped in my head while I was wondering if they could make a third movie... Exactly like every morning, at a five to nine, the Los Angeles loft occupied by three very different girls was took by no surprise at all by the arrival of a young man with really curly hair. Max wasn,t even knocking, there was no use to it since the girls knew exactly at which time he was coming ans if he caught them at a bad moment it absolutely wasn't his fault. \"How are my favorite angels this fine morning?\" he asked, his usual smile plastered on his face as the head of one of the girls popped from behind a door he knew was her room. Tessa was a tall, black, girl with long and straight hair always tied in a high pony tail. \"Morning Max! You should plug your cell, it's two to nine...\" \"Right.\" he said, nodding vigorously, as he walked to the little side table placed right next to the sofa where the little radio box was sitting, waiting to transmit the messages form the boss to his new angels. \"Tyler!! Maggie!! Wake up call!!\" Tessa sreamed throughout the entire loft and suddenly, her two roomates and colleagues appeared. Tyler was a medium sized auburn young woman clad in homemade clothes and her hair tied in a loose bun and Maggie was the smallest in size but the most imposant still. With her wavy brown locks and always well dressed, usually a book in hand, she had some kind of presence. The three girls all sat at once exactly at the same time Max's phone rang. He pressed the talk button and their boss's voice filled the room. \"Good morning angels.\" \"Good morning Charlie!\" their faces all wore a bright smile. They only started working for Charlie officially a month ago but all three of them loved this job. They really did get along eally well. It was easy though, since Tyler was more of a shy person and juste went along wth everything, Tessa was independant but still she accepted without any fights Maggie's authority. In a month, they all grew pretty close, same for Max. And even though they barely had two missions yet, they loved it. \"Angels, I made a decision which you may be happy or not about. You all are doing a perfect job but I know you have all a great potential and I'd like to develop it. For that, I assigned for you a trainor, a mentor.\" At that exact moment, all of their expressions were pretty different. Tyler seemed happy and Tessa well, she didn't seem to care. But Maggie's brow was furrowed deep. She was the chef of this team! They were doing fine when they listened to her, why would they need a mentor who would give her orders? As on cue, the doorknob turned and four faces turned to look at the intruder. In their doorway stood a rather small, red-head, young woman. Clad in a pair of worn out jeans and a slack Stryper T-Shirt, she didn't look that happy to be there too. \"Angels, meet --\" \"Dylan!!\" Max rose to his feet and rush to his \"fake sister\". Suddenly, the smile crawled back on her lips. It has been a long time since she last saw Max, whom she considered to be her little brother, only with no blood link. They both briefly hugged. \"Hey Max! I forgot you became the new 'Bosley'! How is it going?\" \"Really good!\" he turned back to the three roomates \"Angels, meet Dylan Sanders, the best Angel I know... no offence. Dylan, meet Tyler, Maggie and Tessa.\" She waved briefly before Tyler jumped to her feet to shake vigourously her hand. \"It's really nice to meet you, miss Sanders. You were in the generation before us, right? With misses Munday and Cook?\" This time, Dylan's eyes dropped to the floor. She hated being remembered of that... \"I--\" \"Yes she was\" interrupted Charlie, whom almost everyone had forgot about \"But unfortunately, Alex and Natalie had to take a leave. Now Dylan is the pioneer of my new 'departement', which doesn,t have a name yet.\" \"Yes, I call myself a ghost... since I'm mostly doing undercover work where I have to be invisible... like a ghost...\" she explained. Max looked impressed, same for Tyler and Tessa but Maggie still gave her that disgusted look she've had for all the morning. \"Well, now that averyone's intrdoduced, I'll let you, angels, to the hands of Dylan. Have a good day.\" \"Bye Charlie!\" they all chimmed in, even Max who was probably the happiest person in the room. Don't worry, you'll know what happened to Nat and Alex soon. Please, I loooove reviews! Feel free to leave some! ","Summary":" This is quite short, but it's only my first chapter. This is an idea that popped in my head while I"},{"Movie":"Charlie's Angels: The Movie","Title":"Angels vs Devils","Author":"Moonstruck Vamp","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5359800","Passage":"[Chapter 1] AngelsnVS Devils Chaptern1: The Harley case. \"Nathalie! I'vengot him. Get Alex here! Time to fly home!\" \"Alex, the birdsnare going west!\" \"Gotnit!\" Alex said as she took the helicopter towards the meetingnpoint. Nathalie was climbing the ladder on the helicopter and Dylanngrabbed the ladder while holding on to the bad guy. \"Mind your head!\"nAlex said through the microphone. Nathalie hoisted the ladder intonthe helicopter and helped Dylan chain the bad guy up. They gave eachnother a high five as they flew off to deliver the criminal thatncompleted the mission. 6 o'clock. Thenalarm went and Nathalie got up. She danced her way to the window andnopened the curtains! \"Good morning sun!\" She said with her usualnbroad smile. \"Good morningnNathalie, did you have to do that?\" \"Goodnmorning Pete.\" She said and went into the bed giggling and huggednhim. He started kissing him but what was supposed to be a longnpassionate kiss was cut short when the phone rang. \"Hello this isnPete… Yes she is here… Ok, I'll tell her… She'll be rightnthere.\" \"Who was it?\" \"Bosley.nHe said that you have to be at work in 10 minutes.\" Nathalie smiled.n\"See you later Pete.\" And she was gone before he could reply. \"Alex, let's gonto dinner tonight!\" \"What's thenoccasion?\" \"Us being togethernfor two years now?\" \"Two years andnthree days.\" \"Oh. I guess Inmixed up the days a bit.\" \"Jason, I wasngoing to cook tonight!\" \"Now somebody elsencan do the cooking for you. Baby please!\" \"I..\" The phonenrang. \"Hello this is Alex… Yes… Yes… Be right there. See younBosley.\" \"Charlie?\" Jasonnasked. \"Yes, see yountonight for dinner.\" And Alex was gone. \"Where am I?\"nDylan asked herself when she woke up in an unknown bed. \"You were drunk?\"nSome strange dark-haired guy asked her. \"Yeah I was andnnow I've got to go.\" \"I might havenknown.\" The dark-haired man sighed. \"They always regret it in thenmorning.\" \"I'm sure younwere great but I have a job.\" \"Goodbye Dylan. Itnwas nice having you here. Come back any time.\" \"See you later…\" \"Davis.nMy name is Davis.\" \"Bye Davis. Seenyou later.\" \"Hello Bosley!\"nAll the Angels greeted Bosley as they walked into the office. \"Good morningngirls! All right in time I see.\" \"You did call anbit early though.\" Nathalie complained. \"It wasnnecessary.\" The Angels setnthemselves down on the couch. \"If you don'tnmind me asking. What were you doing?\" Bosley asked Dylan and thenothers look at her with slight surprise. \"Just had a party.nRough night.\" \"Like younremember.\" Nathalie joked. \"Not really no.\"nDylan laughed. Bosley's phone rang. \"Good morningnAngels!\" \"Good morningnCharlie!\" The Angels said in unison. \"I've got a newnassignment for you three. A young girl has been kidnapped. Hernparents want you to find her. Her name is Demetra Harley\" \"Nonransom demands?\" Alex asked. \"Nothing so far.nWe are keeping a tab on the phone in case any demands are made. Younmust know that the kidnappers are possibly mobsters. The situationnmight be more dangerous than it looks.\" \"Understood.nWhere can we start looking?\" Nathalie asked. \"Thengirl was last seen in a mall not far from her house. The store shenentered last was a large supplier of computers and other electronicndevices. There are no security tapes but there is evidence doors havenbeen broken open.\" \"So we start bynlooking for clues.\" Dylan said. Tennminutes later the Angels were at the mall. Alex was undercover asndetective, Nathalie was supposed to be from the security departmentnand Dylan was a news reporter with free access to the store. Nathalieninvestigated the camera's from which the security tapes should havenbeen made and went to the security department to get tapes from otherndays. Dylan talked to the employees who had been on duty that daynwhile Alex was looking for signs that would confirm the kidnapping.nNathalie looked at the tapes from a few days before. The girl hadnbeen shopping there three days previous to the incident with twonother girl and a strange blond man had followed them around. Thengirls acted as if they were unaware but Nathalie could see the nervesnin their eyes. She made an enhanced picture of the blond creep andnwent back upstairs. Alex looked at the door, a fire extinguisher hadnbeen used to smash the door. The kidnapper had dropped it afternopening the door. There was a piece of cloth near the door which Alexntook to find traces of kidnapper or the girl. Dylan talked to thenguard who had been on duty while it had happened. \"So you do notnremember who took her?\" \"I was hit on thenhead with some hard object. I was unconscious for a few hours and Inhave a slight concussion. All I know is that there was a strangenlooking fellow following that girl around. She had asked me to helpnher and when I told that guy to back of somebody gave me a nice hitnwith whatever it was they used.\" \"Another man?\" \"I don't know.nIt definitively did hit like a man. If it was a woman she has beennspending too much time at the gym.\" \"Thank you sir.\" Dylan went to Alexnand Nathalie joined them. \"What did younfind?\" Alex asked. \"A blond man whonwas following the girl a few days before the kidnapping. I managed tonget a reasonably good picture of him.\" Nathalie showed the picturenof the blond man. \"The guard I havenbeen talking to said he was telling that man to stay away from thengirl when he got hit by a hard object. Whoever the kidnapper was, henseemed not to be working alone.\" \"The door wasnsmashed by a fire extinguisher. A heavy object. Blondy would havenneeded both hands to lift it and aim properly. The girl could havenrun. Another person must have helped him to take her away.\" \"There were noncustomers?\"Nathalie asked. \"Nobodynsave the girl, Blondy and the unknown hit man.\" \"Let's see ifnBosley can identify Blondy for us.\" Alex said and they all headednback to the station. \"It seems yournblond man is Sergey Locovic. He has a criminal record and over anhundred unpaid speeding tickets. This guy is serious about notnfollowing the rules.\" Bosley told the Angels. \"But what couldnhis motive be? Why does he want that girl?\" \"The girl'snfather is a very important officer. He works at the police and mightnbe able to erase his criminal records. For him to reach that therenwould have to be a demanded, by phone or otherwise but no contact hasnbeen made so far.\" \"So the guys hasnno interest or no connection?\" Alex asked Bosley. \"Probably nonconnection. It is like he was erased from the face of the earth.\" \"Girls, we'vengot an unexpected phone call.\" Charlie's voice announced from thenspeaker. \"It seems the girl has managed to contact two of hernfriends. They say she sounded panicked and it sounded like she hadnbeen crying.\" \"What time werenthey called?\" Dylan asked the speakerphone. \"Only threenminutes ago, they are on their way to the station. They should benthere any moment now.\" The doorbell rangnand Bosley let two young teens who both looked rather shocked in. \"Hello girls, cannyou help us?\" One of the girls, anshort Asian girl with long black hair, was looking bad at ease. Thenother girl, a short blond, had a challenging look on her face. Shenwas the first to break the uncomfortable silence that had built up inna short time. \"Can't you justnbreak this man's door in? Our friend is out there, in pain ornworse, waiting to be shot! You are just sitting here like a bunch ofnwannabe hero's!\" \"We can understandnyour frustration but there isn't much we can do.\" \"Nilaine, theyndon't know about Mr. Cortez, do they?\" \"They are reallynbad detectives if they haven't figured it out.\" \"Who is Mr.nCortez?\" Dylan asked. \"He is our Spanishnteacher at school. He is the one who kidnapped her.\" \"Do you have anpicture?\" Nathalie asked. The blond gave themna picture of Mr. Cortez. The teacher was indeed the same man who thenguard had seen and who had followed the girls into the electronicsnstore earlier. \"Why would yournteacher want to kidnap your friend?\" Alex asked. \"She knowsnsomething about him. He isn't who he says to be. Obviously he isntrying to cover it up. His criminal experience and his little friendsnwould manage to cover their tracks as good as they have done.\" The Angels looked atneach other. Bingo, they had a motive. \"Thanknyou so much for your help. I think we know where to go next.\" \"You'renwelcome.\" The little black-haired girl murmured. \"Hardly.\" Thenblond added with a hard look on her young face. The friends walkednout together. \"The blond did notnseem to like us at all.\" Nathalie said. \"She doesn'tntrust us. I know I wouldn't.\" Dylan said. Nathalie and Alexnlooked at her with a surprised look. \"Her best friendnwas kidnapped by a teacher and we haven't really been making a lotnof progress. I think their friend made them panic. Demetra Haley isntrying not to be found. Something tells me they are holding a gun tonher head right at this very moment.\"[Chapter 2] A/N: I know it's been a long time since I updated but I got a review (yey, thank you!!) So I decided to write another Chapter for the story :) I hope you like it. Enjoy. \"Where do we go now?\" Dylan asked. \"We visit the teacher.\" Alex said. The angels got in the car and drove towards the school the girls were at. \"Nasty looking place.\" Dylan noted. \"Does it look like your old school?\" Alex asked. \"No, it looks like they actually like learning here.\" Dylan said. The angels all started laughing and walked into the school. Nathalie walked up to the reception. \"I'm looking for a Mr. Cortez?\" \"Ooh, the Spanish teacher. He's in the last classroom in that hall.\" The receptionist said, pointing to a hallway. Nathalie shrugged and walked ahead of the others. Alex walked into the classroom without knocking. \"Mr. Cortez, we need to talk.\" The whole class started jeering and the teacher followed Alex out of class. \"What is going on?\" He asked her. \"We are investigating the possible kidnapping of Demetra Harley, she was one of your students.\" \"Miss Harley, yes I remember her and her strange disappearance. Do you think I had something to do with this?\" \"We have our reasons to suspect it.\" \"I have nothing to do with this. I saw the tape of the kidnapping on the police station. I just know that the guy is the boyfriend of one of the Devils.\" \"The Devils?\" Nathalie asked. \"They are some sort of gang. They call themselves the Free Devils. If hell exists, they came from it.\" \"And you think this gang is behind the kidnapping?\" Alex asked. \"Pretty sure. I just don't know what they want with Demetra.\" \"Thank you Mr. Cortez. Where can we find these Devils?\" \"The Misdeed Drift. The local bar downtown.\" At the Misdeed Drift. \"Spread out and keep your ears open. We are looking for a group of people calling themselves Devils.\" Alex said. Dylan and Nathalie nodded and walked off. Dylan walks up to the bar and orders a drink. Nathalie sits at a table near a group of strange looking guys. Alex stands near a door at the back of the bar. \"So, what are you doing here? Haven't seen you around before.\" A hot guy asks Dylan as he sits next to her. \"Just came to town, thought I'd get to know the people.\" Dylan lies. \"If you're any good you should go to the other bar. This is the lair of the beast.\" \"What do you mean?\" Dylan asks, pretending to be confused. \"This is the place where the Free Devils party. They don't tolerate fools. They will be here any moment now.\" \"The Free Devils?\" Dylan asked, pulling her blond wig. \"Yeah, three guys and their girlfriends. Everybody knows they are absolutely lethal but the cops have nothing on them. They are harder to catch than smoke is.\" Nathalie is talking to a girl who seems a little nervous. \"What's got you so nervous?\" She asks. \"The Devils are coming. If it weren't for Jason I wouldn't be here.\" \"Who is Jason.\" \"My boyfriends. I made a deal with them. They would get him back to me for cash. Of course I paid them. I just want to get Jason and get out.\" \"They are going to bust him out of jail?\" \"No his old gang had him hostage, cops would do nothing saying he was a gang member that was just hanging with friends.\" \"So you went to these Devils?\" \"They were the only ones that could help.\" Alex is watching Dylan and Nathalie talk as a guy walks up to her. \"Hey can I get you a drink?\" \"No.\" She says. \"Do you want…\" \"Uh-uh.\" \"Maybe I can…\" \"Uh-uh.\" \"Shall I get you…\" \"Uh-uh.\" The guy walks away disappointed as the door opens. A blond woman with high heels walks in on the arm of a dangerous looking tall dark-haired man. They are followed by an Asian woman who looks like she would kill you for looking at her in the wrong way. She is followed by a tall, olive skinned man who looks like he fights on a regular basis. All of them look absolutely lethal and dangerous. Trailing behind them is a young man, looking nervous and a bit pale. The girl that was talking to Nathalie quickly walks up to him and drags him out of the bar. The newcomers don't even look back. Another man walks in. Tall, blond, skinnier than his friends and looking truly frightening without his most obvious feature. On the left side of his neck is a huge scar like somebody tried to cut his throat from both right to left as from up and down resulting in a huge diagonal scar. \"It looks like one of the she-Devils is missing.\" The man noted to Dylan. \"What?\" \"There is always six of them. The three woman and the three man. The blond one with the scar in his neck is the boyfriend of the missing Devil.\" \"Is his name Sergey Locovic?\" \"That's one of his names. His real name is known only inside that cozy little group.\" \"Hey!\" Natalie said as she joined Dylan. \"Having a nice time?\" \"Yeah, this guy is really nice.\" Nathalie smiled at the guy. \"I'm sorry but we've got to go. Alex just told me Charlie has some new information.\" \"I'm sorry but we've to go.\" Dylan said and she and Nathalie quickly followed Alex out the bar. \"Charlie called. Sergey has an alibi. Apparently he was at this pub that night. They have over a dozen witnesses.\" \"I know. The guy I was talking to told me that the man with the scar is Sergey.\" \"But there was no scar on the tape.\" Nathalie objected. \"He must have hired somebody else.\" Alex said. At that moment a group of guys walked past, including a blond man whose posture matched the one they saw on the video perfectly. The angels walk after the group, completely silent. The men walk into an old building and one of them looks around before closing the door. \"It looks like we found our guy.\" Nathalie whispered and they stalked to the door. They open it up and walk inside. \"Now this is something you don't see every day.\" Alex says as they walk into an old theater. The angels walk onto the stage and make their way backstage. A girl is tied on a chair. Demetra Harley. She looks panicky and scared. \"It's ok. We're here to save you.\" Nathalie tells the girls as she cuts the ropes that bind her to the chair. \"Where are those guys?\" Demetra asks, looking around panicky. \"My friends will find them.\" Nathalie assures her. Alex and Dylan walk into a dressing room where they hear voices. They see blondy and the other man sitting around a poker table. There is another door on the other side of the dressing room. Alex is about to kick in the door when the door opposite to theirs is kicked open by the blond woman from the bar. The Asian woman comes in next. The blond woman pulls out a sword which is obviously blunt. One of the man laughs and attacks her. The blond Devil hits the man with the sword and the Angels see the electric current pass through his body. The Asian woman fights hand to hand in a way that impresses even the Angels. \"What are they?\" Alex asks Dylan. \"How about skilled fighters who like technology and martial arts.\" \"That might be it.\" \"Should we go in?\" \"Yes.\" Alex says and they burst into the room. They fight of a few of the man while the Devils deal with the others. When all the man are down the blonde one looks at the Angels calculation. \"Do we?\" \"Let them be.\" The Asian woman says. \"They have as much need for secrecy as we do.\" The Devils turned around and run away. Dylan and Alex run back to Nathalie and Demetra. \"What happened?\" Nathalie asks as she sees the faces of her fellow Angels. \"We saw the Devils fight. They are nearly better than we are.\" Alex explains. \"And they cheat.\" Dylan adds, explaining about the electric swords. \"Wow!\" Nathalie says. \"It's cool and all but why would they let you go like that? It doesn't make sense.\" \"Can I go home now?\" Demetra asks them, bringing them back to the present. \"Yes.\" Alex says and they take Demetra back to her parents. After Demetra thanked them a lot for their help in freeing her they went back to the agency. They told Bosley and Charlie all about the so called Devils and decided they needed to know more. \"We have to find out why they blocked us.\" Alex said. \"What they are doing in their free time.\" Dylan added. \"And how to stop them, just in case.\" Nathalie finished. A/N: Thank you for reading! Please Review! Thank you very much. ","Summary":" AngelsnVS Devils Chaptern1: The Harley case. \"Nathalie! I'vengot him. Get Alex here! Time to fly h"},{"Movie":"Annie","Title":"Molly's hard knock life","Author":"Annie1999fan","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12710203","Passage":"[Chapter 1] My name is Molly and I'm the youngest orphan in Annie. I was born on November 26th 1929. My mommy and daddy said I was an easy baby and almost never cried. I loved my mommy and daddy and we were all very happy together. My Daddy worked in a factory and Mommy sewed dresses for other women, we were a little poor but we were all happy. On my first birthday we had a small party with cake that my daddy was lucky to be able o afford. That year I got a new dolly from my mom her name was Emily and I still have Emily today. One day before Christmas my parents took me to see Santa Claus. I was not the biggest fan of Santa and I started crying and mommy had to take me off his lap and leave. The next summer mommy and Daddy took me to a carnival. I loved all them rides and my favorite one was the merry-go-round. I went on it 5 rimes my daddy won me a purple horse at one of th games, and I loved him very much. By the time we got home I was fast asleep and Mommy Carrie me upstairs to bed. Then my second and third birthday cake and went. On my last Christmas I would ever have with my parents we went to see Santa again and this tim I was not afraid of him and I sat on his lap and van gave him a big hug. I didn't know that that would be my last Christmas for with a family for a while. Just a few days after my 4th birthday my mommy and daddy went out to the movies and left me with my neighbor Mrs. Jones. She was a nice old lady and played with m and put me to bed. She even sang me my favorite song. Only a few hours later Mrs. Jones came into my room and told m she had some sad news. When I got into the living room, there was a big scary looking police officer and I started to cry and ran for Mrs. Jones. She told me not to worry I wasn't in trouble and he was a nice man. He told me that sadly, my mommy and daddy were killed in a car accident on their way home from the movies and I was an \"orphan\" and I had to go to an \"orphanage\" I did not know what those words meant so I just packed a bag of a few belongings and went back to bed. Th next morning I ate a big breakfast of pancakes, bacon and sausages, my favorite breakfast. I asked Mrs. Jones why I couldn't stay with her and she explained that she loved me very much but she was too old to care for me so I had to go to an orphanage. When she brought me to the orphanage(the New York City Municipal Orphanage) it looked really scary and I started to cry and said I didn't want to go in. \"Maybe it's nicer inside honey let's ring the bell and see who's there.\" After ringing the doorbell a very mean and scary fat lady with really big boobies and too much lipstick answered the door. \"Yeah? What do you want.\" \"This is Molly I'm Mrs Jones, her neighbor unfortunately her parents were killed in an accident so they told ,e to send here here.\" \"Alright another orphan brat for me to take care of. Well lady get the heck outta here.\" The fat lady said her name was Miss. Hannigan and she wasn't nice at all! The orphanage looks really big and scary and dirty. I saw kids scrubbing floors and working at sewing machines. After Miss. Hannigan brought me to her office and slammed the door she looked at me and said \"Ok Molly we have some rules here that ya gotta follow. Number one address me as Miss. Hannigan, number two, you must say I love you Miss. Hannigan and number three never tell a lie!\" She then went to a closet and threw a very old ripped dress and told me to put it on and there was nothing else for me to wear and I had to keep the shoes I had on. She brought me upstairs to one of the dormitories with about six other girls and said , \" Ok brat this is your room and you must stay here until I say so, understand.\" \"Yes, Miss. Hannigan.\" Once she left me in the room I noticed one of the girls with short red hair looked much friendlier and nicer than the other ones. When she saw me looking scared she came over to me and said, \"Hi I'm Annie I know Hannigan is mean but I'll take care of you. This is Pepper, Duffy, July, Kate and Tessie\" pointing to other girls. The girl Pepper look d really mean and grouchy. \"Hi everyone I'm Molly.\" I said shyly. Then, noticing there was only 6 beds and there wasn't one for me I started to cry because I did not want to slap on the floor. Annie came up to me and hugged me and said \"It's ok, Molly you can sleep in my bed I don't mind.\" \"But that smelly rat will wet the bed and keep us all up at night screamin' for her mama!\" That was Pepper Annie gave her a really man look and told me just to ignore her and that she'd never let her hurt me. That night at dinner we had a really nasty bowl of mush, it tasted awful but I learned that in the orphanage it was either mush or nothing so I decided to eat it anyway. That night I slept in bed with Annie. I told her I felt really scared and I wanted my mommy. She held me tight and she told me that I could call her Mommy if I wanted to as she would s anything to take care of me. I told her I loved her and she was my new favorite person from then on. That night I awoke from a nightmare and I noticed that Annie wasn't next to me so I started calling for her. Luckily she was just sitting at the window ledge and came rushing to my side and asked if I had a nightmare. She started telling me about her parents and how they were going to come for her someday and she r as me their note. After she read the note I asked her to sing to me as she gladly did and I fell asleep in her arms once again. And that was my first night at New York City Municipal Orphanage[Chapter 2] The first year seems to drag on endlessly. We got up at the crack of dawn every morning by the shrill of Miss. Hannigan's whistle. Then she'd make us scrub the floors and work on our sewing machines from morning till night, sometimes forgetting to feed us breakfast lunch and dinner. Luckily Annie was able to sneak some slices of bread for me. Miss. Hannigan only let us take a cold shower once a week in the scary basement. Summer was hot and sweaty and the orphanage had no air conditioning. The only time we ever got to go out was when Miss. Hannigan marched us to and from church on Sunday mornings. I hated the winter because it was cold and my shoes were worn out and had holes in them and snow got into my shoes and made my feet cold. For my 5th birthday there was no cake or singing or presents. Well all I got was a new pair of shoes that were a size too small. No one even wished me a happy birthday but Annie. She told me that once she found her parents she would come back for me and I'd live with them forever.i hoped that was soon! In the orphanage I became close with Duffy she's only two years older than I am so we became really good friends. I also became close with Kate, because she's protective and takes care of me just as good as Annie does. I'm pretty close with July and Tessie but she's always worrying about things and says \"oh my goodness\" which makes Pepper mad. Pepper picks on me constantly because I'm the littlest and I cry easily. She says I'm a clingy baby I just stick my tongue out at her and tell her to shut up.. Annie told me that I should stand up for myself to Pepper. She said it's a good idea for me to be strong but sometimes Pepper scars me too much. But luckily July Tessie Kate and Annie stick up for me, sometimes they even get into big fights with Pepper. Nobody ever comes to the orphanage. The only person who really comes is Miss. Hannigan's brother that calls himself a chicken but he does t even look like a chicken! He's really mean and scary looking, but Annie told me she would never let him go near me. He normally only comes when he wants money because he goes to jail a lot because he a very bad man. Sometimes he even brings a girlfriend with him that's just as ugly as he is. The only man I like who comes to the orphanage is Mr. undoes, the laundry man. He collects our dirty sheets and gives us new ones onc a month. He's really fat like Miss. Hannigan but he's nice and sort of funny. He makes me happy when I see him because he's the only adult who's nice to me. …. One night in December Annie told us she was going to run away to find her parents. She's tri d to run away at least 10 times since I've arrived and she's always been caught each time. She told me that tonight she wasn't getting caught and she was finding her parents for sure. But I started to cry because I was gonna miss Annie so much, but Kate told me that she'd take care of me while Annie was gone. That made me feel a lot better. Annie read her note to me one last time before she left. She rads her note on a daily basis of about 10 times a week. I love her note but Pepper gets sick of hearing it. \"So long dumb kid you're gonna get caught anyway.\" Said Pepper as annie was leaving the dormitory \"Oh yeah! Watch me!\" Then she left, but no more than 10 minutes later Annie was being carried by the collar of her dress by Miss Hannigan, as usual being caught for trying to run away. Hiss Hannigan said she was going to paddle Annie if she tried to run away again and made us clean the floors with no dinner or breakfast that morning. \"Told ya dumb kid! Your folks are probably dead why else has it taken so long for them to come for ya?\" \"Shut up Pepper! Annie has a note sayin' that her mama and daddy are comin' for her someday right Annie?\" I was trying so hard to stick up for myself to Pepper because I knew Annie's parents were going to come for her one day. Annie's gave me a hug and said to Pepper, \"She's right shut up!\" Even though we had no dinner or breakfast and we had to clean for the rest of rh night I was happy Annie was back for good. By the time Christmas rolled around I found out that Christmas in the orphanage was like no other day. Drab and dreary. No presents or a Christmas tree or decorations or even a Santa clause. I told Annie that I used to see Santa with my parents on Christmas and I missed him. I told her how my parents gave me the best Christmas they could and I was always happy with my new toys. Annie told me she really wished she could've met Santa and seen a real Christmas tree. One day I went up to Miss Hannigan and asked. \"Miss Hannigan is there a Santa Clause?\" \"Why yes there is my darling!\" My eyes lit up and the thought of Christmas presents. \"But he does t come to orphanages and give presents to dirt little brats like you!\" She laughed and ignored my tears. Pepper thinks Santa is dumb and for babies I don't believe her though I told her she had a brain full of mashed potatoes and she shut up after that. So in the orphanage there was nothing happy or cheerful about Christmas or any other day, during my first year even when Annie tried to make me happy by giving me hugs and kisses I just hated my Hard Knock Life.[Chapter 3] Note: thank you so much to everyone who commented, followed and favorited! These next few chapters are going to go as how the 1999 movie goes and there are going to be lines from the movie and show. I'm also going to be working on a thanksgiving story too! Another year seemed to drag on endlessly. Annie has tried to run away numerous times but she never succeeded. My 6th birthday came and went with, again no singing birthday cake or presents. Just a birthday kiss from Annie. Soon it was two weeks b fore Christmas. I've been waking up from a lot more scary nightmare than usual and it always gets Pepper mad that I keep them up all night. On one particular night around 3am I had a pretty bad dream I can't remember what but suddenly I woke up yelling \"Mama! Mommy! Mama\" \"Molly shut up!\" \"MAMA MOMMY!\" \"Molly wake up and shut up si I can go back to sleep\" Pepper was really starting to get mad now then July and Kate woke up \"Yeah leave Molly alone!\" Couldn't July always be this nice to me not only when I have a nightmare and woke everyone up? Then pepper and July got into a really big fight and everyone was yelling and I jumped onto Duffy's bed then Annie came to the rescue from sitting at the windowsill. Her insomnia has been far worse than ever, I think she was really starting to want to run away again, she never sleeps when she's planning on running away. She broke up the fight shoving pepper off of July \"Stop it! Lay off July! If Hannigan wakes up she'll get sore\" finally everyone stopped fighting and Annie came and picked me up from the floor and gently put m back into bed. \"It's ok Molly you were just having a nightmare.\" \"I want my mommy and daddy\" Annie put a comforting arm around me and leave it to Pepper to say something mean. \"Um Molly we don't have mommies and daddies and we event never gonna have them anymore that's why were called orphans.\" Annie being her brave tough usual self pushed pepper off the bed knowing that she is NOT an orphan and won't let anyone ever call her one. \"I'm not an orphan! My parents are alive and they're comin' to get me someday.\" Trying to stand up for myself and be tough like Annie I stuck out my tongue and said \"Yeah and Annie's got a note to prove it haha!\" Pepper shut up after that then I asked Annie to read me her note, of course Pepper was already getting tired of hearing her note over and over. \"Oh boy here we go again…\" Annie started reading her note to me and Pepper mockingly started reciting the note and the other girls joined in on her, after they were done Annie went up to Pepper and asked if she wanted to sleep with her teeth inside of her mouth or our everyone shut up and went to bed after that. She then came back and tucked me in for the second time that night. \"You really think they're out there Annie?\" \"Yep and I'm gonna meet them someday\" She started to sing one of my favorite songs, \"Maybe\" she started singing about if her parents lived far away o nearby. I soon found myself falling asleep as Annie was singing and she gently put me to bed. It seemed only minutes later when Annie told Pepper that she was gonna run away and she had to watch our for me (yeah like that'll ever happen). Tessie told Annie that she was crazy and Miss Hannigan will catch her of course she said she wouldn't even though she always does when she runs away. Annie walked out the door and no more than 10 minutes later was she being pulled by the collar of her dress once again by Miss Hannigan. Even though I didn't want Annie to leave I was glad she was caught and I wouldn't have to be alone again. Miss Hannigan made us all scrub the floors till it shined like the top of h Chrysler building. As we scrubbed we sang about what a hard knock life we have and we have empty bellies and cotton blankets and no one to be there if our dreams a night got creepy. I couldn't agree more we did have a hard knock life! Today, I realized was Laundry Day, when Mr Bundles came to collect our dirty sheets and give us new ones. He is the only man that's ever been nice to me at the orphanage. As he was flirting with Miss Hannigan Annie got this brilliant idea that she would hide in the laundry basket to run away. I got sad at this but Kate whispered to me that she'd take care of me. Annie successfully hid herself in the laundry basket she ran away for good! As soon as Bundles rolled out with the dirty laundry Miss Hannigan made us all line up for what she calls \"morning roll call\" in which we have to stand at our beds and say the hated phrase \"we love you Miss Hannigan\". When Miss Hannigan finally came down to Annie's bed she noticed that Annie went there. \"Annie get your little orphan self out her!\" \"Miss Hannigan Annie ain't here!\" Duffy said next to me. \"Really where is she?\" \"Mr. Bundles rolled her out with the dirty laundry!\" Miss Hannigan started going nuts and ran out h door trying to stop the laundry truck that was half way down the street. We all laughed at how silly Miss Hannigan looked and we started cheering about Annie's good luck with running away! \"No more hard knock life for Annie!\" \"Hooray!\" I started too get sad because my Annie was gone forever. I was glad that she was finally going to find her mommy and daddy but I was going to miss her so much and I started to cry. Little did I know that Annie would be coming back the very next morning.[Chapter 4] A/n heres Chapter 4 everyone! Thank you so much for the rates comments and follows! I hope youre all having just As much fun reading this as I am writing this! Yes I'm going to come back to When Oliver Met Annie after this. I missed Annie so much for the rest of the day. Kate tried her best to take care of m and sing me to sleep that night. She was almost as good as Annie but I really wanted to have Annie hold and sing to me. The next morning was like any other day, we got up at 5am scrubbed the floors and windows then went down to our sewing machines for the rest of the day. At around 11:00 we heard the doorbell ring. We knew it was Annie being brought back by a police officer. We all crowded around the door and there was Annie being lead back to the orphanage by a scary looking police officer. Miss Hannigan hugged Annie and said something like how much she missed her and started flirting with the police officer. We knew Annie was gonna be in a lot of trouble and I got scared and jumped into Kate's arms, she held me until Miss Hannigan came in dragging Annie in by the collar of her dress. \"Alright show's over back to your rooms! Ans YOU if the Board of Orphans finds out about this they'll start nosin' around here and I could lose my job\" We didn't want to miss this so of course we didn't go to our rooms, we listened from the top of the stairs. \"I thought you hated your job! \"Oh I love my job it's kids I hate now wait here and I'm gonna cook up your punishment and it's gonna be a doozy\" Tessie came up with this brilliant idea to trick Miss Hannigan into seeing a \"mouse\". Of course there was no mouse and Kate stomped on her foot ans as the res5 of them were laughing at their prank I ran into Miss Hannigan's room and hid behind the door. She told us to scram and opened the door to her room ans I jumped out and said BOO! That got her! I was so glad to have Annie back but I didn't want Miss Hannigan to punish her bad. She never really hit us with her paddle but it scared us when she threatened to paddle us. We didn't want to miss what would happen next so we crowded around Miss Hannigan's office door to try to eavesdrop on their conversation. It sounded to me like Annie' s punishment was going to scrub the whole orphanage with a toothbrush. Just as Miss Hannigan was about to make Annie scrub the floor with s toothbrush a very pretty rich looking lady who was black like Duffy and wearing really fancy clothes asked into the orphanage. I thought she wanted to come to adopt Duffy. \"Hey Duffy Maybe She's here to adopt you! She has your skin color!\" \"Nah she looks too rich to be my mama maybe she wants someone to clean her mansion for the holidays.\" \"It'll probably be Annie since she deserves it after what she did.\" \"Shut up Pepper I cant hear what's going on in there with ya yappin'\" Turns out the rich lady was some rich man named Oliver Warbucks's secretary and she wanted an orphan to spend the holidays with him at his home. Of course Annie was the one chosen. I was happy that Annie got to go away for Christmas but I was sad at the same time too because two weeks without Annie was a really long time. Just a minute later she came out with the rich lady saying, \"Hey kids I get to go away for Christmas!\" \"Hooray! Bye Annie!\" We shouted and waved to her as she left the orphanage. She promised she'd write to us from wherever that place was. Wow Annie was going to stay with a rich man for two weeks! Even though I was going to miss her I couldn't wait to hear about her time there. \"Wow Annie's so lucky she gets to spend the holidays at a rich man's house\" I said to Pepper a few minutes later as we were working on our sewing machines. \"Yeah lucky brat she runs away then almost gets in trouble then some nice rich lady comes to take her way. Lucky brat.\" \"Shut up Pepper.\" She shut up and went back to her sewing machine. … It' s been a week since Annie went to stay with this Warbucks man. She's written us many letters telling us of all the great adventures she was having. She saw he first broadway play, a movie every night breakfast in bed and best of all she didn't get to clean or do any work! It sure sounded like she was having a great time. I really missed having Annie around to protect me from Pepper and Miss Hannigan nd sing me to sleep, but Kate has been trying her hardest to take care of me like Annie did. A week later Annie wrote us a letter saying that Oliver Warbucks wanted to adopt her but she told him that she really wanted to find her real parents. Oliver put every FBI and G-man on the case to dine Annie' parents. I really hoped she could find her parents because she promised me that when she found them she'd come back for me and they'd adopt me. I really hoped she could find them soon I was talking to Kate about Annie finding her parents that night. \"I really hope Annie finds her mama and daddy!\" \"Me too but what if they're dead?\" \"No! Annie told me they're out there they left a note saying they'd come for her someday ans Oliver Warbucks sounds like a very powerful man I'm sure he'll find them.\" \"You're right lets get some sleep\" she kissed me goodnight then we went to bed. The next night Miss Hannigan left us alone at the orphanage so we all decided to sneak into her office and listen to our favorite radio program Bert Healy's Hour Of The Smiles. When Duffy whistled to us that meant it was safe to come out of our hiding places. We love the Hour Of Smiles and tonight we had a surprise! Annie was on the radio! She didn't mention this to us in her last letter she probably wanted us to be surprised! I was so excited to hear Annie's voice! \"Annie's on the radio!\" Pepper was the only one who couldn't care less \"Who cares?\" \"Shh!\" We made her shut up so we could listen. Bert invited Annie and Oliver on the show so Annie could announce that they're having a cost to coast search for her parents and the couple that shows proof was offered a $50,000 reward! Kate gasped \"$50,000!?\" \"You're all a bunch of saps was cares is Annie's on the radio!\" Pepper grumbled to us, mostly me. \"I care!\" \"Me too!\" Duffy stood up on th desk and started to do a Bert Healy impression. \"This is Bert Healy sayin' hey hobo man hey dapper dan you may both got your style you're never fully dr seed without a smile!\" Soon everyone including Pepper joined in dancing and singing around the office. Of course it was stopped abruptly by Miss Hannigan! She always ruins everything . \"Do I hear happiness in here?! That's more like it.\" After we just sat there looking at her then I went to tell her that Annie was on the radio. She told us to get back to our room before she paddled us. Kate, always thinking about food asked \"But what about our dinner?\" \"What about it!\" \"I knew you was gonna be bad tonight so I punished you ahead of time no scatter!\" With that we left the to go to our room. I was so excited that Annie May be Finding her parents sooner than I thought then she can come back to get me! That night I dreamed of me Annie and her parents living happily together. Her mom made us lots of clothes and played the piano and her dad played games with us and read us stories. I was so happy for Annie and I couldn't wait to be her sister officially.[Chapter 5] A few days later, on Christmas Day Miss Hannigan and her chicken brother left us in the care of the chicken's girlfriend, Lily the \"dumb hotel\" as Miss Hannigan puts it.i saw Miss Hannigan and Rooster leaving the orphanage in strange old costumes. I wasn't sure what they were doing or where they were going, it looked like they were going to a Halloween patty. Lily looked about 20 years younger than Rooster and her dress shoes her boobies and she wore too much red lipstick. I asked her why she wasn't with Miss Hannigan and Rooster doing whatever it was they were doing. \"Why aren't you with Miss Hannigan and Rooster? I can see your boobies!\" She covered her chest with her coat and said in a grumpy voice \"Rooster wouldn't Let me so they made me be stuck here watching you brats.\" Most of the morning was spent like no other day, cleaning, scrubbing and sewing. No Christmas hugs or presents or Santa. We did make do with a tiny plant with old ornaments Pepper found in the basement. We decided to challenge Lily in a game of poker. Of course we kept beating her! \"Darn lost again! Haven't u ever played poker before!?\" Lily asked Pepper \"Beginner's luck how much does she owe us?\" Kate kept score \"$450\" \"Hey where am I supposed to get that kinda loot! Hey I'll be rollin' around in it when Hannigan and Rooster get back from Warbucks.\" Now I knew exactly where Miss Hannigan and Rooster went! They were gonna do something bad to Annie and use her for Mr Warbucks reward money! We had to save Annie! \"Hey that's where Annie is!\" That got her now Lily spilled the beans and she probably wasn't even supposed to tell us. \"Opps…\" \"What's goin' on? Spill the beans!\" We crowded around Lily so she couldn't escape. We finally got her to confess that Rooster and Hannigan were indeed going to Warbucks's house to steal Annie for the reward money. I told her that we need to go and save Annie before they took her away, they're bad mean people! I didn't want anything bad happening to Annie! Since Lily didn't know how to drive she made us all walk to the mansion. \"It's too long of a walk!\" I complained to Kate \"Here, get on my back\" July and Tessie helped me into Kate's back. It was a really long walk but we couldn't give up on Annie. Kate and July took turns carrying me until we arrived at Oliver Warbucks's 5th avenue mansion. I've never seen anything so big and pretty! I thought we accidentally walked to a train station. \"Miss Lily I think we're at a train station\" \"No you dummy it's Oliver Warbucks's mansion. I overheard Hannigan and Rooster talking about it what am I dumb?\" Lily went up to the front door first. The men at the door wouldn't let her in. They grabbed her arms and held her. She twisted away from them while shouting \"Unwind me!\" We heard a gruff man's voice most likely Rooster \"What are you doin' here Lily!?\" \"Makin' sure I get me piece of cake! I want my Moolan!\" Then all hell broke loose Miss Hannigan and Rooster tried to rub for it! When Miss Hannigan ran to the door we jumped out at her saying in our most sarcastic voices \"We LOVE you Miss Hannigan!\" She tried to make a break for it but the president wheeled himself out of the crowd of maids and revealed Miss Hannigan, Rooster and Lily as criminals. I couldn't believe we were in the same room as the president! I was so happy to see Annie again she gave me a quick hug and stood with us. We were all scared that Miss Hannigan was gonna hurt Annie. But soon she was whisked out the doors by a couple of FBI agents along with Rooster and Lily. Well that was the end of her! No more hard knock life for us! Annie ran up. To us hugging us, me first of course. \"Miss Hannigan's gone forever!\" \"Yay! Hurray!\" We jumped around with Annie we were so excited to finally be out of the orphanage and no more cleaning or nasty mush! The president wheeled up to us and said to Annie that he had some sad news. Her real parents were David and Margret Bennett, they unfortunately passed away a few years ago. I felt so bad for Annie, but knowing her she found a bright side of it the situation,she wasn't a Mudge and now she could officially become Oliver Warbucks's daughter! He gave her a nice new locket and even asked Miss Farrell to marry him! Now she was gonna have a real mommy and daddy! President Rosevelt told us that we were going to get adopted to fine upstanding families! We cheered and hugged him. Miss Farrell announced that Annie picked out Christmas presents for all of us under the Christmas tree! We spent the rest of the day playing with our new toys, enjoying a Christmas dinner with President Roosevelt himself and of course getting to be with Annie again was the best! I couldn't believe that she was gonna live here forever! \"I can't believe this is your house! It's huge! We thought it was a train station.\" \"I know I thigh this place was huge too! I'm so happy o finally found parents!\" \"Yeah I'm happy for you too.\" Annie noticed I sounded a bit sad. She cam up and hugged me \"It's ok Molly Daddy will find a home for you! I'm gonna ask if you guys can sleep over tonight.\" I smiled at this \"Ok! Thanks Annie!\" She hugged me close again. The next morning after a late night of talking and catching up with Annie we went downstairs for breakfast. I couldn't believe how much food was on the table! \"Good morning girls\" Miss Farrell said to us, then turning to me she said \"Molly we have a surprise for you!\" \"R ally!? What is it?\" Miss Farrell bent down to my level and hugged me \"Well me and Oliver were talking last night and we wanted to know if you would like it if we adopted you!\" My eyes lit up at this. I was gonna have a new mama and daddy! \"Adopt me? You mean you'd be my mama and Mr Oliver will be my daddy?\" \"Yes if that's alright with you.\" I couldn't believe it! I was gonna have a new mommy and daddy and Annie was gonna be my sister! Realizing this I ran up to her and gave her the biggest hug. \"And Annie you're gonna be my sister!\" \"That's right kiddo yay we're always a sister to me and now you. Really are my sister!\" She held me close for a minute then I jumped into Mama and Daddy's arms as excited as I've ever been. \"I love you mama and daddy!\" \"We love you too princess.\" I was so happy to finally have a new mommy and daddy again and best of all Annie and I would officially become sisters! I couldn' for all the fun memories we'd share together as a family. This would be a Christmas to remember always. The end I hope you all had fun reading this! ","Summary":" My name is Molly and I'm the youngest orphan in Annie. I was born on November 26th 1929. My mommy a"},{"Movie":"Charlie's Angels: The Movie","Title":"A Night To Remember","Author":"TaladarkieJJ","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4070705","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A Night To Remember Summary: A few months after the showdown with Seamus and Madison Lee, Dylan can't seem to forget a certain bad boy. Setting: Some time after Charlie's Angels: Full Throttle. Pairing: Dylan/Anthony Disclaimer: I don't own any of the characters. Dylan.. I remember coming to the same bar when I thought my friends were better off without me. Seamus O'Grady was after them because of my past with him. So I left them, to keep them safe. But I soon realized they probably would be in even more danger without me then when I would stick around. They were my friends after all. We would have to fight this together. We always made a strong team. Now I was here because of an entirely different reason. I wanted to forgot something or better someone. Someone who was supposed to be my enemy. That same someone had saved me from my deranged ex boyfriend, Seamus. Anthony or \"Creepy Thin Man\" as Alex liked to call him, our favorite assassin. That night on the rooftop of the Theatre he hadn't seemed that \"Creepy\". I wouldn't have kissed him if I thought he was. I kissed him. I let him kiss me. We kissed eachother. I had no regrets whatsoever. It was hard to believe. When we talked to Mother Superior I couldn't help but see him in a different light. There was so much to learn about him. Someone who was raised in a Catholic Orphanage couldn't be all bad, I refused to believe that. Everyone has a good side. Well most people that is. And when he saved Max at the Coal Bowl, I just knew there had to be some good inside of him. When we caught each others eyes, I felt some sort of connection between us. It was all very strange. I wanted to get to know the \"real\" Anthony. Now that would never happen. He paid a high price when he saved my life. He had kicked Seamus of the roof, or at least he thought he had. It all happened so fast, one minute we were kissing each other and the next.. He got stabbed with his own sword and fell of the roof. Seamus . How I hate him. Even when he is dead, I still hate his guts. He took Anthony away from me. I know it sounds pretty crazy, but I really think it could have worked between us. At least we could have tried but no , that Irish bastard had to ruin everything. I knew I had to let go but it wasn't that easy, not even after 3 months. I sat down almost at the very end of the bar. I really wasn't in the mood for any guys drooling over my ass like the last time. That same ass Seamus liked so much. It gave me goosebumps just to think about it. I ordered myself a glass of red wine. I took a glance around the place. It wasn't a busy night. There were only two guys sitting on the other end, drinking and laughing. I looked at my drink. Hopefully this would make me feel better. I smiled bitterly and took a sip from it, just trying to forget. What else was there to do? Anthony.. I really needed to get out of my room. I had been staying in my apartment for nearly 3 months now, recuperating from the fall. Fresh air would be nice for a change. I remember that night like it was only yesterday. Seamus falling on top of me, intense pain ripping through my entire body. Seamus wasn't exactly a very light person. To top it off he had also been pierced by my rapier, in a deadly way. I didn't feel sorry for him in the least. He had deserved it. Sneaking up behind, stabbing me, taking Dylan away from me. No one and I mean no one , did that. Earlier that night that same Irish tug had tried to kill Dylan who I fought a couple of times myself. She was something special. Not only her hair but everything else about her had this effect on me.. I couldn't explain it. Maybe that's why I kissed her.. Ever since the Coal Bowl, where I killed Emmers in order to save Max, I couldn't stop thinking about her. She had been really surprised when she found out it was I who saved Max. Maybe now she would see that I was able to do good things too. I knew assassination wasn't a very respectable bussiness to be in. I can't even remember why I choose this path. Maybe the quick money, which I needed to help the Orphanage, to prevent it from closing its doors. I couldn't let that happen. Mother Superior had always taken very good care of me. I felt obligated to return the favour. It was the home of all those children. It wasn't the Way of God, there was nothing good about killing people, but I turned out to be great at this particular 'job'. I could only hope that He would forgive me, someday. Or maybe he already did. Yes.. thinking about it.. I did survive a fall from a ten story building. I looked up at the sky and smiled. I mouthed a silent \"Thank you\". I wasn't sure how to interpret His answer when it started to rain. God moved in a mysterious way.. I shook my head and started to walk again. For the first time in quite awhile I felt at peace. I didn't even care if I got totally drenched. But when I came across a local bar I decided to go in and have a drink. It would be nice to relax a little. The place was as good as empty. There were only a few people inside. Good. I never liked those crowded places anyway. I straightened my jacket, smoothed my hair and walked in. Two very drunk men were sitting in the front. I smiled a small smile as I walked past them. They seemed to enjoy themselves very well. I walked towards the back. A woman had already occupied one of the seats there. I didn't know why but it was as if I knew her. She was sitting almost entirely in the dark and her face was turned away from me. I tried to shake the feeling and went to sit down but when she turned her head and looked at me, I couldn't move. I felt my mouth drop a few inches, but I quickly recovered. Dylan . Dylan.. I felt as if I had enough to drink. I debated with myself about staying or going home but when I looked over to the window I saw it was raining outside. The staying part won out. Besides that I didn't have anyone waiting for me at home. Nathalie had Pete and Alex had Jason. I ordered myself another glass of wine, before downing its content instantly. Soft music was playing in the background. I closed my eyes and I was momentarily taken back to that night on the rooftop. I shook my head, trying to clear my mind. No Dylan, don't you think about him.. It won't do you any good. I sighed and opened my eyes. I found myself looking directly into a pair of crystal blue eyes. No, it couldn't be.. I had to be dreaming. This was just an illusion or something.. My mind playing tricks on me. Sitting only a few feet away was Anthony, holding his cane in his left hand. Was this real? Oh dear god, let it be real. I wanted him to be real so badly. Anthony . I could see the mutual surprise in his blue ones. For a while we just stared at each other. I didn't know what to say. He was alive! How was this even possible? I saw him getting up from his seat and he slowly walked up to me. It seemed to last forever. He stopped in front of me and then took the seat next to mine, placing the cane on the counter. Oh God! Maybe I should go.. No! I can't just leave him. Remember Dylan you wanted to get to know him differently. You wanted him to be alive! I tried to calm down but it was extremely hard with the Thin Man, I mean Anthony, sitting right next to me. My heart was pounding like crazy. I didn't remember anyone ever having this effect on me. I couldn't take my eyes of him. It really was him! It wasn't just a dream.. I had no words for it. He ordered himself a Bacardi Black Ice. He did so by pointing at the bottle. I smirked. Somehow that drink really suited him. Just like that pinstripe suit, the cane and the ever present smell of cigarettes. It was so him. Just his hair wasn't slicked back anymore. Probably because of the rain. A few strands were hanging on each side of his face. Then he turned and looked intentively at me. I decided to speak up. \"You survived..\" I didn't know what else to say.. I was still getting over the initial shock. I received a nod from him. There was so much I wanted to say and ask. I just didn't know where to begin. He must have seen me struggling with myself as he smiled at me. I couldn't help but smile back. \"I'm happy you're alive.\" I blurted out. And I actually meant it too. I then hesitatingly placed my hand on top of his. At first I was afraid that I had been a little too bold but to my surprise he accepted it and gave it a gentle squeeze. I still had trouble believing that this was really happening. I just went out for a drink and ended up sitting next to a man who I thought had died a very violent death. Sometimes life could take some really strange turns. But now I didn't mind because they had given me back my Anthony. Yes.. My Anthony. Anthony.. I think she was even more surprised than me. I couldn't blame her. She had seen me fall of a roof with my rapier sticking out of my chest. She probably thought I was dead for sure. Even I knew I shouldn't have survived that. It was quite unbelievable. And what were the chances that you ended up at the same bar on a night like this in such a big city? If it hadn't rained I probably wouldn't have come inside. Could this be sheer coincidence? Or perhaps the work of God, playing match maker? Who knows? Maybe God decided to be merciful on me. Maybe I could still walk the path to redemption. I wanted to try. For me and for her. For once she was in the Dark and I in the Light. My angel was waiting for me. I got up from my seat and walked up to her. I could tell she was nervous. I wanted to assure her that everything would be fine. I sat down next to her and ordered myself a Bacardi Black Ice. From the corner of my eye I saw her smiling at me. Usually I was pretty good at putting up a cold facade but now I was having a very hard time keeping it that way. I turned to look at her. She was so beautiful when she smiled. She really looked like an Angel. I felt as if I could let my guard down. No cases. No assignments. It was just me and Dylan. \"You survived..\" she said and I simply nodded. I could see she was having trouble expressing herself which I completely understood. It wasn't everyday you started a conversation with a man who tried to kill you and your friends, more than once and then saved you. But I didn't want her to be uncomfortable. So I tried my best to be at ease and got rewarded. In return I got a dazzling smile from her. It made my heart leap. \"I'm happy you're alive.\" I wasn't sure if I heard it right. Did she actually mean it? She looked and sounded so sincere. When her hand touched mine I just knew she meant it. I gave it a light squeeze. I didn't know what I did to deserve this Angel. I only knew I would do anything to keep her. Dylan.. I didn't want to let go of his hand, afraid that it was indeed just a dream. Reluctantly I let go.. feeling a bit stupid. When I noticed my empty glass I got an idea. \"Well.. aren't you going to buy me one?\" I asked teasingly, waving the glass in front of him. A small grin formed on his lips and he nodded. \"I'll have the same you are having.\" He motioned for the Bartender and ordered another Bacardi Black Ice. I could feel that we were both much more at ease than just a couple minutes ago. I made another attempt at conversation. \"How?\" I asked him, refering to the fall. I wasn't sure if he knew what I meant but then I saw him taking a notepad and fountainpen out of his jacket. He wrote his answer down and then handed me the piece of paper. \"I don't know. I guess I got lucky.\" I smiled and nodded. Very lucky if you ask me. \"Sometimes we have to rely on a little bit of luck.\" I quietly said. He then took the note out of my hand and began to scribble something on the back before returning it. I had to admit I was rather curious of what he could have written down. I looked at the note in my hand. \"Why are you here alone? Where are your friends?\" Part of me was wondering if it was out of concern for me or that he was afraid that Alex and Nathalie would show up and kick his ass. Not that I would have let that happen. I knew I cared for him and from the way he acted I think he cared for me too. They would just have to learn to accept it. I realized that he was waiting for an answer. \"I just needed some time alone. To think certain things over. Seamus. You .\" He raised his eyebrow at this. \"I had a lot of thinking to do after.. You know the Halo Case. You saved me..\" He nodded slowly so I went on. \"We kissed.. You tried to say something..\" I wanted to know what he was trying to tell me so I asked him. \"What were you going to say?\" He averted his eyes from me and I saw his hand tightening around the glass. Again, he took the notepad and wrote a few words down. I swallowed hard in anticipation. It would have been better if he could have said it on the roof but Seamus had to ruin that perfect moment. He handed me the note and I took it. \"My Angel.\" He had written down in elegant writing. My Angel? I'm his Angel? HIS Angel. I could feel tears coming to my eyes. He reached out with his hand and caressed my cheek. I closed my eyes at his touch. It felt so right. I opened my eyes and stared at him. \"Anthony..\" I breathed putting my hand over his. He represented darkness, one should be afraid of that. I wasn't. I was an Angel after all, and if he'd let me, i'd be his guide. I leaned over and our lips gently brushed. I felt his other hand on the back of my neck, pulling me closer to him, deepening the kiss. Such passion and desperate need that it almost scared me. I have never been kissed like that before. I slowly pulled away and smiled shyly at him. I remembered the reason why I came here in the first place. No, forgetting wasn't an option anymore as I kissed him again. Anthony.. I couldn't begin to describe how good it felt to just have her around. I really tried to act casual which was undoubtedly hard with our past. It didn't surprise me at all when she asked me about the fall. I didn't want to think about it but I knew she wanted some answers. It was a night I would remember for the rest of my life. Someone like me didn't deserve to live. Luck. It had to be pure luck. Or God. A miracle. I was starting to believe it could be possible. I retrieved my notepad and wrote down that I got lucky. I handed her the note and apparently she agreed. \"Sometimes we have to rely on a little bit of luck.\" She said to me. I guess I got lucky 4 times then. The things I had experienced were mind blowing and bone chilling. No it wasn't just the everyday routine, I could assure you that. I honestly didn't know how I pulled it off. I found myself a fairly good assassin but I never expected to survive all of that. But I was definitely done with the near death experiences. Another thought came to mind. Where were her friends? They seemed to be the kind of people to hang out together all the time. I took the note out of her hand so I could ask her about it. \"I just needed some time alone. To think certain things over. Seamus. You .\" I knew that Seamus had left a mark on her. But me ? Did I really have such an effect on her? Could I win the heart of someone like her? \"I had a lot of thinking to do after.. You know the Halo Case. You saved me.\" She explained. True. I had saved her. I was on the other side of the roof when I heard her scream and I immediately rushed over. Rapier in hand, ready to take on anyone. Especially one particular person. I nodded at her. \"We kissed.. You tried to say something..\" She continued. A memorable night. Too bad it had to end the way it did. \"What were you going to say?\" She suddenly asked me. I remember me trying to speak after almost 30 years of silence. I never spoke to anyone. Not even to Mother Superior. But that night, I had tried. I had trouble looking at her. All of a sudden I started to feel incredibly nervous. I stared at my glass, holding onto it as if my life depended on it. This was my chance. I wanted to TELL her, but I couldn't. Not now. Not yet. So once again I took the notepad and decided to write it down. I was hoping she wouldn't be too disappointed. I handed her the small note and I saw her taking a deep breath before looking at it. I guess I wasn't the only one with nerves. 'My Angel' I had written down. She looked at me and I could see tears in a pair of green eyes. Tears of happiness? Of joy? Anything related would do. That beautiful face, that wonderful smile and not to mention that fiery hair.. I reached out to touch her cheek. Her soft skin was warm against the palm of my hand. She opened her eyes and stared back at me and when she said my name in a near whisper, I felt all warm and fuzzy inside. I couldn't stop looking at her. As soon as her lips touched mine, I knew I was in Heaven. I didn't want to hold back, didn't want to freeze up although it was nearly impossible with those lucious red lips of hers who were taunting me. I gently but firmly pulled her closer. For a moment I got distracted with all that gorgeous hair but I decided not to pull out any hair tonight. After a few seconds she responded with an equal desire. I think we were both pretty much out of air when she pulled away from me and a little smile played across her lips. It made me want to kiss her again..and again.. But she beat me to it when her lips came crushing down on mine. This was definitely heaven. But how did I ever manage to get up there? Maybe the past didn't matter after all.[Chapter 2] Dylan.. Several hours later me and Anthony decided it was time to leave. My night was turning out to be one of the most amazing nights of my life. For the first time in months I felt truly happy. But how could I not be? Anthoy was back among the living. The man who saved my life, kissed me and thought me worthy enough to speak to after so many years of silence. So with new found courage I grabbed his hand and we started to walk through the streets to a small park nearby. We hadn't \"talked\" much earlier but I really had enjoyed his company. It wasn't such a big deal. I already knew he wasn't one for conversation, especially not small talk, and I didn't want to push him. He had written down the things I wanted to know and that was pretty much it. Besides sometimes actions spoke louder than words and.. we had definitely shared some passionate kisses. And.. Well.. Anthony was a pretty good kisser. The mere thought made me smile even more.. Who would've guessed? I certainly wasn't going to complain. I realized I didn't want this night to end but deep down in my heart I knew it would have to eventually. I felt him squeeze my hand a little and I looked up. He raised one of his famous eyebrows as if asking me if something was wrong. I was pretty much lost in thought. I shook my head. \"Sorry. I was just thinking. Nothing important.\" I lied, wondering if it was convincing enough. He had this look on his face as if not really believing me but he nodded anyway. We made it to Central Park and I noticed that there weren't a lot of people around. Of course there wouldn't be, it was already past midnight. I just wanted to be alone with him. We walked further and I noticed a wooden bench underneath a large tree. A pole lantern was standing next to it, shining down on it. It was quite a romantic sight. I quickly made my way over, pulling Anthony with me. I was determined to make the very best out of the little time we had left. I sat down and Anthony sat next to me, putting his cane aside. He wouldn't be needing that tonight. It wasn't like we were going to fight each other. It wasn't like any other meeting. And I was glad it wasn't. I didn't want us to be on opposite sides anymore. But then again, he was an assassin. It was his job. Would he be willing to give that up, just for me ? Could I even expect him too? What if he stayed an assassin? Would there be a chance for us? And wouldl Alex and Nathalie ever be able to accept him? All these questions were running through my head. I sighed softly. Don't spoil this Dylan. My thoughts were interrupted when he nudged me. I looked at him and did my best at smiling. I couldn't as I felt tears welling up. Soon they were running down my cheeks. No. No! What was I doing? This was supposed to be a happy moment. I have wanted for Anthony to be alive for months and now he was.. He was here..with me. Why couldn't I just be happy? When I looked at him through my tears I saw this extremely worried look on his face. I couldn't blame him. Why the hell was I crying? \"It's nothing..\" I said wiping my cheeks. \"I'm just so glad you're here with me\" He pulled me closer to him, burying his face into my hair. I wondered when he was finally going to pull it. He then looked at me and gave me a small smile. \"My Ang..Angel. Do Not Wor..Worry.\" He said in a soft voice. I was shocked and it showed. I felt my mouth drop a few inches. Anthony spoke.. Then I laughed, throwing my arms around him. Finally! After all this time.. It was wonderful! I pulled back to look at him. I knew I was grinning from ear to ear, looking like a complete and utter idiot. \"You spoke!\" I exclaimed. He smiled. \"Oh Anthony, I..\" I didn't have time to finish my sentence as he kissed me. After a few seconds we broke apart and I tried again. \"Anthony. I don't want to lose you.. Not after this.\" I could see the sadness in his eyes. I guess he didn't know what the future had in store for us either. \"Y-you won't..\" He said softly. I swallowed hard and nodded. Strangely enough, I believed him. No screwing up. I laid my head on his shoulder and stared at the sky. It was a beautiful night. There were a lot of stars. I felt his hand slip into mine and I was surprised when he got up. He tugged at my hand. \"Alright.\" I stood up and followed him. Hands clasped together we walked for a couple of minutes before we stopped at the pond. I could hear some frogs croaking. It wasn't a cloudy night and the moon was beautifully reflected in the water. Almost magical. Anthony really seemed to relax here. \"Do you come here often?\" I asked as I pulled him down with me on the grass. He gave me a quick nod. I smiled in return. \"It's really nice here. I didn't know you liked this sort of thing..\" I joked, laying down on the grass. For a moment he glared at me but I knew he wasn't serious. I could see it in his eyes. We both stayed there, looking at the sky. \"I wa..want to..\" He let out a frustrated sigh. I sat up and stared at him. \"What is it Anthony?\" The look on his face was one of impatience and annoyance. \"Shh.. Relax. You still need to adjust. You haven't spoken for so many years. Your voice.. it needs time.\" Anthony suddenly rasped out. \"Ple-ease.. for..forgive..m-me..\" What? I found myself complete at a loss for words. He was asking me for forgiveness ? I hadn't seen that one coming. Assassins didn't feel sorry for killing, sometimes innocent and good people. He tried to kill us, more than once. He had been hired to do so. And yet I cared deeply for this man. Now he wanted me to forgive his actions. I could see his discomfort so I moved closer to him. I wasn't sure if I could really do it. So much had happened. \"I'll try.\" At first he looked rather disappointed, but then he nodded and smiled. 'I..I..un.. under..understand.\" Letting out a breath I didn't know I was holding, I felt relief wash over me. I put my arm around his shoulder and pulled him close, kissing him softly on his cheek. Together we continued to watch the stars play across the night sky. Anthony.. I remember wandering the streets of LA almost every night. Trying to get away from all the violence. The killing. But this time I wasn't alone. Dylan was right here with me. Like an Angel of the night. What more could I wish for? It was certainly more than I ever hoped to get. We decided to go to a small park nearby. It might surprise one but I had been there a couple of times before. Mostly after midnight, when there were hardly any people around. I am quite used to being alone. I don't remember having any friends back at the orphanage either. Not that I made a lot of effort to change that. At the time I didn't really care. My place wasn't at the orphanage, although the nuns had been very kind. It was with my parents and the circus. Why had they been taken away from me? A question to remain unanswered. I started to notice that Dylan was being awfully quiet. I took her hand and gave it a gentle squeeze. I hoped that she wasn't angry with me for some reason. \"Sorry. I was just thinking. Nothing important.\" Dylan softly said. I wasn't sure if I wanted to believe her. I had this feeling that something was bothering her, but I decided not to press her any further. I simply nodded. After walking for ten minutes we arrived at our destination. Dylan pulled me along to sit on one of the benches. The one she picked out was partially shaded by a large tree. I wanted to make some sort of conversation but I didn't know how to start. It was making me slightly nervous. I fumbled with my cane for a few seconds before laying it aside. I couldn't remember a single moment when I didn't carry it with me. I wouldn't dare to leave it behind. It looked like an ordinary cane, but appearance could be deceiving. My weapon of choice, a rapier, was safely tucked inside. It wasn't the most ordinary weapon but I disliked the use of guns. Too simple. You just pulled the trigger and that was it. If I really had to use a gun, I would go for a German Luger. Being an assassin I need to watch my back almost 24/7, which would be enough to drive any man insane. Somehow I learned to live with it. I tried to loosen up a bit and gave Dylan a playful nudge. She seemed a little distracted. My angel turned to look at me with those gorgeous green eyes of hers.. but they were soon filled with tears. The sight of her crying made my heart ache. Why was she sad? Wasn't she happy to be here? It was probably because of me.. I never wanted to make her cry. But who was I fooling? She shouldn't be here with me. Anyone but me. The past always mattered. I shouldn't have forgotten that. I just didn't think I could give up on her. If I had to fight for her, I would. In spite of my mistakes, in spite of all the destruction, I knew she was worth it. \"It's nothing..\" She said wiping her tears away. \"I'm just so glad you're here with me.\" I wouldn't want to be anywhere else Dylan.. I put my arm around her waist and pulled her closer. I rubbed my face into her soft voluminous hair, smelling her exciting fragrance. I was surprised that I hadn't pulled out any hair because it was very hard to control myself. Now wasn't the time either. I would have to wait. Feeling her warm body against mine made my desires rise to the surface. But more importantly, I so wanted to let her know that everything would be okay. No, I wanted to tell her. I had wanted to earlier tonight. I wasn't feeling completely ready to give it another go, but I had to try.. I knew it would mean a lot to her and I wanted to make her smile again. To let her know how much she means to me. Taking a deep breath.. \"M-my Ang..Angel..Do not wor..worry.\" There, I did it. God, it felt strange to hear my own voice! I had almost forgotten how it sounded like. Dylan looked shocked but then she laughed and threw her arms around me. At first I was a little stunned by her outburst, but it felt good to hear her laughing. When she pulled back, she had this goofy look plastered on her face. \"You spoke!\" She seemed really pleased that I had just spoken to her. It was quite a privilege too. After all, she was the first person to hear my voice since I was only a 7 year old boy. I smiled at her to let her know I felt the same way. I couldn't control myself, seeing her beautiful face lit up like that just made me want to kiss her senseless. She started to say something but I didn't pay any attention as I quickly closed the gap between us and kissed her. She obviously didn't mind as she returned the kiss. After awhile our lips lost contact but our eyes didn't. \"Anthony. I don't want to lose you.. Not after this.\" I didn't want to lose her either. She was the one positive thing in my dreadful existence, in my empty and lonely life. I couldn't let her go. I knew I wasn't perfect. I probably never would be. But I cared for her, I .. loved her. \"Y-you won't..\" I assured her. Dylan nodded. She seemed less worried than before. The night was coming to an end. We were both well aware of that. Earlier tonight we hadn't exactly paid it much thought. We were too caught up in each other to think straight. But now as the hours had passed, I think we both began to realize the situation we were in. A painful realization. Then I got an idea. I would show her one of my favourite places here. I always liked to sit by the pond. The orphanage also had a smaller one, stacked full with tiny gold fish. I gently grabbed her hand and stood up. I tugged at it, indicating that I wanted her to follow me. \"All right.\" She got up and started to follow me. We held hands all the way up to the pond. It was as if we were an actual couple. It was all so surreal. Maybe I was dreaming.. Dylan brought me out of my thoughts. \"Do you come here often?\" She asked me as she pulled me down on the grass. I gave a curt nod. She smiled at me and I watched her lay down onto the soft grass. \"It's really nice here. I didn't know you liked this sort of thing...\" Was she mocking me? I didn't think this was too odd. I tried to glare at her but failed miserably. Even after tonight's events it still surprised me that someone like her would want to be with someone like me.. It went against any logical reasoning. Love was something quite unexplainable. I was like that song. \"A crazy little thing called love.\" It certainly made you do some crazy stuff. I wasn't sure if I could ever make up for the times i've hurt her. Could she ever forgive me? I needed to know. I opened my mouth to speak but I quickly closed it again. This was harder than I thought. Come on. You can do it. I tried again. \"I wa..want to..\" This wasn't working. Damnit! Dylan sat up and I felt my courage waver under her questioning stare. \"What is it Anthony?\" I suddenly felt very hot. I was probably making a fool of myself. My frustration was getting the better of me. Not to mention the hated feeling of embarassement. \"Shh.. Relax. You still need to adjust. You haven't spoken for so many years. Your voice.. it needs time.\" I sighed. She was right. Ofcourse. Calm down. I still wanted to voice my thoughts so I gave it one last try. \"Ple-ease..\" I struggled with the words but I wanted, no needed , to go on. \" for..forgive..m-me..\" The surprise on my angel's face was evident. Dylan sat there completely silent. For a moment I thought about leaving, but then she moved closer to me and said. \"I'll try.\" Well it was the best I could hope for.. At least she wasn't mad at me for asking such a thing. I slowly nodded and gave her a small smile. I knew she needed some time to digest all of this. I certainly did.. I had never been good at expressing my feelings. I mostly shut down any kind of emotion. It made the killing a lot easier. \"I..I..un.. under..understand.\" I let her pull me into an embrace, her lips gently touched my cheek. It felt good to be in her arms. Neither of us spoke a single word as we watched the sky in a comfortable silence. For the first time since years I prayed that this wouldn't be our only night together. I hoped that He would listen.[Chapter 3] Dylan.. It was almost 2 a.m. when we decided to call it a night. We walked back to my car, all kinds of thoughts running through my head. I didn't want to say goodbye but maybe it was better if we went our separate ways. My heart didn't seem to agree. I started fidgeting with my car keys, desperately trying to prolong this moment. I knew it wasn't going to be easy. I absolutely had no idea how we were going to work out our differences. I was an Angel and he.. was an assassin. What about Nathalie and Alex? Would I put their lives on the line by accepting Anthony into mine? They were my best friends and my collegues. And what would Charlie think? Anthony did assist in a plot to kill him. We really hadn't discussed any of this! If he would go back to his old ways, sooner or later we would end up fighting on opposite sides. I didn't think I could deal with that, not after what happened tonight. Why do I keep falling for the bad guy? After all the crappy experiences I've had one should think I would know better by now. But you can't choose who you fall in love with Dylan . The realization that I loved Anthony made me pause. Surely I wouldn't have felt miserable for 3 whole months if I didn't love him. Well, nice mess you've gotten yourself into.. I just knew these feelings wouldn't go away overnight. If ever. One particular thought worried me. If I left him.. when would I see him again? He could be dead and I wouldn't even know it! He already cheated death so many times. One day he was going to run out of luck. I tried to dismiss that last thought since I was still getting over the whole rooftop issue. I often wondered if I could have helped him that night but I was paralyzed with fear and shock. I hadn't thought for one moment that Seamus would still be a threat until he plunged that sword through Anthony's chest. Seamus probably meant to stab him through the heart, but thank god he missed. I'll never forget the look on Anthony's face. It was clear that I needed time to think this over. I couldn't deny my feelings for this man, but there were other things, other people, to consider. Our lives were so far apart. Maybe I was rushing into this romance a little too fast. The joy and relief at finding Anthony alive had clouded my common sense. This really wasn't so simple.. and it would be selfish and not that smart considering my track record with men. Yet, I had a feeling I could trust him. I definitely should give him the benefit of the doubt. Especially after tonight. Anthony touched my hand to get my attention. I realized I had been quiet for several minutes. When I looked up I noticed his worried expression. I gently squeezed his hand and smiled. \"I'm fine. Really I am. It's just..\" I didn't know how to start, didn't know how he would react. He raised an eyebrow. This meant he wanted me to continue so I did, albeit relunctantly. \"I feel we're moving too fast.. I need some time to think. About us. About this situation. But know.. Please know.. that I care deeply for you Anthony. Never doubt that.\" I laid my hand on his chest and his hand covered mine. I could feel his heart beating strongly underneath the crisp white shirt. If this was wrong, how come it felt so right. Slowly withrawing my hand, I took a deep breath. \"I need to go.\" Anthony just nodded. He seemed to understand. \"I will see you again, right?\" I had to ask, but he didn't answer me. His hand went through my hair, messing it up, before grabbing a handful. Our eyes were locked and his blue ones displayed a fire I hadn't seen before. And then his lips descended on mine with a ferocity I wouldn't have thought him capable of. It reminded me of Seamus, in a good way. When the kiss ended I felt slightly dazed. Wow. \"Y-you will.\" He stepped back and I was certain he was going to leave. I was wrong. He searched his pockets and produced his notepad and fountainpen. He started scribbling down a bunch of things. Anthony moved closer and placed the note into my hand. I wanted to say something but he put a finger to my lips. He smiled and bent down to kiss me one more time, much more gently. His kiss was soft and loving. A warm feeling spread throughout my body and I closed my eyes to fully savour this sensation. It lasted only a few seconds before he pulled away. I knew he was gone. Suddenly remembering the note in my hand I quickly unfolded the paper. It was his address. I felt tension leave my body at the sight of it. Now I could go and visit him whenever I wanted. It also meant that he trusted me. It felt as such a relief. I carefully folded the note and slipped it into my jeans pocket, not wanting to lose this important piece of information. Soon Anthony.. Soon I will know what to do. Anthony.. The entire walk back to her car I was wondering what would happen next. If I really wanted to be with Dylan, I would have to quit being an assassin. She wouldn't want to be with someone who killed for money. But for someone like her I was willing to walk a straighter path. God himself had given me a second chance. I was still alive, which was nothing short of a miracle. I had to take this chance at a new and better life. A normal life.. Well somewhat normal. Dylan would still be an Angel. Hmm.. a normal life.. Did I really want that? No more killing was one thing, having a relationship and possibly sharing a home, entirely another. I would have a social life. Dylan was fumbling with her keys. She looked terribly uncomfortable. I wanted to say something to make it all better but didn't know what and I got the impression neither did she. I moved closer and touched her hand, briefly brushing my thumb along the side. She looked up and smiled, gently squeezing my hand. \"I'm fine. Really I am. It's just..\" She had been silent for some time. I couldn't deny being worried about her. I knew she had alot on her mind and I already had a pretty good idea what was occupying her thoughts. I wasn't a fool by any means. I raised an eyebrow to let her know I wanted her to explain further. \"I feel we're moving too fast.. I need some time to think. About us. About this situation. But know.. Please know.. that I care deeply for you Anthony. Never doubt that.\" She wanted time.. time to think.. I understood. The past couldn't be erased. It was impossible. I would give her all the time she needed, hoping that in the end she would come back to me. She laid a hand on my chest and instantly I covered it with my own. I wondered if she noticed my anxiety. This was all very new to me. After awhile Dylan slowly withrew her hand. \"I need to go.\" I nodded my consent and understanding. I needed to let her go. For now. \"I will see you again, right?\" Yes! Or did she intend to just walk away and never look back? She seemed fine, but I knew a thing or two about body language. It was just a façade. A brave face to conceil her inner turmoil. Always the tough one. I had to believe we would work this out, but there would be obstacles along the way. I inhaled deeply, focusing on the unique scent that was Dylans. I wanted to remember it as best as I could. After all I wasn't sure how long it would be before we would meet again. My hand seemed to have a mind of its own when I reached out to touch the copery curls, revelling in their softness. I enjoyed letting the strands of hair slide through my fingers.. I knew this kind of behaviour seemed rather odd to other people, but I never cared what they thought. I wanted to hold her, kiss her. I needed her in my life. So I closed the distance and eagerly claimed her lips in a passionate kiss. Never before have I desired a woman as much as Dylan. Her lips were so soft and warm and full of promise. With much regret I pulled back. Knowing I still had a question to answer. \"Y-you will.\" Soon we would be going our seperate ways. To make sure she would have a way to contact me I thought it best to leave her the address to my apartment. I moved away and I noticed Dylan's panic. Safe to say this was very hard for the both of us. I quickly retrieved my notepad and pen to write down the address. Having done so I slipped the note into her hand. We regarded eachother thoughtfully and it was a moment I didn't want spoiled by words. So when Dylan opened her mouth to say something, anything, I quickly stopped her. Instead I bent down and captured her lips in a less passionate kiss, but one driven by a different set of emotions. It was wonderful. A beautiful ending to an extraordinary night. I left her standing there with half parted full red lips and a dreamy look on her face. What a picture she made. Goodbye My Angel.. Until we meet again. ","Summary":" A Night To Remember Summary: A few months after the showdown with Seamus and Madison Lee, Dylan can"},{"Movie":"A Clockwork Orange","Title":"A Clockwork Orange (Fanfiction)","Author":"1443064","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11526283","Passage":"[Chapter 1] If I may concur this beginning understatement, I will at leastways engage myself to start with my own name. Well here it is then. My name is Brigitte Evangeline Stone. As I'll doubtlessly would like to put it... YES, I'm indeed French. French from Paris, as you can see from my name being \"Brigitte\" as I've just mentioned once again. But since my father was and still is unfortunately fully British, I melancholically have to now, offensively speaking-so, ignore the fact that I will ever be, what I have been for quite a while, If I may say, French. My father taught me the English I know presently, and entirely (sorry to say) as well as many could have ever had the luck to pursue for unusual common purposes. And curiously I've adapted it pretty rapidly, and fondly turned British myself. Funny thing is, is that I've never really wanted to. But from the moment that my father decided to move here in Bristol, I just couldn't believe the drag of shitload of problems he was putting myself into for the sake of his stupid and meaningless pride of heritage, that I knew I could not identify myself for ever being a part of. I felt like an isolated puppet around him, or if not, a dog chasing for its wooden-stick in the middle of a seemingly unknown and distracting dark forest, where I'll lose my track easily. And he felt like if I had nothing to lose over here in Bristol. Now here's what I think. 1- I hate the fact that I'm rich. Which makes things more complicated that I would've ever expected from years from now. 2- How the madding hell did our parents divorce? 3- Why am I being forced to stay with him and not with mother instead? I know that these resolution don't sound necessarily mature enough to hear and rather sound childish to you people, but it was like I had no choice. Like if I was meant to be one of his slave prisoner, dragging my hair out of head from my lonely cell. No one should be aloud to do that. I well said NO ONE. It is particularly non sense. Although I was well raised, which meant that I didn't have to ask myself too many big questions for now, because it is definitely not the day to argue. Today is THE DAY. Which means it has been over a month we've had just move here in Bristol, and somehow I feel like I'm gazed way too much for my taste on the street. I'm going to have to get used to it before it's too late, because today IS THE DAY THAT I'M STARTING SCHOOL. I'm 17 years old and will attempt a hopefully-good school. If I do remember clearly, it was in fact me that had chosen it over any other one. I will be attending \"Roundview College\", which doesn't seem that bad, but of course, not great either. One of the many disappointments that I had eventually done against my father's will. All I wanted for now, was to be looking forward to something a little bit less glorious and more conventional. And that is what I have finally seen from this school. Exactly what I needed. No pressure, no surrender. Maybe this year would be something different. Somewhere where people could understand the real me, instead of looking up to me as some sort of brainless object. Because first of all, I'm smart and had always been a straight-A student, because I love studying. And second and last of all, NO ONE likes to be called an object. It's absolutely inhuman to believe so. The physicality don't matter. What we need is intelligence in this world. Interaction among others. Suspicion to our likes. Nothing seems in balance nowadays. We work with stereotypical views of people and considering the individual's standpoint, it's never quite valid to my conception of it. Why can I not share this to father. That's because of him being too square for living. I don't mean to be rude, but aren't we all human? I woke up this morning from the alarm that did not resonate as well as I would've like it to be in my ears. It went so loud that I thought I was being attacked by some kind of alien starships invading my area. Anyhow. I knew what was waiting for me today. I jumped immediately off bed and headed to my brand new closet. Which was least bigger than what I used to have back in Paris. Everything was quiet, even if it was visited by many different people around the world. This was where my father first met my mother in. In the summer of 1990, around where the movie \"The Lover's On The Bridge\" were to be filmed and where \"Pont Neuf\" the bridge, had to be rebuilt by none other than the original director \"Leo Carax\" himself. One of my favourite movie of all time. But let's not hit it too long. What happened was that they've first met over there around that time, and suddenly ended up seeing each other's for quite a few times until they've finally invited each other to a chic parisian restaurant and made love the same night. What I didn't understand was how my father made his promise to be always there for my mother whatever may happen to her, and made his promise until now he destroyed it in thousands of worth pieces. Did he really hate French people all that much? My mother was French and he surely didn't look like he gave a squirrel of piss about it, because he knew already. But now, his perception of it had fallen off deeply into something more unbearable than ever been. He had grown an unexpected hatred towards French, and controls my language with an alternate assumption of pushing upon my deepest feelings. Is it my dad or a monster? Getting back presently now. I was seeking the perfect outfit for today, even if it took me a little while. Not really like the usual, because I always gave myself a sharp excuse to my quick and ingenious eyesight on things that fits me best. But since it was the first day, I wasn't going to make an excuse to look like a dull-chick coming straight out from a brothel... which my father wrongly portrays myself when I'm trying real hard in these kind of occasions. At least we weren't wearing bloody stupid uniforms, which I find a relief in. Instead, I decided to dress myself with an almost strapless, but sexy short, but not too short white dress. It had two long cotton fabrics that went up to my tiny straps and traveling down on the middle of my breast, till it both stopped to my hips where two big pockets were inserted. That dress made my breast exhibit a little more than I was hoping to show, but I decided of not worrying about it. Little buttons were placed in the middle of both my breast, where my open exhibit of cloth opened and stopping down to my belly. Thank god I wore a bra under. But somehow I feel a little bit too much. But then I decided to bring my little white jacket with me to cover up when I need to, but decided to rap it around my hips and tie the two sleeves altogether instead. I went to my makeup and decided to just put on a vermilion lipstick, but not too much. I have bigger lips than Angelina Jolie herself, and putting too much of some will be a real waste, because I'll look too much like a hooker. And that is not the image I want to project to people. Last thing I've done, I made my bed in my gigantic red and white room and took my white flat shoes before going downstairs and meeting my father in the kitchen. When I came down, I had noticed my handbag on the ground and quickly took one strap on my right shoulder before finding my dad sitting on a chair in front of the large dinning table, reading his usual Bristol newspaper \"Western Daily Press\", whilst drinking his black coffee settle down on the table. Marjory, my maid and great friend, was preparing one my finest breakfast. Pancakes, my favourite. Marjory had been my maid since as long as I could remember. She used of being my father's secretary in his big and useless company, but after she was fired for some reasons she refuses to tell me, my father protested and later gave her the job of being his maid. We've always treated her nicely because she was a woman with a heart of pure gold. She is 43 years old, blond with blue eyes, but very wise behind her ears. She had one of those perfect and straight smile. A little like me, but hers shaped the honesty of a woman that were once broke, but became happier by hanging out with the people she loves the most in this world, after her family of course. And that was us. She was offered to settle with her family here in Bristol, as my father paid her an amazing house to continue her work for us, even though we could do it ourselves, but she insisted to. She taught me how to be true to myself and others. Love imperfection and realize its beauty through it. I sat down with a big sighs in front of my father, him with his eyes hidden with the journal covering his entire body from my view. It hadn't been long before Marjory had placed my plate with two pancakes and strawberries on the side. It looked terribly fancy and it smelled as if we were devoted to heaven. She smiled at me kindly and told me how beautiful I was today. As thanked her and backed her with a \"You as well!\" Father - (His face still covering with the newspaper) It smells great here, Marjory! Let me guess, pancakes again! Marjory - (Smiles with a french accent) Yes, Mr. Stone! But today is a special day for \"Brigitte\"! Father - (Mad and almost dying) It's not \"Brigitte\" anymore! God this stupid name, it's \"Bridget\"! Me - (Looking up to her and smile) Merci! My father slams with his fist on the table and threw the newspaper out of his sight on the ground without care. He gazed at me with a death glare. I knew I wasn't supposed to repeat one single word in French and neither does Marjory. What an insult. But yet, who was to blame me, or her, or anybody else that speaks freely French? He was in one of those moods today. And that is the main fact... he scares the living 'ell out of me. Father - (Mad) Why don't you excuse yourself! (Looking down at my dress from the table and yelling) AND WHAT IS THIS SHITE? What are you trying to look like? A whore? We're not in \"The Last Tango in Paris\" my dear, so try and be normal for once! (Pointing at my dress) Plus tell what's the use of this? Heh? What's your purpose with all these... these... pathetic clothing? Me - It's a dress, nothing more! Father - Oh, nothing more! You're going to get fucking raped because of your nonsense and now it's going to be nothing more! Nothing anymore? God you're so stupid! You'll trim your own self, but I won't be the cause of your obtuseness, you get me! Marjory - (French accent) It is only a dress! Father - (Pointing his finger to Marjory) You, Marjory! Stay out of it! (Looking at me) You ingrate, I hope you burn alive! Me - Like \"Jeanne D'Arc\"! My father roughly lift himself off of his chair with pure uncontrollable anger. Like if he was ready to slap me across the face. And I was sure that it was the first thing that were popping through his mind during this uncomfortable silence. We were one against the other, but I gave up. I didn't want the tension to be more baffling than it already is, so I stopped to gazing at him and instead looked down. Marjory went to stop him from doing anything, but fortunately he did not do a thing. Thank God. My father slowly sat back up to his chair and moved forward with his chair, so his chest were fully touching and squeezing the table. He gave me a maleficent look. Father - Why don't you eat now, heh? We'll talk later! Looking up to Marjory, I felt bad. I wanted so badly to tell her that I wasn't hungry anymore. And that, nevertheless, it upsets me to think so. But I obeyed and ate my pancakes anyhow without a word coming out from my mouth. After I've finished my dish, Marjory took it and went to put it in the dishwasher in our beautiful kitchen, made with wooden cabinet furnitures entirely. I heard some water pouring down the dish as Marjory started cleaning every bit of crumb that were left untouched, and I thought it was the time to look at my watch to see what time it was. 7:58. We have to leave. Me - (A little scared of how he'll react instantly) Dad? Father - (Roll in his eyes) Yes, what is it? Me - I think we should go now! I don't want to miss anything! Father - (Taking a sip of his coffee, whilst reading his newspaper that he had threw on the ground earlier) Well... what time is it? Marjory - (From the kitchen) I'll take her! Me - It... Father - (Cutting me for shouting after Marjory) NO! You stay here! Marjory - Oh, but I insiste! I want her to have a great day! Father - Yeah yeah, so do I, but no! I'LL take her to her school! End of discussion here! (Turns to me) What time is it I said? Me - (Bashed with surprise) Oh! Um... 7:59! Father - Shite! You start at 8:20! Better go now! He stood up from his chair as I did as well. I took my handbag, because I knew it was going to be the only that I'll ever need for today. We both headed to the entrance, where father was to get his coat, hanged on a golden hook. It was brown and covered slightly with dust, but I was sure that he haven't seen it coming, because he had quickly slipped in it. Next thing he did was taking his black and shiny shoes and dug his big feet in it. Oh my god. This is it. No turning back. The front door was locked and we were ready to open it. While it were opened by my father, stepping out of it and going outside to head right to the only car outside of our huge garage, filled with unused and decorative, antiques cars. I wonder why don't we ever use them? My father always told me that they were to preserve, but not to being touched, because they are collections, not toys to gamble around with. My father opened his passenger door to take the wheel and hoped on his seat. I stayed outside, thinking of a million things in my mind, like: Would the people like me over there? Would I get bored? Is there anything I have to avoid? Should I argue? May I mess around sometimes? No. Bad idea. I had my head above the clouds as my father snapped me back to reality before closing his door. Father - For Christ-sake, would you hop in or are just you waiting for Santa Claus to get you? Me - Oh, sorry! I opened my door, opposite side of my father and hopped in before closing my door, a little bit too abruptly for my ears. My father escaped a little grown before he placed his car key in the key hole and twisted it for activating the gas and engine. Audi A3 was the car that we were driving around with. One of the best in the world, if I may say. We drove around, listening to the first song coming out of the disk I made for all of the song I enjoy riding to. The first song was \"Eurythmics - When the Day Goes Down\". Which had led my depression higher than what I would have anticipated. It is such a beautiful song with a beautiful voice. I miss awfully my mother. Why was I taken from her? I loved her so much and now she's gone, forever, from my life. I gazed through my window. It was a beautiful sunny day in Bristol, and I hadn't doubt it one second, but yet, this song reflects a lot from my present life. It's way too much for me. I hope everything will be alright. I really do. Hope that people over here in Bristol are different than those egocentric, despicable people I used to surround myself with. We past someone (a 40-something-year-old man) that had just made an accident with his car, because of some bicycle that weren't supposed to be parked over where he was going, if I do remember his reasons. He was yelling at an innocent old woman for no reason. Poor woman. She sounded so clueless. She didn't know, man. Gee. Lay off. What a strange world we live in. As we arrived at the school, it was much smaller than I was ever thought before. It looked almost abandoned, but it weren't the case, 'cause there were plenty of people gathering around each others in form of crowds. People seeing their best mate, meeting new people and others that were cautiously ignoring others. To me, at my close view, they looked more like a bunch of non-conformist misfits. Each one of them had their own irrelevant behaviour or style. I knew, just at this point now, that it would be a school for me. Enough suitable for myself and less worries. If I hope not being mistaking to. Father - (Parking his car in front of the school entrance, where most of the crowd went to hang out and get in) We're gonna park up here! I was looking down in disappointment and suddenly I felt so lonelier than I had ever been a minute ago. I just couldn't express my feelings clearly. I just thought of how this year would go so well, if my father does not stop arguing and yelling at me for the sake of his then ego. I just don't want to feel like some kind of beaten dog. I hope Marjory would come in term of my father and start living a better life. This woman deserves effectively better than what she has to handle daily. Father - (Sighing before he expressed his displeasure) What? I suddenly snapped back to reality with surprise. What did he wanted to know? Me - What? (Ok, he surprisingly wants to know what's my issue. That's new) Oh! Nothing! Father - (Angry whilst pointing his index finger directly to the school) THAT, I cannot agree is nothing! You've blew all of your fucking chances to perform good in a well respected and educated institution! And now here you are with pack of bloody bum-arse (My father's way of saying) surrounding you like crazy profiteers! That's not good! I want to see you fucking cram! Here people are blatant daft! (Yelling at my face) It's a dull place here you hear me? No one here try their best, only their worse, can't you fucking see that? He dropped his index finger, but I kept glancing unfaithfully at my window, hoping no one is hearing him or looking up to our direction. Father - They might all as well be all-dodgy for reasons, aren't they? This is the worst school in this round! And you've chosen it over a performing palace! I'm gutted! Keep your pecker up and leg it! Because I'm extremely narked by your incompetence to try because I need you so badly to grab them by the bullocks! We're posh and I don't need to concern myself with this shite! YOU don't need this shite, and you know it almost as well as I do! Now look at me! I snapped and turn my head and faced him. I was so scared of what he might adjust next. Father - Now you making me look rubbish, because you are being rubbish! Isn't it any clear to you enough? Especially since mom left us both, remember? Me - (I had to tell the truth, but I didn't want to look at his reaction, so I looked back to my window) Mom didn't left us, you left her! Father - Oh, would you put a sock in it! She had really brain-washed you haven't she? Thank God she's not here with us today! Or any other! That means you can forget her and start fumbling your way through and get it sorted quickly! I mean look at this rathole! That's your future? I turned my head and faced him again. Father - Don't play the twat and keep your head focus towards your achievements this year! No failings are being permitted! That's one of the reason why don't have your licence yet! Plus we've just moved here, so don't get too hard on yourself! And this is the next step, if you want to go to Harvard, you are going to have to do much more than you can give now! It's no business here, nor bees-nees, so make it be! You understand me? Not aggro-living punk looking through your robe for the sake of bonking you over! First you get chin-wag, then y... Me - (Cutting him) I don't want to go to Harvard! Father - (More rough, more ferocious yell) Then where do you want to go, HEH? You need to go somewhere! I went to Oxford and lasted pretty fondly well if I may put it! So don't give me any bullcrap! I hear them too often from you, thank you! Me - (I protested) I just don't know where yet, that's all! Father - That's all? THAT'S ALL? Is that your bloody fucking answer? That's...all! You sound like a nitwit and a loser! Is that how you want them to see you? Me - (I shrug. Why would I care?) I don't know? (Turn to stare at my window again) They can think whatever they want! I just want to meet the right people. Why would I ever care about my reputation when there can be so many things that I could achieve without the help of my own forcing, dushbag of a father to plain it for myself. I just have to built myself, just like Marjory tells me all time. Follow my right path. Father - Well I don't think it's gonna work that way you little snob! Thank God I'm your father! In any other way, I wouldn't give a sweet fanny adams for you! (He points his index finger at me with my whole surprise) And don't you fucking forget about keeping your mouth shut about your past! Do you hear me? NO FRENCH! NO FRENCH! Is that fucking understood or am I supposed to paint you a fucking picture? You don't want to end up broke like your mother! Me - (Oh ok, that's it. That's enough. I'm gonna rip his head off if he talks to my mother that way ever again) Compare to what you might lie about, mom's not poor like you just said! Plus French is an advancement course for bonus this year in this Uni, so why not trying if you tell me so much to succeed this year? Remember... no failings are permitted! Maybe I shouldn't waste my whole energy to put in test his raging temper against me. Just maybe. Father - If you fucking dare talk French like your mother, I will get rid of you, is that clear? Wait, what did he just said? Damn. Ok, I know what that means now. I should definitely not test his raging temper for sure. Laisse tomber, Brigitte. (Forget it, Brigitte.) Il n'en vaut pas l'coup. (He's not worth the shot.) Father - Am I talking to wall here or is it bloody clear, for God sake? Me - (Trying to be calm) No, it's clear! I won't talk French! Ever! Father - (Smiles for once, all because of my stupid answer. I just wanted to get off and him to leave me alone) Yeah, because French is bollocks and you know it! British is your kingdom and your way of living now! Plus, needless to say, but you've got the Queen! Yeah, that was a pretty tasteless and needless thing to say. I hate royalty. They can all go fuck themselves in the bush. Anarchy in the UK. That's all that we need. Thanks to the \"Sex Pistols\". Father - Ever heard of the line \"Best of British\"? Why no. Me - No! Father - (With a wide smile) That means good luck! Oh, whatever. Me - Oh, ok! Can I go now? Father - (His smile falls down) You may! I finally and for good, released myself from his invite grip and opened my door before stepping out of the car and close it behind me. When I attempted to run off without a word, eventually, my father called me. Father - Bridget! I knew he was calling me. It wasn't particularly my name, but I knew he was calling me from behind, because we've had talked about it already before we even arrived here Bristol. Marjory weren't so keen on calling me it, but she couldn't deny with my father's usual discontentment regarding an opposite opinion of one's self, so she kept it to herself. Me - (Rolling my eyes before turning my head to his direction) Yes? Father - That's your name now! That's how you're gonna get called here, you hear me? Plus it's no change really! Not that much! Me - Yeah I know! Yeah, I have to know. Father - (Smiles) Right! I'm going to stay here until I don't see you in my sight anymore! Gee thanks, but I'm not 5 anymore. This is seriously the worst nightmare. Father - That means you go immediately in the school and you don't talk to anyone, is that clear? WHAT? Are you freaking kidding me? Just like in kindergarten! Wow! I'm surprised it hadn't changed. But hey, guess what?... I still have to agree and commit myself to him. Gosh. Help me. Me - Yes! Father - Good girl! I wish not. Father - I'll come and pick you up at 3:00 PM and don't be late! Set your watch for later! I don't want you to be stuck in these dirty old, yellow vomit looking bus! Hahahaha. Sorry but that was funny. I literally wanted to laugh outside of my mind, but I retained myself for once. Father - That's Greaser like and I don't support that at all! Here it goes. An example of my father's ridiculous stereotyping view. Me - (I'm on the rush) Ok! Cheers! I walked off and left him without a word. Exactly what I wanted to do. But I heard him mutter \"Cherios!\" anyways. A thing that he taught me that anyone living in the UK do for saying \"Thank You\" or \"Goodbye\", in a polite way of saying. Well... least is what my father said years ago. Now I use it daily and certainly going to use it here. I went to the school entrance, but stopped myself and looked at the numerous of people staring at me in shock. Yes, I know it's probably my dress, or maybe... I turned my head towards the direction of where my father was still parked with his car, and he was lighting a cigaret. Ugh. I hate cigarets. I abhors what it does to anybody's health control. Gosh. I hope I will never become addicted to that. I turned back to my peers and heard some girls and other people in gang saying things like... (Your boyfriend's well mint!), following (Yeah!) with a cute and small girl standing in front of this crowd, with very red hair and a sexy assemble. But I thought to myself that she was dressing a little bit too slutty for my taste. Or maybe I shouldn't say that. We're casually dressing as the same way in term of exhibition. God, I'm so sorry. I shouldn't be that judgemental. I saw that she had a double. Well let's say that she had twin. Gosh they look so similar, except with the fact that the other looked more appropriate dressing and more calm. She looked like she didn't have much of attention comparing to her sister. Man! I wish I could just talk to her, but I didn't. I just kept walking. Reminding what my dad told me earlier. The sexy looking twin - He's totally fit! He took me to the Stakis Grand last week for surf, turf and shots! Apparently from the many girls in this crowd, the name of her boyfriend is Danny Guillermo. A popular one I suppose. I bet he's one of those douchebag, whose goal is to fuck anything that moves. Words like: Wow, Safe, Lush, Foxy, Cute and something like \"He's signing Samantha's tits\", don't really appeal for me to think differently from my own point of view of him. A strange, but cute looking childish girl with blonde hair formed in two pigtails exclaimed \"Bonkers!\" And looked down on her striking, but yet beautiful opposite looking friend with lighting blue eyes, sitting on a bench. She had dark, straight brown hair and glamorous and sexy style. She had black eyeliner contouring her big blue eyes, a big, but short violet dress or as I could see as one. Black short under it. Not like I'm perf or anything, but it was pretty showy. Blue square diamond patterns tights. Lots of cool bracelets around her left waist and several pearling neckless around her neck. She really looked cool, compare to her excited friend. But I wasn't going to judge. She sure does look like a really good person. In fact, she looks kind of pretty as well. Childish Blonde Girl - (To her friend) What's surf and turf, Eff? Eff - (Smoking) Sex! She smiled a little glimpse at her friend, while some smoke came out of her beautiful mouth when she said it. Her mouth were not too big, not too small, but certainly not as big as mine. While I was passing by them, I saw that she was gazing up at me very suspiciously. Like she wanted to read through me! The furtherer I got, the more her gaze stayed. I knew she was curious and interested by me, but I didn't felt like she was yet giving me an invitation to her joint. It was fine for me. But me as well, I wanted to know what she has exactly in mind. But I was too awkward now to stop myself from walking off. Childish Blonde Girl - Wow! We'll have a whizzer time at this college, Eff! I'm definitely going to have surf and turf, ASAP! Mum says boys only have one thing so my plan is give it to them lots of times! That way I'll get good at it! Be really popular and maybe my toes will stop throbbing! When I completely went off and inside the school, I heard the Childish Blonde Girl calling her friend Eff from behind me \"Eff? Effy? Are you listening to me?\", as Effy said back \"Yeah, sorry! I wasn't listening!\" \"Oh, that's fine with me!\" said the Childish Blonde Girl without any guilt. She really didn't seem to care. Like she didn't care if Effy knew that she really existed. I continue my little walking trip and went anywhere I could see before going to the gym. I wanna make sure that I see at least my locker first. (Cook POV): We were walking by the hall. No fucking way, we were the kings of creations. There was me (James Cook), Freddy (Frederick McClair) and of course, JJ (Jonah Jeremiah Jones). Everything was quiet and nobody could stop us from where we were. We was talking shite about the early conversation on the girl that just fingered my cheekbone, covered with fake blood (ketchup) as she licked it just a bit on her finger, for then saying how \"Sweet\" it was after her father had just broke onto a bike and made an accident, which I gladly got off about. Jesus. That girl was such tease. Hope that I could fuck her right here if I ever see her again. Which I know I would. She did have pretty eyes, and a pretty little face, just like JJ kept saying over more than an hour ago. But most likely, I was looking more at her body than anything else. That cheerful body of hers. God's finest creation. Anyroad. Freddy and JJ were still arguing about the girl watching one or the other. I didn't care. At least she knew I existed. But I'm pretty sure she hadn't seen JJ at all. THAT, I can be fucking sure about. How could I possibly be wrong? Freddy - For fuck sake, JJ! She didn't look at you, ok! The whole time SHE was looking at me! And I can assure you that over a million years! JJ - If you're trying to comfort yourself, I bet it's the best way to scam her, not screw her! That is why your perception are blur compare to mine! Freddy - Are you out of your mind or are you plain daft? JJ - For your information, I had pass my exam of an elevated 45 points in front of yours, which makes me more than shrewdly advanced astutely than you already are showing without your pure and epigrammatic benevolence of course! So no, I don't think the word \"daft\" specifies me all that well! Me - Gee mate! I always knew that JJ was the clever speaking guy. He was clever in everything. But he had also his flaws, which is why I had been stuck over him ever since we were little. My two best mate, Freddy & JJ. What will I be without them? Nothing. Absolutely nothing. Freddy - O.K? I think I can find one then! You're a wimp! JJ - Hey I'm not a wimp! I laughed. As Freddy and I agreed and told him together that \"You're a wimp!\" to him. JJ - I'm not a wimp! Me - (Trying not to laugh more) Then prove it! I know you far more than you think! JJ - Well leastwise I'm not afraid of saying what I feel in the inside! Me - Yeah, but sometimes you can't shut the fuck up in the outside when you need to and when it comes down to it, so... yeah! You're a pansy! JJ - Hey I'm not! Stop calling me names, Cook! Freddy - But it's true, you wouldn't even fucking dare yourself to go try and ask someone out! And that's one of the reason why you are a wimp! As I walk excitedly around the hall, I almost want to dance, but then I walk backward and face straightly JJ. I'll walk normally later. Me - Plus you're the cherry on top of the blossom, not the blossom on top of the cherry ! At least Freddy knew what I meant by that, because at the right moment and time, he started to laugh. Oh thank God we're best friend. It's crazy how much best friend can be sometimes. They always know what the hell you mean. It's like inside fucking jokes or secret hand-shakes. We chose one and we end up knowing it forever. What a bless to know that. JJ still has some way to go on that fact, even if he's wise-mouthed. JJ - What the hell is that supposed to mean? Me - (Laughing a little. Now I'm gonna have to tell him in full details) It means... JJ - (Froze) Careful, Cook! As I attempted to know what he meant by that, I accidentally stumbled down on someone as I felt it knock on my back like hard iron shield. Me - (While falling) What the f... I fell on the floor with the person that made me trip as the person fell as well, all because of the strong hit that made us simultaneously slip on each other's grip. But I knew the person I stumbled on was a girl. I hadn't seen her face still, but one thing I knew about is that my head went in collision right through her, might I say, admirable and tactful breast. I felt like a reborn baby. I wanted to suck her tits and touch her breast so badly and tear that beautiful, short white dress that she wore. May I say, this dress aloud me also a great view of how beautiful her boobs were. Comfy with a great shape. They were big, but not too big. Just simply perfect. I smirked to myself. How the 'ell did I get so lucky like that? Probably out of luck I'm guessing. It wasn't long until she decided to move out. Now I could finally catch a glance of not only the rest of her body, but her face as well. And as she did sit next to me, I've realized that my heart had suddenly stopped its pompous motions. My whole body went frozen, and I were petrified and stuck on my spot. I haven't realized my mouth were wide opened. I had never seen such beautiful and attractive creature in my whole life. An absolute goddess of all goddesses. I must be seriously dreaming because if it aren't the case, then I must be in heaven from now on. She was such an angel. An angel coming to get me from all troubles. So perfect, so delicate, so everything altogether. I couldn't stand it. I think I had to geez in my pants for at least 10 times every time I had to stare her in the eyes. Her beautiful and natural plumped lips, exactly like those black women have. Those large and tempting brown eyes. Her small and tiny nose. Her wide and bright, straight teethes. Her long black hair that stops near to her bum. Her little squared jaw that I imagine myself bite a million times a day, just for sake of making her moan my name over and over again until it sounds endless to my ears. Oh dear, I want to kiss those lips like those open petals of a growing flower. I want to taste her all over, and just the thought of it makes me have an intense shiver down my spine and everywhere in my body. I must get her, she's way too good for me. I know I cum now, but I cum just for you baby, just wait till daddy comes for real. The other girl I have met today doesn't even beat the heavy hotness that this woman has in every way imaginable. Even Angelina Jolie does not fit the category. Italian-Jewish looking. I could take a picture of her there and keep it with me until I bloody die and hoping it will be firmly placed in my hand if they ever decide to bury me. I'm fucking barmy. I lose my fucking marbles over her. She drives me fucking crazy just by her standing there. Shite. I was right, I wanna tear that dress in millions of pieces and bonk her like Jack the Rabbit style until she bleeds all over the place and sweat from every inch of her flawless and tall body. Drop vanilla ice cream down her fanny and lick it as best as I could do with a simple cone. She is the reason for me to give up all humanity and porn. The only sexual-intercourse I would have will be with her and her only. That made me think to go and buy some old erotica book for practice. God, she gets me hard. So fucking hard, it's outrageously unbearable. I sweat and blush so much that I feel like my whole body would be exploding like a-bomb. Now, that's official, she's mine. I just already fucking love her and no one will stop me from thinking so. Me - (Finishing my line) Fuck! Hot Girl - (Wide-eyed, but worried) Oh, I'm really sorry! I haven't seen you coming! Me - (I smirk) Me neither, sugar! I hate acting like such a hot shot, but I have to. It's bullocks, I know, but for this case I cannot let her get back to her activity without impressing her and making her love me at first sight. I don't want to lose her. But also, I'm accustomed for calling women like: Sugar, Cherry, Honey, Hon, Doll* and others. I know I'm a prick, but aren't we all boys? The only goal I have now, is to see her smile for once. And she did. She blushed at the same time. The fucking best thing in the world. She looks shy compare to what I have imagined. Cute. I got up and gave her my hand for her to lift herself back up again. At least she delightedly accepted it. As she was back to her feet, I took back her hand and twisted it until she made her way around my arms in circle, like those usual tango dance. And as she beautifully made it through, I cleverly after decided to place on her hand. Generally girls don't like to get these kind of attention at first. They might as well slap you across the face in high regard. But one thing I was sure about, was that she showed me that she weren't from here. Sure she talk wonderfully like all of us British, but there is still something that I feel about her, that I won't feel from other women around here in Bristol. Oh, never mind. Me - (Smirking at her) Cheers, doll! I examined her whole body one last time, before walk away backwardly like I did when I first went through her. Me - (Walking away backwardly to face her one last time, before turning my back on her) See you later alligator! Damn. My plan amazingly turns great. Exactly as I would've like to expect. I'm a genius. As me, Freddy and JJ were walking and heading to the gym, no one were suspecting us. JJ shyly smiled to himself. I knew that he thought as well that she was radiant. And I think Freddy thought as well, but I don't care. I wasn't interested. JJ - Not for a short while crocodile! Me - (Annoyed) Did I asked you to say that? JJ - Sorry! She was so bloody and insanely hot! Honestly, I've never laid my eyes to someone as pretty and sexy both in the same time in my whole entire plebeian existence of living! What a wonderful creature that God has brought into earth! Seriously! Me - (Agreeing) Fucking are, heh? JJ - Really beautifully sexy! Her face and all! Freddy - Yeah, she wasn't looking at you, JJ! JJ - Neither did she to you, Freddy! Freddy - (Pissed) Shut up, JJ! JJ - Affirmative, sergeant! Freddy - I said shut up, JJ! It's not that complicated! JJ - Ok! Well, it kind of is! Freddy - JJ? JJ - What? Freddy doesn't answer. JJ - What? Again. JJ - WHAT? Freddy - See? JJ - See what? Freddy - See you can't shut up! I laughed out loud. Oh dear Freddy, you what's in my mind. JJ - Well it's not my fault if you're calling me for no reasons? Freddy - Did I say I wanted an answer? JJ - Yes? Freddy - (Looking at him confuse) Yes? JJ - Yeah? Freddy - (Emotionless) No! JJ - Oh! (Brigitte POV) I had watched the 3 boys disappearing in, what I see is the gym. This boy I had ran through and that fell on me was kind of cute. I think they were all interested in me. All wide-eyed. That makes me wanna laugh, but thankfully I haven't. I didn't know this boy's name, but he sure were charming. I bet a little womanizer with a strange charm, but I'm guessing he got me on that one. His short brownish hair and his beautiful blue eyes. I bet he could be good in bed. As handsome as he is. NO, Brigitte think straight. Oh fuck it. I'm not gonna call myself Brigitte anymore. Nor does Bridget fits me either. I'm gonna call myself... Stone. Like my last name. That's it. No change. Female voice from behind me - Hi! I turned my whole body behind and saw the girl that had been staring at me the whole time I arrived in the entrance. It was...Effy. and she was not alone. She was accompanied by her friend that kept talking to her about... I don't remember what. The Childish Blonde girl. Me - (I smile with enthusiasm) Hi! The Childish Blonde girl squirm through Effy to show up her lighting face, with full excitement and handed her hands to me to shake. Which I gladly accepted. Childish Blonde Girl - (While shaking unsteadily my hand) Hello! I'm Pandora! I'm useless and Effy only friend! Effy - (Rudely to her) Shut up, Pandora! Pandora - I'm sorry, Eff! Me - (A little shocked) Oh, um... I'm Bridget Stone! But call me Stone! (I half-lie) I'm a French exchange student! But don't tell anyone! She looks like she would. Hope not. Hope I can believe she wouldn't. Effy - Oh, you're French! You don't sound like it at all! Me - (It's the moment to show them, as I spit out my best Parisian French accent) Vraiment? Ah Bont! Both looked at my their mouth open. I know it sounds different than what they would've thought. Pandora - (All the more excited) Oh my god that was totally cool! Teach me how to! Me - (I chuckled) Maybe a little bit later! I hope! I'll be glad to if I could! Effy - (Gives her hand for me to shake as I immediately shook it as well) I'm Elizabeth! But call me Effy! We stopped shaking hands as she starting speaking. Effy - We've practically have the same name! Stonem mine is! But I'll call you Stone if you prefer it! Like I like to be called Effy! Don't worry, I won't get you in trouble for anything! Thank God for that. Me - (Smiling) Thanks! Pandora - But if you're French, how come do you know how speak English all that well? Effy - (Rolls her eyes) Oh please, Pandora! (Harshly) Really? She was staring at her with a death glare and I couldn't catch exactly why Effy was so harsh with her. She haven't done anything. Now I'm starting to see that Effy really thinks of her as useless, as Pandora just told me. She shouldn't feel that way. Me - (Trying to keep it stable with Effy, but without being rude of course) No it's ok, it's just a question that's all! Maybe I should stop saying \"that's all!\" If you know what I mean. Me - (Continuing) Well to answer it clearly, my dad is British, so that's what makes it, well... it! I've learned from here and that's how I've got here! Not particularly true, but let's say. Pandora - Cool! Effy - Oh God, Pandora would you belt up for one second in your life! Ouff... that was horrible. Is she on drugs or what? I've never really met someone as mean like that, apart from my dad eventually. Maybe I shouldn't question it. Maybe she really does have some problems and I'm not supposed to know about it. I wish, if it were the case, but let's just try to forget it. Me - (Laughing it off) No it's ok! I've just moved here with my dad! It's his birth town! After my parents had just split, I was forbidden to see my mother and forced to live with my rich father! Effy - Oh! That makes sense! Pandora - Awful! This time Effy haven't rolled her eyes for once, because of Pandora supposed worthless allegation. She just stood there listening to my story. Me - Yeah! But the truth is... (I have to tell them) I don't really like my father! Are you kidding me, I despise him. I grow a huge and personal hatred towards him. Effy - Oh, well, that makes us quite ironically linked and almost as well similar on that fact! I hate my dad as well! Not too much, but sometimes yes! Me - (Not lying) I wish I could back to France! Effy - But you cannot right? Me - Nop! (Changing subject. To Pandora. Just for curiosity) But why did you just call yourself useless, if I may ask? Pandora - (Smiling like she does not care) Oh, that's Effy that calls me that! Effy - (Refusing to stare at Pandora, but you could see that she was grinning her teeth out) Pandora! Pandora - Well it's true, isn't it? (She turns to me with a wide smile) But I don't mind, really! Is she forced to say that or is she really serious. I think it's both. I feel some pity for her. Me - So why are you girls friends anyhow? Pandora - Oh that's because I'm the only one who can comfort her, despite her lack of usual contentment and emotional disabilities! Not in my side of course! Effy - (Yelling) Pandora, shut up! Well for that one, I'll have to agree that she must've shut up. No one likes to be represented with emotional disabilities. Be it isn't her fault. Pandora - I'm only trying to tell the truth, Eff! Effy - Yeah, but the truth can hurts! True. Pandora - Oh I'm sorry! (Opens her arms wide with a big contenting smile) Want a hug? Effy - (She went wide-eyed and step way back out in distance from her. She surely didn't want to get a hug) I think we should go to the gym! Want to come with us? I've met few and interesting people lately! Some of them told me about you! How... (She looked over me to head till toe) sexy you really looked! Me - (Surprised) Me? Effy nods. Me - Already? Effy - Yes! (Smiles a little) Don't worry I don't bite! I'm new too! And so does she and so does everyone! I'm guessing we're two contemplative muse, I suppose! I didn't no what 'ell she meant by that, but the only thing that I could say was \"Yeah!\" We 3 went into the gym. Last I've seen, I think I will be able to see the strange, but sexy guy that had just made me trip and then kissed my hand for an apology today, right after I had met Pandora and Effy personally. My two, now, best friends. And if I may say, I've never really had best friends or even friends. My peers were all too snob for me. But here it looks like an easy place to make friends. I'm shocked. The interior of the gym were gigantic and pretty normal looking. We were installed in the corner on blue benches lined up and down with a placard stabled on top of our heads, for a sign of welcome for our last year of high-school, saying \"Roundview College, Your gateway to the future\". Me, Effy and Pandora were sitting down on the lowest bench. I would've liked to sit higher, but I didn't mind really. At least we were not the last ones to come in. I looked up from my bench and saw the guy that had hit me earlier. He was smirking straight at me, as I smirked back, but went smiling to myself with pure shame. I had realize that he was looking at me the whole time I took my first step in the gym. What a cheeky lad. He should've invite me over before it was too late. Gosh he had great features. Beautiful plumped lips, even with him biting and sucking on his black pen was awfully attractive to me. And his red shirt. Such a boyish fucker. Woah, Stone. Calm down. He's only a boy. Fucking cute one, but behave. Oh shite, he's still looking at me. Gosh that is embarrassing. (Cook POV) I was looking at her since the beginning. I will never stop staring at her, even if my whole life depends on it. Finally she looked up to me once more and smiled. This perfect smile of hers. JJ - (Smiling to himself) She smiled at me! Cook - (I knew that she smiled at me, but I didn't have to argue for that) Cool! Freddy - She, erm, didn't smile at you, JJ! Freddy was right. She was smiling at me. Though, thanks for backing me up dude. JJ - I think you'll find she did! Mum was right! A lack of pubic hair isn't necessarily a drawback! Freddy - It is a drawback! JJ - Girls are more interested in my character than my cock! And that's just been proved! Freddy - But she was not looking at you! Fuck me you're blind! JJ - On the contrary! My eyesight is keen! Freddy - Yeah? How many fingers am I holding up? Freddy shows up his five fingers. JJ - F... (Gets hit on the head with his palm) Ow! (He puts his hands dramatically on his head and whispers) You always do that! Me - (I laugh) I've got so much cock hair I can backcomb it and use it like a lure! A female voice from behind me - Nice! I quickly turn and saw a nice looking, blonde girl. She had short bleached blonde hair. And a wore colourful, flowered outfit. Me - (Maybe I could take advantage of that one) Like a porcupine! Blonde haired girl - Right, your all prick! Me - (Wow, she had to go that far) Toosh! Blonde Haired Girl - (Looking down on me) You mean touché! I grew an instant urge to look over her fanny for some perverted reason, but than she wasn't pleased so I stopped. Me - (I smiled) Probably! Blonde Haired Girl - (She sat down) Tosser! Me - (Feisty) Nice! She looked pleased with my answer as she smiled a bit and I laughed. Oh ok, now the teachers are coming. Me - (I point to the audience) Here we go! We were hearing some dumb music popping out of the blue, while our teachers appeared suddenly from the entrance door. People kept talking and talking. And may I say, the headmistress is pretty mighty good looking. Headmistress - Could I have your attention, please? Yes, we are starting! The principal - (Activating the alarm talker and yelling through it) Attention! Pay attention! Headmistress - (Continuing) Welcome to Roundview College! We are a designated four star educational establishment under the National \"We're All In It Together Initiative\" leading to ultimate improvement status! Anyone who screws that up will be officially burnt at the stake! The Principal - And expelled! Headmistress - Yes, and expelled! God help you all, you're gonna get some qualifications! Any questions? Farting noice, as everyone started to laugh, so did I. Headmistress - Thank you! Now, before I turn you over to your form tutors, I'd like to tell you something about the way in which we organize our... Another farting noise has been heard before the Headmistress could adjust her last words. Wow, in that short time. She doesn't seem to quite love this attention of course. She looked quite pale to my view and a little nervous. Headmistress - Right! Very Funny! (Yelling rather impatiently) This is further education college, not a primary school. Another annoying farting noise drops again. Cheeky bastard. As the people laughs every time it does. Headmistress - (Yelling more to the audience, while pointing her index finger at them) Stop it! Stop it! I'll cut your balls off, you cheeky little turds! You hear me! Now I hear some pride to myself. This woman has more balls than almost any of us. But still pretty disrespectful. Again a farting noise had been heard, but this time it was a long, long-lasting one. We've realized while looking from behind the Headmistress, that the noise came directly from the Headmaster. It was in fact HIM. Headmaster - I do apologize! I think I might be at fault! Too much rhubarb on my Ready Break! Havoc! Headmistress - (Disoriented) Right! Headmaster - You are looking a little flushed! Do you want me to...? Headmistress - (Denies with cautiousness) No! No! Just... And as everyone became silent for once, we've watched patiently the Headmistress making her flushed gestures, if I suppose it was. But to me, she looked more like a disabled woman, trying to calm her nerves from the prattles that were making her so unconsciously nervous. She was closing her eyes, whilst tilting her head up and smelling the air with torment. Maybe I felt bad for her bad luck. But maybe it's good sometimes to not feel so much compassion towards things that don't really have to relate to you. Headmistress - (Going back to herself normally) Just last year, we had some intolerable incidents! So, I want to make this easy for you! The following will result in instant expulsion - smoking on the premises, consumption of pornography on the premises, teacher abuse, glue abuse, self abuse, sexual intercourse with any other student, teacher or animal or combination of the above including oral sex and/or use of sex toys, on the premises! My God. What a joke. I cannot believe that shite. I've laughed the whole way uncontrollably, because I know I will be the last person in this school to ever try to make these rules to be substantial. I will definitely do all of these. Especially with that girl that had just bumped in today. What a fox. Headmaster - (To the Headmistress) That was nasty! Headmistress - (Putting her arms around the shoulder of a fearful young lady) Miss Reedy, our new head of communications! Miss Reedy is joining us from... We couldn't hear them through their whisperings, but one thing we could be all sure about, was that she was far from the person whom could survive instantly in this kind of gathering. She looked so pathetically restless and profoundly innocent. Good one. Headmistress - (Rolls her eyes and exits behind) Oh Christ! She left the place to Miss Reedy. She had a pad with her. Miss Reedy - Form BD1, say your name, plea-please, when you pu-put your hands up, plea-se, when I call your, erm, name! She was stuttered pretty much the whole way and I couldn't bare to hear one single word from her own mouth. I was right. She isn't going to pass the test. Miss Reedy - (Calling names) Emily Fitch?... Katie Fitch?... Jonah Jeremiah Jones? JJ - JJ, present! Miss Reedy - James Cook! Me - (Putting my hands in air) Yo! JJ slapped my hands up. Finally at least we were together. There's only Freddy left. Miss Reedy - Bridget Stone? Stone - Here! I looked over this familiar voice, and realized that it was the girl whom I had bumped on with earlier this morning. Gosh... YES! She's in my form. Finally. I thought I was going to literally die here with pure boredom. Now I know this year is going to be very very very special to me. Fuck I'm lucky. She looked over me with a little smirk on her face. Gosh, this Bridget girl, makes me go wild at heart. I smiled at her and winked. Miss Reedy - Elizabeth Stonem? Ah, the girl I've met before this Bridget girl. That's pretty cool. I imagined myself having a threesome with Bridget Stone and Elizabeth Stonem here. That'll be a great deal. My two rolling stones. *wink Miss Reedy - Mavis Jarundi?... Dobrislawa W-Wieczorek? I'm sorry, you're foreign! Frederick McLair? Freddy - Yes! JJ both slapped Freddy's hand and then into mine. I gladly smacked his before looking over to this Bridget girl. We were finally together. What a chance. My crush, my second crush, my two best friends. What else do I need? And the list goes on. JJ - (To Freddy) The integrity of the unit is preserved! I'm still deeply unhappy with you, mind, on account of the unwarranted violence! Freddy - All right, I said I'm sorry! Miss Reedy - And Naomi Campbell?! People started laughing and so did I. What a name... Campbell! I wonder whose name is it? Miss Reedy - (Whispering worriedly to herself) Naomi Campbell... Campbell? Headmaster - (On his speaker) Naomi Campbell! A familiar voice from behind - Fucking 'ell! It was the blonde girl I had spoke to at first behind me. I've laughed when I had realized. Poor girl. She must've been bullied for this shite. I feel bad. I'll protect her, since I already like her. Me - (Calling her, while laughing a bit) Hey, Naomi! (She finally looks at me) Now I get it! You got anger management issues! Naomi - (With a fake smile) Mmm, only when I talk to wankers! Feisty. Me - (Smiling) Cool! (Motions to her boots) You gonna hit me with your shoe now, or...? She gave her fake smile again, but then gave me her beautiful middle finger. I laughed. Man, I love her. She's different. Me - I like her! For a minute now I had stayed quiet, until I decided to do something I will love her to know. Me - (Calling her, while she looked busy whilst watching something I don't really care about) Hey babe! Babe! Babe! Babe! Babe! Naomi - (Rolls her eyes in exasperation) Sorry, I'm not a babe! Me - No? Well, I'll be the judge of that! Freddy - Shut up, Cook! Sorry about him! I looked over at Freddy. Why is he even minding? Me - No it's cool! (Now to her) Now listen, trying to break the ice! Guess what I've got tattooed on my cock? JJ - Cook, no! Cook - (Ignoring JJ) Go on! Guess! I placed myself so she can see me positioned, showing off my great cock through my jean. I invited her to know what I meant. Cook - What would you say? Naomi - (She lifted her hand in the air) Excuse me? Great, now she's calling the Headmistress. Headmistress - Yes? What is it? Naomi - The boy next to me is acting inappropriately! Headmistress - (Non impressed) How? Naomi - (Looks up to me) He wants to show me his tattoo! And not in a nice way! Headmistress - Right! You! Woah, she's looking at me now. I don't mind. Me - Me? Headmistress - Yes! Why don't you show us all your pathetic tattoo! We can wonder at its magnificent stupidity! Me - (I laughed, while not insisting. Trying to calm her a bit) No, I don't think you'd like it! Headmaster - (Yelling through his speaker) Right lad! Smartish! You've had an instruction! Show her the tattoo, NOW! I gave up. This is a nice opportunities for everyone to see how clearly great my John Thomas is for once. It's show times ladies and gentlemen. Let's do it. Let's do it for you too Bridget girl. Me - (Getting up) All right! Freddy - (Realizing which one I'm going to show) Wait! No, no, no! Cook, wait, no! Please, please! I took my pants and boxers down, so they could now have a great view of how it is really. As everyone started to laugh, I eyed over Bridget, as she shamelessly laughed with her Elizabeth and another. I started bonking the air for more reaction, which I successfully brought. I loved how it'd turned. Even if both JJ and Freddy were ashamed and hiding their face with their hand. I was glad I had came to that point. My friends were right about me. I have no limits concerning this. As it made a ravage of laughters, Miss Reedy started to abnormally and highly flip out, as she grabbed the Headmaster's shirt and asked him for letting her out of here. But she came to this point where she ran to the wrong exit door, while she was attempting to leave. Bunch of sport objects fell out. But then I told myself, I've done enough for the day, so I came putting back my boxer and pants back on. I was scanning at Bridget and smirked while winking at her. I knew that Elizabeth saw it all. She was surely not impressed by me bringing the attention tot Bridget mostly than to her. Damn I love jealousy. It can be cute sometimes. Headmaster - This is unacceptable! Unacceptable! As we all silenced one last time, all because of the long-lasting farting noise again. We've realized that it was coming again from the Headmaster. But this time, it was way louder. Headmaster - I do apologize again! (*Stone POV) We went off of the gym and I was still accompanied with Effy and Pandora. I think I'm starting to like Cook now. He's so cheeky and somehow he always manage to make me smile. Even after all these crazy things that we've been through. Effy - You love him don't you? Me - (Surprised) Hmm, who? Effy - Don't be silly! That Cook guy! He has a big eye on you, haven't you seen that? Me - (Lying) No! Pandora - I'm sure he does! He was always looking at her the whole time we've been over at the gym! What a funny guy he is! Do you think he'll do surf and turf with me, Eff? Effy - (Coldly) No! I don't know what exactly is wrong with her, but I don't think she appreciate the fact that he finds me attractive. Even worse, I don't she think likes me at all. What have I done to her? Nothing. I don't know why she complains. I'm sure a lot of guys are interested in her too. I'm not kidding. She's beautiful. But maybe a little bit too rough for my taste. But I'll get along with that. Pandora - (Sad) Sorry! Me - I'm sorry, why are you so rude with her? Effy - I'm sorry why do you mind? Me - I was just asking! Effy - (Rudely) Yeah, and I was just answering, ok! Why don't you tour a little bit for a while and we'll see each other's later, ok! Me - Ok! Effy - I'll be at the locker's girl room! See you a bit! Pandora - (Waving at me with a smile) See yah! I smiled at her as they both vanished from my sight into another room. At least I knew were the locker's girl room were. This will become my locker room for the rest of this year. I've seen it before bumping up to this Cook guy. What a great fantasist. Anyway, this reminds me that I have to go to the bathroom. For about 2 weeks now, I haven't been able to (sorry) shite correctly. So I better get going before it's too late. (15 minutes later) It did not work, but I'll go back later today. Now I feel full of shite talking about it. Hihihi. But yeah. I went straight to the locker's girl room. When I arrived, even with the numerous girls standing over there, preparing themselves for their next course, I knew I couldn't find Effy anywhere. Nor did I've seen Pandora. Oh, right. She's not in our class I think. But anyways. (Cook POV) I was kicked in the nuts. Or might as well say the bullocks by an attractive, deaf and mute student in the locker's girl room. I just wanted to help JJ getting a blow-job after miraculously pulling off his magical tricks on that girl. Which hadn't turned out to be the way we wanted to. She was surprisingly accompanied by her mentor that had translated all the shite that I had said and whispered in the ear of JJ with simple hands gestures. Fuck me it hurts. Damn bitches. JJ - She may be deaf, she's also extremely rude! Me - (Squirming a bit) Yeah! After a second, I was watching a familiar bum passing by. It was of course the one of the beautiful, drop-dead gorgeous Miss Stone. Even JJ stopped his way through handling my way up. I felt no longer the urge to squirm anymore. It was the time for me to make the first move. And nothing in the world would ever try to stop me from doing it. She walked to her locker, but she glanced a couple of seconds over the room without seeing us. She looked a bit lost and in the same time, innocent. Not like Miss Reedy. Freddy - (Coming to them) What's going on lads? What had I missed? Both me and JJ were way too petrified by her beauty that his word didn't even resonate to our ears. We didn't move. Not even a bit. Freddy - (Glancing over at Bridget) Oh yes! Isn't the girl you've just bumped over this morning? Me - (Still not moving) Yeah! JJ - (Still not moving) Bridget Stone! Freddy - Yes, that's it! She's hot! Me - She's the reason of my existence! Freddy - Then why don't go and ask her out if she's so important to your existence! I looked over at him. He was right. I should. Right here, right now. But I've got something in my head. Me - (Sighs) Right! You're right! I'll go! JJ - You don't want me to go with you? You know... I could show her some of my magic tricks! Me - (I hesitated) No, JJ! You stay right here! I don't want my cock to be broken in pieces after what had just happened! Freddy - What happened? Me - Long story! Don't want to talk about! I really didn't. JJ - (Explaining to him) He got kicked in the bollocks by a deaf girl! Freddy - How come? JJ - (Smiles to him) Long story! Me - Jesus! (Taking the biggest breath of my life) Do you still have your mint wash gum, Freddy? Freddy - Sorry, just finished them! Had to! Me - You're an arsehole! Freddy - I said I'm sorry! Me - All right, mate! Let's... As I attempted to finish my sentence, I had been cut by me, looking over at Bridget, taking some top button while putting some cream over her neck and down until it reached her showy cherry-blossom pink bra under her dress after taking her neckless off and putting it right in his locker. It excited me like three volcano erupting altogether in the same time. She was too much for me to handle. Her little and flawless tanning skin excited me all the more with the rest of her. My dick is hard now. So hard that it could be exploding at any time. I looked over at JJ and Freddy, and they both had their mouth gaped. I laughed and looked over at her one more time, before making my way to her. She was unbuttoning the rest of her buttons and placed the cream in her locker before closing it back. Me - Here I go boys! It's showtime! I went walking through the crowd of sublime women, but no one could even beat Bridget's level. NO ONE, I well said. I stopped on her left right in front of her as she had her back turned upon me. She was getting her handbag stuffed before she even turned to see me out of the blue. And when she did, her eyes went wide as she moved her way back unto some of the small locker. I laughed to her reaction. I always did. She looked really startled by my sudden emergence. Me - Hi! Bridget - (Shyly smiles) Hi! I've turned my head over my shoulder to see if Freddy and JJ were still watching. And they were. I'm sure in their head that they were beginning to tell how much of a lucky bastard I really was now. And I do have to believe is the truth. And turn back to watch her beautiful face. Her so delicate and modelish face. And couldn't help, but smile. Me - So what you're doing? Bridget - Well, I'm getting to class, why? Me - Well I was just seeing you, me and my friends! And I thought for a second, why is such a beauty like you, doing in such a place like this? Can you tell me, because I'm kind of lost? Bridget - I was wondering myself about it! Me - Really? Bridget - (Smiles) Yeah! But what exactly do you want to tell me? Me - Well...I was just wondering if you would like to have sex with me? Like right now! Her smile started fading. Oops, what did I say? Shite! I'm a rubbish pig! Me - What? I know what. And that doesn't sound to please her really. Bridget - (Swallows deeply) I think you should go now! I'm not interested, sorry! Just not now! Me - Then when now? Bridget - Can you just go? So now we can be even! Me - How can we be even if we cannot have sex? Bridget - (Rudely) I don't know, you tell me! That means you can go screw yourself for thinking so! I should've kept my mouth shut on that one. Gosh, what a life I've been wasting. \"Ok!\" was all I could say before awkwardly walking off and go straight to my pals. I was so desperate. I had never felt like this before. I feel the sorrow of rejection. I should've asked her out instead of skirting around my only desire to bonk her. Now it went too far. I wish the 'ell out that I could take it right back, but what's done has been done. Freddy - How was it? Did you asked her out? Me - (Coldly) No! Let's go! Freddy - Shite! (JJ POV) I was frozen. I couldn't believe what I was watching. Sincerely. I gazed at Bridget for a long moment and couldn't stop myself from doing it. I felt like an overpowered magnet, drawn into the deep and beautiful sea. She makes me lose all my marbles. Freddy - (Tapping my shoulder) Let's go, JJ! Let's get out of here! Both Freddy and Cook were leaving, while I just stood there. Watching her. And as she looked at me suspiciously. I just couldn't help, but smile and wave at her. Maybe it was way too robotic to my look of how I've done it, but I cannot hire a grim reaper for sake to go back were it all began, my awkwardness of being and how I first managed myself to get her attention. Maybe I was thinking too much about it. And some say that it's way too dangerous for my health. As I finished waving her, she miraculously waved at me back with her cute smile. I looked behind me, just to make sure if she weren't waving at someone else, but there was nobody. Just me. So I smiled back at her. She not only does look great in every physical form possible, but also does she look bright and wise behind her ears. Someone perfect. The perfect match for me. I always thought so. She has to be my girlfriend. Or my future wife. Or both. Or even just my first fuck. Like Cook always told me. But I don't want to be like him. I want to be myself. I want her to be my first. And I want her to admire me for being me. Not just for my physical attribute. And both of us could share our thoughts and not minding about other's one. Right up when I was about to step up and walk up to her, a hand dragged me and pulled my shirt to the side. It was Freddy's one. Freddy - Come on, you git! JJ - Now she smiled at me! Freddy - Good, JJ! JJ - Your bet has been abducted on that case now! Case closed! Now let's see if you can steer this chance! Freddy - No! JJ - Ok! (Stone POV) I was watching this strange friend of this Cook guy being dragged out by his friends. It's too bad. He could've keep me company. This Cook guy only wants to get in my pants. And I've just proved him, with every reasonable matter, that he won't. And that is for good. But where might of Effy's been? Maybe she was too pissed at me earlier because of my backing for Pandora. And that she haven't liked it. Yeah, I'm starting to believe she did this for putting me down. All I wanted was to know her troubles and get to know her. It seems like she's not an overall person, but somehow I still support her no matter what. And that doesn't derange me. I walked off and have seen both Effy and Pandora standing on opposites walls. Their back pressed upon it. Pandora - (To Effy with full impatience) What are we waiting for? Effy - (Caught me staring at them) Stone! Pandora - Oh that's why? Hey Stone! Me - (Walking to them, smiling) Hi! (To Effy) I thought you all left me? Effy - No! Sadly we didn't! For a moment I felt confused at her response, but then she smiled for once. Effy - Just joking! I was just having a little rough day, that's all! Come with us! Me - (I gladly accepted) Sure! We began to walk in the halls, while hundreds of people were looking at us. Especially to me, on my concern. Which had led me of not caring more. Pandora - Shove it it's bloody annoying they put us in different forms! I mean, OK, I'm totally useless and mum says I have to do Hair & Beauty, but I'm good at Philosophy! I can't understand why I can't do Hair and Philosophy! You can't cause it turns out Hair & Beauty is one subject, not two! Blooming Nora, how mad is that? Effy - It's inexplicable, Pandora! Pandora - Yeah! Inexplicable! What does inexplicable mean, Eff? Effy - Can't explain! Pandora - All right! Suit yourself then! I laughed. Pandora was charming and all, but she wasn't putting her head into the right spot this time. As we walked near our classroom, a rather macho looking guy with blonde hair, walked to us. Macho Looking Guy - Woah! (While scanning at me, as I rolled my eyes over) Not another one. I have enough of macho guys around me today. Diva Twin - Hi, I'm Katie! Macho Looking Guy - I'm Bruno and what do you know? (Looking at me and Effy) Hello? Who's your friends? (Pointing at me as I showed my best disgusted look) Especially that one, oww! Me - (To Effy) Is this the type of friend you were talking about? Effy - (Serious) No! Don't worry! Bruno - (Unsure of what I meant by that) Hum...? Pandora - (Blocking us through our way) Hey, I'm Pandora! Wow! You're corker! Both me and Effy were smiling at each other since we knew exactly that Bruno was going to be flipped by Pandora supposed annoying behaviour. A render thanks to her, since she's saving us from the situation, even though she really does mean what she's complimenting to him. I think me and Effy are starting to getting along pretty well in my opinion. We both think pretty much the same thing. Plus I don't think I feel any rivalries anymore. So I'm guessing that's good, in't? I would never even imagining myself with this knob head. Popular one's don't interest me that much. They are posers and I hate posers. Especially the one's that only see through the physical form of the opposite gender as if it were some kid's game. That is just plain selfish and gormless. I wish I could just tell him to bug off, but then, Pandora does such a good job getting him into this final push, so I let her do the job. And so does Effy. That's great. That's a starting point to our friendship... never surrender. I'm starting to really like Pandora by the way. She's so cute, but because of her unusual way of dressing, it somehow makes her unapproachable. Not to me nor Effy. But a lot of common people around here. And that makes me sad, because she's such a good-hearted person. Bruno - (Unsure and Awkward) Thanks, hum, it's nice to... I got to go! YES! He left. He left awkwardly. It was like he was going to weep or something. But I didn't care if he would've or not, because that'll teach him to walk back and thinking about how to get on with us. Sadly, he did not. Cool. Thanks Pandora. You're our new apprentice saviour. But I'm well sure that there is still a long way to go for that. I'm already feeling that there is indeed, a lot a eyes on me again. Lots of people wanting to know me. But most of them are cheap. And they are most of the times, just guys. Why can't I not have girl friends. Well now I have Pandora and Effy. But I wish I could have some more. And some boy friends that could at least be respectful to me, instead of telling me to go to bed with them. Just like this Cook guy. Oh God, what a wanker. So disrespectful. So... ugh... I cannot even find the right words for him. It's best if I just keep it that way. Then I wouldn't have to feel so much pity or loving affection towards him, that's for sure. But in the same it, it's so hard not to love him through his wildness. Though I wouldn't really match his with mine, but I'm trying to collect myself for not messing around so much. I have some tempting ideas that throws me like a windshield when I'm wild. It's better if I keep it locked in my mind-cage. There it will lay by itself and never come out, unless if I need to throw a fit. Now, that's my weakness of being. Not to throw a fit. I could've just done it to my father this morning, but I was way too tired to do it. After all, it's my first day here right? I wasn't going to jam it under a pillow (Way of saying). Pandora - Strewth! Do you think he'll do surf and turf with me, Eff? Effy - (Smirks) I'll ask! Oh yeah. I don't think it'd work. Not a fat chance it would. That was the reason Effy had smirk. It means this laddy lad won't have to bother any of us anymore. Good. Better off that way. Pandora - Gotta go! Lesson one, practical skills! Filling our nails - handy! (Looks over to the twins behind her) I'm Pandora by the way! I'm useless! Then she left before I escaped a small chuckle. She was so silly. She shouldn't call herself useless to anybody. Now I'm really and honestly tired of thinking that Effy had been wasting Pandora's time by telling her how useless she is. She wasn't useless to us when she made this guy Bruno leave after the lack of respect he had sent to us. Especially to me. Why should Pandora suppress herself in front of everyone. That just fondly breaks my heart. She is not useless. She isn't trash. Just a little misunderstood. But I like her through all she can give. And that is all what imports to me. Her happiness with being good to herself. Sometimes we have to live through our weakness, because this is where you'll find your own strength. And I felt like I could be with her all the way. Let me just start with Effy first, then some of the problems will maybe ceased at no time. Least I hope. If she could just let me and trust me. The Diva Twin - (To me and Effy) Cute! Effy escaped a fake smile. We knew the Diva Twin was talking about Pandora. And how weird she looked. Definitely not the type of girl she would look up to. But why judging? It's always about judging others, putin. Sorry. That's not good. But still, I don't have to agree to whatever she may think of her. She's my friend after all. Me - (Smiling) Yeah! The Diva Twin - I'm Katie! She points her finger behind to the direction of her other sister. The one that I felt bad about not talking to this morning. The Nice Twin let's call her for now. As her diva sister pointed at her without looking, she didn't look so impressed or excited to let us know about her. I just couldn't understand why? It's her sister. Katie* - That's my sister! Me - (Smiling and calling to her) Hi! The Nice Twin - (Embarrassed) Hi! I saw Effy grinning at her next to me. We both knew we weren't going to leave that one out, since she looks much more interesting than her other diva sister, Katie. Damn. They looked so much alike. I know they are twins, but they are very very much identical. Their hair colour was both unnaturally red. Honestly, it wasn't that bad, but it certainly were not a natural red hair colour. It was way too red. But it still looked quite good on both of them. I thought it matched well their tiny and cute face, if I must say the truth. The only dissimilarity that I had been detecting so far from both of them, was their clothes and their, well, personality. Either way, they both looked a like. Please don't wear the same clothes, I might get very very confuse. But they don't look like they will be wearing the same clothes one day, won't they? Hope not. But that is not what I will once expect from them. Katie - (To Effy) Aren't you Effy Stonem? Haven't you got a really cool brother? Effy - Yeah, he's cool! Wow, I didn't know she had a brother. Is he cute? Kidding. Katie - All my friends fancied him! I wasn't so fussed! Didn't he go mental? Gee girl, you don't ask people that sort of thing. That's not right. She's my friend for God's sake. Maybe her brother did go mental, but that aren't your bloody business. Did I went saying that your sister was mental? No. I don't think you'll be too FUSSED either to hear that? And I won't, because I respect her. Even if I don't really much know her. It doesn't matter. It's the way it is for me. And it should be to anyone. Means... let it be. Like The Beatles song. Katie - Anyway I've got a boyfriend! Good for you then. We don't really care so much. Katie - He plays for Bristol Rover reserves! Fuck me that's so impressive...NOT. Effy - Impressive! WHAT? Oh ok, she's not serious. I've seen her face. Plus I know her a bit. She doesn't look like the type of person whom would be impressed by those kind of idiotic things that boys do. But WAIT. Wasn't it the guy that Katie was talking about this morning when I arrived? Ah Yes, it is. The pikey living dude. I haven't seen him yet, but I'm sure he's one of those guys that will pick up random girls to go to bed with, then leave them for anything else that moves around his sights. Some peck-fuckers, bell end, lazy sod. Please girl, get away from those one's. Katie - Yeah! He's well lush! I BET! BUT I don't care still. We need brains, not just physics dummy. Sorry. Not dummy. But else, she still acts like one. It's a free country. Woman should protect themselves more often than that. Where is the feminism in what she's actually doing? Nowhere. And that too is sad to me. Feminism don't exist anywhere anymore. That's why some of the girls like her would end up, getting into prostitution. Gosh, I have to save this girl from this prick. Katie - (To me) And you are? Me - Oh, hum... Effy - (Interrupting me) This is my friend, Bridget Stone! But she prefers to be called \"Stone\"! Katie - Nice to meet you, Stone! (Scanning my dress) I love your dress, it's so fancy, really! Me - Thanks! I don't really like people commenting on my clothes. It makes me feel uncomfortable, because I know that I'm posh. That's the problem. I rather die on the street with nothing, than end with my days, gaining some more bucks for nothing worth of doing. Being rich, isn't really an advantage. Being rich, is what brings people selfish and ignorant among others. A good example... my father. Him and his big business company. That is total bullshit. Katie - Oh my gosh, where did you bought it? Me - Oh, hum, I think it was in \"DKNY\"? Honestly, I don't remember really. I think it was \"DKNY\" or maybe \"TopShop\"? I don't even remember how much it cost or how the shop really looked like. See, this is brilliance of being rich. You never really remember exactly where you have gone so far to get the things that you own. Fuck, I don't care. I hate being posh. That's it. That's all I should say. And that's all I'll say. Being rich, is crappy and we don't need it. Katie - (Wide-eyed) DKNY? Are you serious? Shite, did I say something bad? I bet. Me - (Unsure) Yes? NO. I should've said NO. Katie - (Smiling) That's so brill! I always wanted to go there, but it's way too deer for my taste! Are you rich or something? Now she had to say that. Why did she have to say that? I didn't ask her anything? Why is it so important for people to know if you're rich? I don't understand. We're not in the Outsiders are we? No. I'm not a soc nor a greaser. Hell we are not even in the 50's or 60's anymore. Although in some part I wish. But that is a private thinking mine. Me - Well, yes, but... Katie - (Interrupting me) Let's sit all together! We can chat because, you know... we're the best-lookings in here! Really! Both me and Effy looked at each other questionably. Why does it matter so much if we're the best-lookings in this school? I rather not think about it. It makes me want to gag. It's so greedy and obnoxious. That is so not me. Katie - Sorry, but we are! Yeah, try to change my mind. Katie - We should hang out! Definitely! (Looked behind us and saw this blonde girl that were siting behind Cook in the gym earlier. Naomi Campbell her name. Poor girl. People made fun of her name) Naomi was coming nearer as Katie made a disgusted look. Katie - Oh, no, here it comes! Total lezzer bitch! Woah, she should calm down, Naomi is arriving. At least she arrived in the good moment before it could've turn into a total havoc. She should've as well shut up personally. That's not great to insult people like that. I'm sure she haven't done anything. Why does Katie have to be such a snob about her? Why her? She looks pretty and intelligent, all in the same time. I should be the one protecting her from all the trouble surrounding her. There's too much shite going around these days. Vraiment. Shite I should stop thinking French. Stop thinking French. Like my father said, because if I stick something out in French, people will get their wonders and might ditch me over. Not like Effy and Pandora of course. But when I was talking about having some new friends, I really meant it. I really did. And plus, I don't want to spoil my chances to have some more this year. If my father realizes what I will reveal if I don't shut up, he will, like he told me today, get rid of me. Shite, I can imagine how horrible it could be. But let's say that I still want my father. Even it's not true. I just want someone to keep an eye on me. Like Marjory for example. Naomi came and stopped to where Katie was blocking her way. She rolled her eyes. Naomi - Excuse me! Katie annoyed by her presence, letted her pass through our way anyway. I didn't care. She could pass wherever she wants. My problem is not her, my problem is Katie. She thinks that she's the centre of the world and that she's right to do anything that passes right through her mind. Those are one of the worst people ever. Katie - Like, girls, don't talk to her! She tried to snog my sister at middle school! Pervy! (To me) Don't you think so, Stone? Hum, no. Maybe it isn't your business Katie. Maybe you should just lay off a bit. It's not your life we're talking about, it's hers. And hers, is private. Get it? Out of the blue, Naomi just appeared behind Katie. Shite, she heard what she said. Maybe she'll blame me because Katie asked me what I thought. At least I didn't have to put a word on it. I didn't want to. Plus that story about Naomi is mean. Why should I agree with Katie? Fuck. If Naomi was indeed a lesbian, I'll say good for you and I'm proud too. At least you are who you are. But maybe I shouldn't think that way. Maybe she really isn't a lesbian. So I'll keep it low in myself. Meaning, I won't think of her that way until she say it herself. But no one will tell me what I do or don't want to hear. I want to hear it from the horse's own mouth. Nothing else. Naomi - Watch out, Katie! (Katie turns quickly to her) I might get confused and fuck you with my big strap-on by mistake! (She left) Now that was fucking clever and hilarious. Good comeback. I knew that she was awesome. Not just for her great look, but by my own senses that she was. Nice, girl! Team Naomi. I'm in. I escaped a small chuckle by accident as Katie was turning back to us. Katie - Muff-munching bitch! Ooof, war-of-the-world style now? Funny. Katie - (Turning to her sister) Just jumped on you didn't she? The Nice Twin - (Mad) Leave it Katie! Yeah, leave it, Katie. Thanks... other twin, I don't remember the name of. What a blast today is. Katie - (Again back to us) Whatever! Come on, girls! We'll get the best seats, yeah? As Katie went into the classroom, I've realized that Effy stopped before me, just to talk to the other twin. Effy - So you the doormat then? The Nice Twin - Sort of! Effy - (Before leaving into the classroom) It's interesting... that you just put up with that! The Nice Twin - (Sad) Yeah! While the Nice Twin was attempting to leave in the classroom, I decided for me to act for her. Meaning, to cheer her up. I can't just leave her that way. Me - (With a cheerful smile) Hey! (She stopped) I hope you're ok? If you ever need someone to talk to... you tell me, heh? Don't want to feel as bad as you are with her! I know how tough it must be for you to follow that one out! If there's any problem at all, you can follow me then! Don't worry, I don't bite! You can trust me entirely! I won't say anything bad about you or anyone! It's just not in my nature! The Nice Twin - (Smiles) Thanks! I knew you were different from the start! Like I knew this morning that you wanted so badly to talk to me, am I right? Me - Yeah, you're not wrong, that's for sure! I was perturbed about how you were feeling! I didn't know exactly what was happening to you? The Nice Twin - What made you go on? Me - (Sighs) (My father) Stuff! The Nice Twin - That bad? Me - Could be! Hum, is bad. My father fucking hates my guts. The Nice Twin - Well, let's have a little introductory for once! (She hands me her hand to shake, as I did) My name is Emily! Wow, so much hands to shake today. Wait. She said her name was Emily? Yeah, I've heard her name in the gym earlier today. Shite, how come did I forget it? Me - (Smiling) Nice to meet you Emily, my name is Bridget Stone! But you can call me \"Stone\", since everyone calls me that! I rather keep it that way, if it doesn't bother you? Or maybe... Emily* - (Laughs) No, no, it's ok, I like it! Stone! Well, Stone... cheers! Me - Hey, Best of British to you, girl! She smiled at my father's slang. I knew it was the right time to say it. Thanks Father. At least for that part. Even if his desire was not for me to have any friends. Then I'll have to say \"fuck you\" in that case. Sorry father. As Emily went into classroom, I was blocked my way into class by a masculine and strong hand. Familiar Voice - Excuse me, darling, Cookie has to pas... Shite, it was Cook, accompanied by his two friends, whom of I didn't bother much. But shite, why does Cook has to be in my class. Fucking BD1 Form. At first he didn't saw me, until I looked up to him. NOOOOOOOOOOO. Please, give me an invisible cape for me to go far far away from him. Cook - (Smirking and scanning me up and down. He was so intimidating) Ooooh, it's my favourite rolling stone! Why did I blush and smiled to that? Shite, he got me. Cook - (Still smirking to me) How are you doing, doll? To that surprise, I didn't smile. Well, it was obvious. I didn't like anybody calling me names. Especially... doll? Who the 'ell would like to be called doll? Unless you're an idiot. I think I got the answer now. Only idiots like it. Maybe Katie will like to be called doll by this dude? We never know? Me - (Disgusted) Why don't you get lost? I'll find my way on my own, thank you! Cook - (Still smirking) You sure! With that, he took my one of my dress strap and made it fall easily down my shoulder. This son-of-a-bitch. Me - (Yelling at him) Hey, what's your problem, I'm not your play thing! Cook started laughing and all I was thinking about was to smack that face off and to tell him to walk off, but I didn't. His friend made the move. Teacher - Hey what's going on? Freddy - (Taking his shoulders and drag him in the classroom) Fuck sake, Cook! Come on! (To me, while Cook was still smirking at me) I'm so sorry about that! Me - (Still mad) Yeah! As I attempted to arrange back my strap on, the other left friend from Cook that didn't went off, placed it back where it was before. He did it so gently that I haven't even felt it ascended right up my shoulder. I looked up and realized it was the guy that had wave me a hello in the locker's girl room earlier today. That was after I had ditched Cook. I can't believe that they are even friends. I don't really imagine seeing them sharing so much commonality. They look and act so differently. A little bit like the twins, Emily and Katie. Except I don't think that both Cook and this guy are even related. This guy is different. He has brown curly hair, blue eyes, sumptuous looking lips and braces. I knew that because he was staring at me right now with a huge smile. He looked so lovely in my opinion. So calm, but yet so mysterious. He looks sweet. The perfect friend to make, I suppose. JJ - Hi! I'm JJ! Sorry about my friend! He's a little bit too obsessive sometimes! But I don't remember a day when he felt more obsessive than that? Me - (Laughing) Yeah, I guess I can see that! My name is... JJ - (Fastly) Bridget Stone, I know! I laughed. What a crazy dude. Oh God, I love him. He's straightforward. JJ - (Guilty) I'm sorry! I didn't want to scare you with this... thing I have! Me - (Smiling) What do you have? JJ - (Staring at me straight for couple of second in silence) Huh? Me - What do you have exactly? JJ - (Back to himself) Oh, hum... The young man that I had dragged Cook in the classroom, one of his friend, the cute one, came. Freddy - Come on, JJ, we're starting! JJ - (Looks to the young man) We are? Freddy - Yes! Let's just go, man! (To me) Sorry for my friends! Me - (Smiling at him) No, it's alright! (To JJ) Thanks, JJ, for the strap! Freddy - (Confused) (To JJ) The what she said? JJ - Oh I arranged her strap back on, Freddy! (To me, while pointing at Freddy) His name's Freddy! Freddy offered his hand for me to shake as I gladly shook it. He smiled at me. He had a nice smile. He looked quite the opposite of his friends. He had brown eyes, he was tall and looked a little Mexican. Freddy - I'm Freddy! Freddy McLair! Me - Stone! Bridget Stone! Just call me, Stone! Freddy - All right! I think we should all go sitting before it's too late! Shall we? I nodded as JJ did as well. I sat next to Effy and Katie of course, as Freddy and JJ gained their place next... Cook. (2 minutes later) Our teacher was sitting on a chair, reading a welcome book, not looking like he knew what he was doing. I first saw him at the gym earlier this morning with the rest of the teachers, and looked rather... disoriented. He looked so laid back, that I could I assure anyone in this class that I could've well and properly had taken his own place for today's learning. Teacher - (With a Scottish accent) Right! Hum, now we've gotta... Christ! I was right. Teacher - Fuck it! Ok! Fuck, fuck, fuck! Wow, we're aloud to swear here. Cool. I mean... ah, fuck it. Teacher - Hum... ok! Whatever! We've gotta stand up, say our names and a unique fact about ourselves! Right! I'll start! Christ! I'm Kieran and I hate being a fucking teacher! That explains everything, but pretty understandable to me. He needs to be replaced, but I find him pretty cool. He should stay here, I think we could all relate to him a little bit. Kieran * - (To JJ) You! JJ - (Standing up) Hum... I'm JJ and with regard to mathematic aptitude I'm in the top 0! 3% of the population which is an interesting demographic statistic, because paradoxically my communication, interpersonal and intuitive skills are towards the lower quartiles! Man, is he a genius or what? I would've never taken that much of a chance to say that. Kieran - Yeah! You've stopped me in my fucking tracks there, yeah! He sat back down while looking at me with a smile. I think he did this for impressing me. He kind of did. Good job by the way. Kieran - (To Katie) You! Katie - (Standing up with a snobby smile) I'm Katie! I've never not had a boyfriend since I was seven! Kieran - Congratulations! (To Emily) You! Katie sat down. I just didn't like the way she was viewing things. Emily - (Standing up with a sad look on her face) I'm Emily! I've never had a boyfriend! Kieran - Shit happens! Kick me. Did I just heard what I just heard? Kieran - You! (To Naomi) Naomi - (Standing up) I'm Naomi! I hate injustice! (Looks over at Emily) People tell lies about me! Wow, so this story wasn't true? Ok? I still feel bad for both of them. Kieran - You at the back! Random guy - I'm Kumir! I'm gay! Kieran - Yup! Good! You! Random guy #2 - I'm Max! And both my parents are artists! Kieran - Great! I'm very very happy for you! Why is he so brute with people? What have we done to him? We're doing what you ask us. Maybe a little support will help the atmosphere. I don't know. Maybe I shouldn't carry myself away too much. Kieran - (To Effy) What about you? With the bling! Effy - (Standing up) I'm Effy! And I think my mum's having an affair! (Sits down) Shite. I think that's why Effy was so mad at me today. She was thinking about her mum's supposed affair with someone. I'm shocked. Kieran - Good one! Shows enterprise! (To me now) You lady! What's interesting about you? While I stood up, some people wolf whistled at me. I'm very sure that one of them were Cook of course. No doubt. Why did I blush to that? I don't like getting whistled off. Me - I'm Stone! Cook's Voice - (Yelling) I love you, Stone! Few people laughed at his remark, thinking of how retarded he was acting like. I can't blame him. I looked over at him and he was grinning at me. It was a vicious grinning. Like if you were seeing some kind of pervert wanting to rape you all the way for just the fun of it. Well that's the basic of a raper. I knew he wanted me to have sex with him, but I think he will have to be patient before I could kick his knob off and fuck his brains out, even though I'm secretly a virgin and I have strictly no experience whatsoever. But he will have to prove me wrong. Me - (Embarrassed) Thanks, James! Cook - (Grinning) Anytime, anywhere, love! Kieran - (To Cook) Shut up! (To me) Go on! Don't stop yourself, Stone! He's just a dimwit! Cook - (Yelling) Thanks, Kieran! Kieran - Anytime, Cook! People started laughing again, including Cook himself. But it's good that Kieran was protecting me. I don't have much people like that in my life, except for Marjory. Dear Marjory, I hope you're ok now. Me - Well, I'm Stone, and... I... Why am I so sweaty. Kieran - Go on, darl! What did he just say? Me - And I miss my old life! And my mother! Mostly the case! (I sat down) Kieran - Where do you come from? Me - Excuse me? Kieran - Where do you come from? You don't look from here! Are you? No, don't ask me that. Me - I come from far away! Kieran - What's far far? You come from Neverland or what? Me - (Forthwith) No! People started laughing. Kieran - Oh shush it, guys! How could they? You just said \"Neverland\". Kieran - Where? Me - Let's just skip that, I'm not aloud to say anything about it! Yeah, plus if he knows, he'll talk about it to my father. A complete disaster. Kieran - Oh right, no push! (To Freddy) What about you big man? Freddy - (Standing up) I'm Freddy! I met a girl I like today! With that, Effy looked up to him. I knew she knew something I didn't. And I knew that she knew that he was talking about her. But how did I knew that. My senses. Her look on her face was desperate to know more, as she looked a bit lost. Freddy - And she's like... beautiful! (Shrugs) That's it! Kieran - That's it? That's your unique fact? That's just great! Fascinating, Freddy, thank you for that! (To Cook) What about you? You with the predetermining future ahead of him! What's a unique factor yours that you will like to share with your comrades, instead of your liking determination for public pickle exhibition? Cook - (Standing up whilst laughing) Right! I'm Cook, as you guys all know! And... (Looks over at me) I like (Shrugs) to fuck! People started laughing again as I rolled my eyes. I was actually blushing. He can really spice out the room, but how can he spice me so much as well? I don't understand? Why me? Why? Why is he always after me? It's cute, but it's irritating. He should stop that. That's not a way of living. Kieran - Who don't! You! And the list of names gone on and on and on. As I watched a paper settled on the desk of Effy, I've realized it was actually a list. But not any kind of list. A bad one. Everything you're not supposed to do in this school. Almost everything on it was actually told to us in the gym earlier today. About the breaking law of the premises. I do remember some of it, and they were pretty bad to me, but now it's going way too far. I haven't seen it before. What surprises me more was that Effy had done more than half of it. Really. There's only two left without any checks. Yes... best for the worse. I'm talking about \"Drugs and Sex\". What? Is she serious? She couldn't have done all of the others, couldn't she? It must've had taken her a whole day to, otherwise it doesn't make any sense. She's probably defrauding the list. How come has she done all of them without me noticing. We were basically together the whole freaking time. Ok yeah, on the exception of the time when I got into the girl's locker room. But that was nothing. Only a couple of minutes. A couple of minutes with the unforgettable pain-in-the-neck (Cook). What a loser. An odious human being, whose charm is too difficult to spurn. Why's that? I don't know? I'm guessing Effy has got a lot in her messed up mind. Maybe too much for her to handle. I think she scares me sometimes. She has some secrets that she hides so easily well. I was looking up to Cook. He was passionately sniffing on a glue stick whilst having his eyes close before opening it in my direction. What a strange young guy he is. I wasn't sure if he was gazing at me or at Effy. But one thing I was sure about, was that she was looking straight at him when he did. She examined her list for a second and started tapping her index finger on the one that said \"Sex\". No. No. No. No. NO. Is she nuts or what? What is wrong with her? She's not going to fuck... COOK. No way. U-UH. Don't even think about it. Woah, am I jealous here? Shite, I've just realized I was. Just please don't do it Effy, you're going to make me go all the way buggy. Alright, alright... I'll say it. I LOVE COOK. I LOVE COOK. I LOVE COOK. He, by some means, turn my life around and makes it look less heavier than it already is. How could I thank him? Right, I'm supposed to be mad at him. But really I ain't. But I wish I was. I never been so in love of my life. And I've just met the guy today. That's crazy. Nonsense. In any ways possible and beyond. What is happening to me? I'm not me. Or so do I think. Effy - (Raising her hand up) Kieran? Kieran - Yes? OH NO. PLEASE DON'T DO THIS TO ME. PLEASE DON'T DO THIS TO ME. PLEASE DON'T DO THIS TO ME. THAT'S ABSOLUTELY INEQUITABLE. Effy - I'm feeling rather shit! I think I need to go to the Nurse's office! FUCK ME, I GIVE UP HUMANITY. I WANT TO FUCKING DIE. KILL ME. KILL ME PLEASE GOD. I WANT COOK. I WANT COOK. LET ME HAVE HIM. PLEASE. PLEASE. DON'T LET HIM DO THIS TO ME. DON'T LET HER DO THIS TO ME EITHER. Kieran - Oh yeah? Ok? Go on then! NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO. Kieran - Right! Effy went glancing one last time to Cook, whom did look excited. He knew he was going to have the chance to have sex with her. And with her amazing eyes, she invited him over by where she will be. I was sweating even more than when I just presented myself to the class. Gosh. Make it stop. Everything. I don't care. Just make her come back and forget about it. I don't want Cook to fuck my friend, just because I declined his desire to fuck me as well. I know I'm number one on his list, but I'm too scared to even step up for getting off with my cherry. I wish I could really. But there's always that one moment that makes me go all barmy. Especially that day where a boy friend of mine came visiting me at home and almost raped me. He had teared down all my clothes off. But fortunately, Marjory stepped in and saw it all happen before stopping him from doing it. She was so brave and caring. Like if I was one of her children. Sometimes I felt so. I was almost at one pinky of losing my virginity to this fucking loony. I cried. I cried so hard that my tears weren't even enough to be wasted. He slapped and he punched me all over my body and face. The scariest and deepest moment of my life. I will never forget the bruises that I had. I will never forget that night. I used to trust that guy a lot, but all he gave me was trash in return. Making me feel like rubbish. Not gaining any confidence in myself. Making me look weak and worthless to all my expectation. Once I told everything to my father and he blamed me of having inviting him over, just to have sex and that I wasn't enough cautious according to him on the concerns of boys. I was forbidden to see any of them. Marjory tried to tell him the truth, but he kept repeating himself over and over again. It pains me. I wish my dad could care for me, just as much as Marjory does. What a dream it would be. My story, made me feel the way I don't want to feel. Ever again. That is the reason why I rather not have sex with Cook yet. I have a fear that it will happen to me again. I need to know him personally first. Then we'll get down to the good stuff. Maybe. I was so into my thought that I totally forgot that Effy had just left the room. Kieran - Where were we? Oh, stuff it! Let's just watch a DVD about... Oh, Christ! \"How To Be Inclusive\"! Holy Mother of divine of shite! Now I'm starting to like Kieran. He's different from all the teacher that I had back in Paris. They were all uselessly stringent academically. Really. Here, it's a joke. It's fun to be laid back for once and not feeling the rush into our lives. We're still young aren't we? My father always says, it's no matter of time. I think we should enjoy the fucking time, am I right? Cook - Actually, Kieran! I'm not feeling too well either! My balls are aching! I might have to go see that nurse! What a great and eccentric lie for the sake of wanting to bonk my friend over a Nurse's office. Kieran - Right! Bugger off then! Cook - (Stands up with a smile) Cheers, Kieran! Kieran was walking to my direction. He wasn't breaking his gaze at me. Which made me feel all the more vulnerable to his look. He took the list of Effy in his hand and blew me a kiss. Cheeky. My cheekbones were going red. I could feel them. Kieran - See if she can laser Jordan off them! Cook laughed then left the room. OH MY. OH MY. OH MY. WHY? WHY? WHY? Oh, here it is. I want to literally throw up and shit in my pants. This maybe a good opportunity for me to go to the bathroom. Finally I will get to shit. Sorry. Unpleasant talking. But still, it has been 2 weeks now. Thanks to the nervousness. Sometimes it helps. I should maybe get out of the class before it goes worse. On the quest to a washroom. Or at least a toilet. Kieran - Ok! (Trying to fix the video machine) Right! How the fuck does this... Kieran was cut by a knock on a door. Please let it be Effy. Or Cook. Or both. Or... Pandora - (Coming in) Hey! WHAT? PANDORA? What is she doing here? We're in a different class. How come has she came all that way here? Is she really THAT bored? Pandora - Can I be in this class? I don't like mine! Ok, that answers my questions. Kieran - Why not? Make up the numbers! You're doing some A levels? Pandora - (Smiling) One please! Philosophy! No wonder. Kieran - Ok, sit down! No she's not going to let her sit here, I'm going to the bathroom. And maybe it will take the whole period if so. She will get bored without me. Oh shite, I really need to go to the bathroom. It's really urgent. I feel bad I will have to leave her. After all, I bet she skipped her own call just for me and Effy. Poor thing. I really feel bad. Kieran - When you've worked out the point of living, come and fucking tell me! Pandora - (Exclaiming) Whizzer! (Looking around the class) Where's Effy? I've noticed that before she sat down, she saw me. Pandora - (Smiling and calling me over) Oh, Stone! She went running to me and sat right where Effy was sitting. She dropped her bag over at mine with no such tender and hyperactively hugged me. Pandora - It's so cool to see you here! I wonder where Eff is? Do you know? I need to go, Pandora. I'm sorry, but I do. Me - (Uncomfortable and sweating) To the Nurse's office! Pandora - Oh, she'll get back! Probably screwing around, if you know what I mean! YES, I DO KNOW WHAT YOU MEAN. Sadly. Me - (More uncomfortable) Yeah! Would you please excuse me for a minute! For minute(s). Me - I'm at the urge to erupt the shite out of me! If you know what I mean? Hope she does. Pandora - Yeah you don't look well! You all right? Me - (Fake smile) Great! Tell Kieran, the teacher, that if he asks you where I am... tell him that I'm in the bathroom, ok? See yah later! And with that, I ran to the door as fast as I could and escaped through the door. I ran and ran, but it became worse and worse, so I slowed down. Finally, I went stopping to a bathroom near the Nurse's office, where I through and entered. After my long shit was finished, I had find a release out of myself, until I heard someone screaming through where I supposed was the Nurse's office. It was so loud, that even with me plugging my ears in, weren't satisfying enough. Plugs would've never worked either. When I went out of the bathroom in shocked after, of course, shitting my ass off and washing my hands by the end of it and saw Miss Reedy running out of the Nurse's office, still screaming. She was extremely terrified. It actually startled me to see that no one was even hearing her scream. Maybe they decided to ignore her. Which I think is a hard task to compete, but it seems to work out for everybody. For a minute a heard some moaning inside. I was sure it was Effy and Cook. Then I heard Cook saying \"Grab my balls!\", at least until I came in and saw them both on top of each other's banging on the nurse's bureau. Cook heard the door creaking open and saw me. He accidentally fell on the floor, as to Effy stood still on top of the bureau, looking down at him. He was topless and his dick was exposed outside of his boxer. Effy had also her fanny exposed, but at least wore a bra. But nothing was ok. I KNEW THAT THEY WERE FUCKING. And yet they hadn't been caught. What a load of regrettable thing I wish I would've never had participate to see by myself. Cook - (Putting his boxer and pants on. Surprised) Stone! How are you? (Smirking) Want to make a threesome? WHAT DID HE JUST SAY? Effy - Shut up, Cook! Cook - (Laughing) What? What? I'll tell you what. You're arsehole. I looked straight at Effy. She was smirking at me. Like if she did all of this on purpose. AND IT WAS ON PURPOSE. She wanted me to feel bad, that was for sure. And I did. I saw it all in her eyes. The desire of deceiving me. I felt heartbroken. I wanted so bad to shatter up everything that is encircling me. I cannot control my thoughts anymore. That is more than being left off. That is derision. My worse enemy. Now you'll see, Effy Stonem. You'll see what I can do. But not here. Not now. You know what... not ever. I had dragged myself into a shit hole, revenge is not a solution. So I prompted my feet and walked straight out of here. Cook Voice - (Yelling) Wait, Stone! I didn't mean it! Sure you didn't mean it. SURE. That's all you thought about, wanting nail me. You don't need to paint me a picture, I get it. All I wanted was to cry out loud. Deliver my pain, but I didn't. I could've, but I kept it to myself. It was for no use to me. Crying over some ninny boy. How pathetic is that? Really? I ran to my classroom and sat next to Pandora again. During this whole period before lunch, I wasn't able to listen nor stare at the video presented by Kieran. I just couldn't. Pandora - What's wrong, Stone? Me - Stuffs! That is what I usually say when things is shitting over me. Meaning when I'm not having a good reason to be happy. No wonder, I just saw my crush fucking my friend. Or what I thought used to be my friend. Yeah, I did believe so. Now she no longer is. Stay with me for awhile Pandora. Just do it. It's better if you do. Effy is not a good example for you. At least I'm not thinking you're useless. Pandora - (Confused) What do you mean, stuffs? Me - (Changing subject) Want to eat lunch with me? Pandora - Well, I usually eat lunch with... Me - (Cutting her) Effy, I know! I was just trying to ask you if you want me to be your friend? Pandora - (Smiling) But you are! (Smile fades) Aren't you? Me - Great, let's sit and eat together at lunch, yeah? Pandora - (Excited) Yeah! Ok! (The bell rings) Sweat, it's finally lunch. Me and Pandora went straight at the cafeteria. If you could imagine the numerous of people that were waiting in line, you would have probably faint your way by now. People hustling for foods. They were like wild animals in the tropical forrest. Whining and kicking each other's butts for a plastic bottle filled with blue jello settled alone in refrigerators near their way in. I never liked jello anyhow. The taste makes me want to gag every time I take a bite of it. It's like eggs. I hate eggs. The texture and all. UGH. Help me, Jesus, it's gross. Oh shite, Effy is 5 feet behind us. At least she's not accompanied by Cook. Instead she's accompanied by the twins Emily and Katie. Between, where is exactly Cook? Probably eating with his good friends Freddy and JJ obviously. Pandora - (Taking a lots of food) So, do you eat a lot? Me - (Not paying attention) Huh? Yeah! Well... not so much! Enough! Pandora - (Pointing at my food) I see you only took a ham and cheese sandwich! Do you want some of my food? Me - No I'm fine! She must be eating a lot, for all that shite. She's pretty and cute, but she should be careful with her health. Pandora - You sure? Me - (Reassuring her) Yeah! Pandora - Ok! Me - (Laughing at how much food she took) Why do you eat so much? Pandora - Because it's good! Me - Yes, but it's unhealthy! It's a cafeteria, not a 5 star buffet! Pandora - What's the difference, I just eat what I think is good! Me - (I rolled my eyes smiling) Sure, sure! Let it be, Stone. LET IT BE. When we both arrived to pay for our foods, Pandora had to pay over 20 bucks for her things, but she didn't have enough. So I decided to pay it for her. I didn't care, I was posh. I could pay anything for anyone. With the stupid business of my dad, we're one of the top ranked business of the UK. We make a lot of money. Shite, I feel bad. But I don't feel bad giving some happiness to my friends with it or anybody who needs. That's the brilliance of money, you share, you never keep. Here for me is, you lose some, you get some more. What a great mentality...NOT. Pandora - (Looking at Effy through the long line. She yells happily and waves at her) Hey, Effy! OH NO. I mentally smack my forehead. Effy saw her, but didn't wave back nor did she smile. She just stood there, emotionless. What a rude chick. I'm happy I hadn't spend some more time with her. She has a big issue. Pandora - Why doesn't she wave back? Me - She's maybe having a rough day today? More than THAT. Pandora - But I'm her best friend, she should talk to me about it! I haven't seen her in class today, what's wrong with her? Me - Maybe you should just drop it for a second and joint me instead! You're wasting your time doing this! Besides, she has knew friends with her, so I'm guessing that the number one thing she doesn't want to get involve with is you! TRUE. YES! Pandora - How can you tell? Me - It looks like it and sounds like it! Doesn't the word useless offend you so much? Pandora - Not really! I'm used to it! Me - Then maybe you should change that perception, because useless is for trashing on people! And you don't want to get trashed by her, do yah? Pandora - No! Me - (Smiling) Then hang out with me! I'll never trash you! I'll never call you names! Because THAT'S useless! Pandora - Ok! Oh! And...thanks for paying my food, Effy! You didn't have to do that! Me - Oh no, I insist! It's my pleasure! Pandora - Oh! I'll pay you back, you know! Me - (Laugh) No! Pandora - (Confused) Why not? Me - Because I'm a millionaire! Pandora - Fuck me, you are? Me - (Still laughing) Yes! Pandora - Shit! Never mind! I motioned Pandora to an empty table. Now, we could sit together and no one could bother us anymore. Least that's I thought for now. As I attempted to sit normally in front of Pandora, someone came rapidly slapping on my bum. I turned quickly to the person who did it. And saw Bruno, the guy that Pandora had made leave after flirting with me and Effy, smacking on a friend's hand after slapping my bum hard like metal stick. They both laughed together and I couldn't find the right words to describe how much I wanted to slap him as well, but in the face. I wanted to tear that motherfucker. I wanted to... And as the moment came in time, Cook stood up and I knew that he saw everything happen. Cook - (Walking to Bruno, while calling him over) Hey! Mate! Yeah, you! Cook took Bruno's shirt fearlessly. He was obviously pissed and I was glad for once that he interfered. He was so HOT pissed as he was. Is he going to hit him in the face or what? I'm also glad that he doesn't have to freak the fuck out in front of everybody. He really looks like he cares about me. WAIT. No. He can't. I just saw him shagging Effy, that's not cool. Why should I trust him in anything? Right? After all that he had done to me. I don't feel like I should be concentrating on him too much for now. He's just trouble to me. Mean for purposely being arrogant to woman like me. Why should I care for him? He just wants to nail me and that is all what he thinks about. Cook - Yeah! (Taking roughly Bruno's shirt and moving him forwardly towards him) (Pointing at me for him to see) This girl you just slapped the butt to, is just someone who wanted to sit in fucking peace with her friend, and having a good time! And here you just had to ruin it! You bloody fucking hypocrite! Bruno swallowed while trembling a bit. He's obviously scared of Cook. Maybe actually shitting his pants right now. I know I will if I was him. It's not cool to be a victim as a woman. Cook - You ruin all of her chances to have her hopes up in this ugly school! All she wants is to be respected by her peers! Feeling like an equal, a human for once! DAMN, Cook. Is he fucking reading my thoughts or did he just snorted a tons of cocaine mountain like Tony Montana in \"Scarface\" to come and conclude these beautiful statements. Well... first, I never done drugs, so I'm not really an expert into that stuff. Sorry. Cook - You're just a fucking twit, with no feeling of responsibilities whatsoever! If you were her, I'm sure you wouldn't like anybody to do this to you! Not even touching you the way you just did with her! I'm sure not! And that particularly disgust me as fuck! She's no play thing! Get it lad? So fuck off and go play somewhere else with your mates! I have no time for this shite! (Kicks him in the bullocks as Bruno instantly squirms) If I see you near her again, I swear to my good mother's name that you wouldn't like to know what is coming for yah! I'm going to kill you! Rip your testicles if it's too much demanded! You hear me, shithead? No touching her! She's mine! WHAT THE FUCK WAS THAT? NO. Cook - Now, apologize to the lady, you lazy-snob! Bruno - (Shaking voice) O-Ok! (To me) I'm sorry... hum...? Cook - (Rolling his eyes) Stone! Her name is Stone! Bruno - Ri-ght! (To me again) I'm s-s-sor-ry S-Stone! Cook - Good! Now walk off! Cook letted him go, as Bruno ran as fast as he could with his hands glued to his bullocks area. Man, his face was priceless. THANKS COOK. I mean... you still kicked him though. But not just that... I'm also supposed to hate your guts. Cook - (To me, smiling) Sorry about that! Me - (Rudely) What? About threatening him over me, just because he acted immaturely? Cook - (Still smiling) Yeah! Me - Well... you still kicked him though! That's not very apologetic to me! LIE. Cook - No? I thought It'll be protecting you for once, because I really really do care about you! You maybe don't believe me and you have all the right to think so! But I just needed you to know! No one should treat you like this dipshit did to yah! He deserved his lesson! It was biggest favour that I've done so far for you and hope it will continue! Oooooooooh! Cute! I mean. Me - You need to continue this whole violence? OH shut me up, please. Cook - I could have done way worse than that, babe! A lot worse! And that is why I didn't! I didn't want you to have a bad impression of me, since of what I have earlier today in class! Me - You mean when I saw you shagging Effy in the Nurse's office! Duh? Pandora - (Banging the table with her two fists) So that is why went missing? (To me) She shagged that guy! Me - Yes, Pandora! Cook - Yeah, that! Plus why were you there for? (Smirking) Spying on us? Pandora - (Confused) Why didn't you tell me about this? Plus, did you really went spying on them? Me - (Swallowing) No, I was in the bathroom and I heard Miss Reedy screaming from over sthere, so I went to check in and saw the two of you bonking each others without shame! Cook - (Smirking more) I'm never ashamed about these things! HA, no shit Sherlock. Me - (Rolling my eyes) Yeah of course, I saw that! Cook - (Smirking) Are you jealous? YES. And please stop with this smirk. You making me go wild as fuck. Stop it. It makes all the way worse. Me - (Embarrassed) No! Cook - (Evil smirk) I bet you 10 000 bucks, that you are! Me - (Smirking) Do you even have them? I'm getting good at playing his game. Cook - (Smiles cheekily) No! But I can assure you that if we bang, I'll forget about this bet, promise! Cheeky monkey. Me - (Laughing) Yeah right, in your dream lover boy! Cook - (Sits and moves forward towards me on the side) Oooh, she calls me a lover boy! I like that! Me - (Blushing and smiling at myself) Stop that! I didn't mean it that way! Cook - Then how did you mean? (Winks) (To Pandora and offers his hand) I'm Cook! Pandora - (Smiling, while gladly shaking her hand) I'm Pandora! Wow, you have strong arms! OK? Cook - (Laughing) Thanks! (Motioning to her foods rest) You have a strong eating habit! Yeah, and I paid it all. Pandora - Yeah sometimes! Cook - (Smiles) Right! (To me) Listen! I wanted to apologize for everything! Especially what happened between me and Effy! It was nothing! Just a small kick! Nothing serious, I swear! Me - A kick? What do you call a kick? Cook - Actually I didn't know what I was doing, because I was so pissed about you dissing me today about me asking you for sex! And I know it is not apologetic like you just said, and I'm extremely sorry about it! And I hope you can forgive me! You made me think a lot today when you went off! And I will never do it again, because I know that you are upset about me! Me - (Honest) Actually I'm upset about other things as well! Not just about you, but other things! Private things! Cook - (Serious) You can trust me! I won't laugh nor tell anyone about it, I swear I won't! Me - (Smiling) Thanks! But, it's just not my day today and I don't want things to degenerate more! I prefer to keep down for now! Maybe I'll tell you guys someday, but not now! Not here! I was talking about this morning with my father and all I was experiencing with him daily. He is such a prick. Cook - (Worried) Ok! So you do forgive me? Me - It will take me a while to getting this image off of my head, but I'm gonna have to say yes, I accept your apology! Cook - (Smiles with pride) Cool! I'll call my mates to celebrate this! Me - Hum... Cook - (Standing up before calling out Freddy and JJ from where they were sitting) Hey Freddy, JJ! Come here lads! We need some people here! Bring your motor on! No, please don't tell them anything. I love Freddy and JJ, but don't tell them anything about what happened between you and Effy, please. It's private. Plus, it'll be too embarrassing. Cook - (To me) Don't worry, I won't tell them anything! Thank God. Familiar Voice - Pandora are you coming to sit with us? I looked up to my side and saw Effy accompanied with the twins, Katie and Emily. Pandora - (Smiles at Effy) Oh no, I'm alright! I'm actually enjoying myself, thank you! Effy looked pissed at her surprising answer. I can't believe that Pandora just did that. What a great girl. I knew that were going to click well together. ","Summary":" If I may concur this beginning understatement, I will at leastways engage myself to start with my o"},{"Movie":"A Clockwork Orange","Title":"Tom Petty In Hell","Author":"Dan Sickles","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12678633","Passage":"[Chapter 1] TOM PETTY IN HELL Torments await the Florida boy who turned rock music into a highly profitable entertainment formula. Please comment nicely! \"Welcome home, baby!\" George Harrison was waiting for me in the flames. He gave me a great big hug while I hid my terror. \"Where's Chuck Berry?\" I asked suspiciously. The heat in hell was a real shock after cool and dry California. I was sweating already, especially wearing a white dress shirt and a black tie. \"Oh, Chuck's got something special planned for you, Miss Florida,\" the quiet Beatle told me, rubbing black soot into my face. For a Liverpool boy he seemed very cozy in the scorching heat! \"What do you mean?\" I asked, in the same whiny nasal voice I used in life. Yet in hell nobody seemed to find it cool. \"Well, the rumor is that Chuck's got a little shack out back, where he takes the boys he likes after a hard day of picking cotton!\" \"I can't pick cotton,\" I whined, trying to wipe the black soot off my face. \"I'm a white man! I write songs about the Confederate South! I love our gallant history and our proud rebel heritage!\" \"Your meaning, sir, is entirely clear,\" said a rich, cultured voice. It was Robert E. Lee, commander of the Army of Northern Virginia. \"You are an exploiter and a parasite, Tom Petty, and now you must burn in hell like the rest of us. We will allow you to stand with us in the cleansing flames for all eternity. But please don't sing.\" \"But I never stole from the black folks! My music never had a trace of soul! It was market tested to appeal only to white people who never heard of rock's jungle roots. I erased all trace of the slave ships and the auction block. Even when I was singing about hating the blue bellies, the only emotions I really tapped into were the emptiness of suburban life and my own unconquerable self-loathing!\" \"Sings the roof off lovely, doesn't he sir,\" snarked John Lennon. Unlike George Harrison, John was a mean Beatle, the kind who slapped women around and refused to sing on stage with creepy little posers like me. I'm glad they shot his ass. \"Oh my, my. Oh hell yeah,\" said Chuck Berry. The black man who invented rock and roll long ago emerged from the flames in a spotless white linen suit, with a big black bullwhip in his hand. \"This Florida cracker certainly looks a mess.\" \"If you want to give him a good flogging, sir, don't mind us.\" George Harrison was leering while he tore the shirt off my back. \"We'll hold him down for you. We know he must be a terrible disappointment to you, being a fellow American and all.\" \"Land of the free, home of the brave,\" chimed in Brian Jones. I didn't get why he was one of the good guys. He was just as blonde as I was. And his hair was perfect! \"Play me some blues, boy,\" ordered Chuck Berry. Instantly the blonde boy from the Rolling Stones whipped out a slide guitar and began a mean version of \"Dust My Broom\" by Elmore James. It was like rock, but it wasn't the kind of music I could ever play. Just hearing it I began to feel very sick. \"Didn't I see you down in Charlottesville last week?\" Chuck Berry got right in my face, so close I could see the high cheekbones he got from his Cherokee grandmother. \"Thought I saw a bunch of cats like you, waving rebel flags and singing about the past.\" \"I had nothing to do with that!\" I screeched. \"That was young guys, half my age. I died of a heart attack all alone in a mansion!\" \"They ran over a helpless woman,\" John Lennon snitched. \"All I ever did was knock my girlfriends around a bit, just with my fists. Like this, you know.\" The top Beatle punched me right in the face! \"Don't do me like that!\" I screamed, like Scarlett O'Hara surrounded by ungrateful black freedmen. John Lennon had just punched me in the face, but Chuck Berry was clearly the one in charge, so I tried groveling to him. I'm good at groveling. \"Don't do it to me, do it to George! Do it to John! Tear his face off!\" \"These are my boys,\" Chuck Berry purred, running his long black fingers through my greasy blonde hair. \"But you are just a bitch, my dear. Not a rebel, not a soldier, just a lynching, Ku-Kluxing cracker hiding behind a rock and roll guitar. I've had to live with your kind all my life. And even longer.\" His black face was so close he could have kissed me. Instead he spit right in my face. \"It wasn't me,\" I sniveled, sobbing and begging as Chuck Berry stepped back and loosened up his long black whip. \"It wasn't me, brother, it was them! I swear I never wanted my music to mean anything. I just wanted to get rich quick without taking any risks. Like when I sang that stupid duet with Stevie Nicks!\" \"Roll over Beethoven!\" Chuck Berry cried. \"Get ready for the big payback!\" His whip cracked and I screamed in pain, blood pouring from a long gash in my back. \"Try to take it like a man, son,\" advised General Robert E. Lee. \"That's one down, and only sixty million to go.\" ","Summary":" TOM PETTY IN HELL Torments await the Florida boy who turned rock music into a highly profitable ent"},{"Movie":"A Clockwork Orange","Title":"Father Cares","Author":"The Mouse Avenger","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11854507","Passage":"[Chapter 1] FATHER CARES A \" Clockwork Orange \" Fanfiction By The Mouse Avenger AUTHOR'S NOTES: Over the past several weeks, I've watching clips of the \" Star Wars \" prequels on Youtube, especially certain scenes with Ian McDiarmid as then-Chancellor Palpatine. I've taken quite a shining to Ian-call it a newfound appreciation-& I've been looking into his film career, & imagine my surprise to learn that he's not only played good guys, but also clerical figures! That sent the gears of my mind turning, & I gradually came up with the idea of a character for Ian McDiarmid to play in my \" Clockwork Orange \" sequel (should I ever make it into a film, & I'm hoping I do, as with all my fanquel projects). That character is a kindly priest named Father Jacob, who works at the mental institution where Angela DeLarge (Alex's granddaughter, & the star of ACO 2) is committed in the story's third act; his role in Angela's return to goodness will be a key part of the sequel. In the meantime, I came up with this short ficlet to introduce Father Jacob into the world of my ACO stories; I sincerely enjoyed (writing) every word of it, & I hope you will, too. When you're finished reading, feel free to leave a review. I'll take anything from simple comments to constructive criticism, as long as they're not flames or written in a mean, stern, or overly-harsh manner. And, now, for a brief copyright & disclaimer... All \" Clockwork Orange \" characters, elements, & properties © Anthony Burgess, Stanley Kubrick, & Warner Bros. Studios. All original characters, elements, & properties © The Mouse Avenger (that's me). Please be sure to ask for my permission before using them in your stories or role-playings. Thanks very much in advance. And now that my copyright & disclaimer is finished, let the fanfiction begin! Happy reading! The elderly priest stood at the back of the asylum chapel, uttering a soft prayer as he lighted a few votive candles. Father Jacob had never felt more at peace on this night, & the presence of the Lord was strong in this room, filling his soul with great comfort & assurance...both of which were welcome feelings to have in this often-dreary environment. After finishing his prayer, Father Jacob crossed himself, then strolled over to one of the empty pews in the church. He sat down upon the corduroy cushions, before reaching for a hymnal at the back of the pew in front of him, & opening it up to page 66. With a clear of his throat, Father Jacob began to sing softly... Blessed assurance, Jesus is mine! O, what a foretaste of glory divine! Heir of salvation, purchase of God, Born of his Spirit, washed in his blood... This is my story, this is my song, Praising my Savior all the day long! This is my story, this is my song, Praising my Savior all the day long... Perfect submission, all is at rest! I in my Savior am happy & blest, Watching & waiting, looking above, Filled with his goodness, lost in his love... Suddenly, a loud knocking interrupted Father Jacob from his singing, & after quickly putting the hymnal down, the priest scurried over to the chapel entrance, where one of the asylum orderlies was waiting for him behind the doors. \"Father Jacob,\" the orderly said with a sense of urgency, \"we're having some trouble in Room 21, Wing E.\" \"Ohhh,\" Father Jacob said with a heartfelt look of compassion on his lined face. \"Is it...?\" \"Yes,\" the orderly replied. \"She's asking for you to see her.\" \"Well, say no further,\" Father Jacob said resolutely. \"I'll be there right away.\" After quickly going off to fetch a Bible & hymnal, Father Jacob followed the orderly to the \"E\" wing of the asylum, where some of the medium-risk patients were kept. And, sure enough, when the pair got to Room 21, they were greeted by the sight of asylum employees trying vainly to calm the resident patient. She was a petite young girl in her mid-teens, sporting a lean face with delicate features, curly blonde hair, & a dazzling pair of bright blue eyes...whose beauty, unfortunately, was obscured from squinting & squinching as her countenance contorted in expressions of heartfelt agony. Tears streamed down her cheeks like raindrops on a windowpane, & anguished screams & cries emitted from her throat, as she writhed & wiggled uncontrollably in her bed. Poor Angela DeLarge appeared to be having another nightmare, & a particularly troubling one at that. Father Jacob stared at the sobbing girl with a compassionate frown, then turned to face the hospital employees. \"Would you kindly leave us for a while?\" the priest asked gently. \"I'll take care of this.\" \"Of course,\" one of the asylum workers replied with a nod of her head. With that, the orderlies left, leaving Angela & Father Jacob in the dark, moonlit room. Now, it was time for Father Jacob to see what was troubling Angela, so he could comfort her as best he could. He took a seat in a nearby chair, then scooted over to Angela's bedside, & reached out a hand to stroke the young lady's hair. \"Angela, my child,\" Father Jacob asked tenderly, \"whatever is the matter?\" It took Angela a few moments to choke back her sobs, before she finally answered, \"I keep seeing faces...so many faces...\" Then, she began to cry again, collapsing against Father Jacob, who reached out his arms to embrace her. When Father Jacob wished to hear more, Angela continued her tearful discussion of the nightmares that had been plaguing her: \"They keep crying out to me, asking why I did what I did...why I hurt them so badly...why I was so cruel to them...\" At last, Angela burst into sobs again, & cuddled against Father Jacob's chest, tightening her embrace around the holy man as she moaned in agony, \"And they won't leave me alone! They just won't leave me alone...\" Father Jacob's heart swelled with sympathy for Angela's plight. Over the days that he come to know the girl, he had learned of the sad story that led to her being here. After the murder of her parents when she was a toddler, Angela was taken in by her grandfather, Alex DeLarge; under his care, Angela lived a happy & healthy childhood, & her adolescence was very much the same...until one horrible day, when a series of tragic misfortunes, poor choices, & terrible transgressions (by other people) warped her into a drug-addicted street scoundrel whose crimes went from being those of desperation, to those of anger, to those of sadistic satisfaction-a misguided yearning to make others suffer as she did. After a bout of psychosis that led to her almost killing her grandfather, Angela had been committed to the asylum, where she would remain until all of the good doctors brought her back to her normal self. Happily, Angela had been making noticeable progress in her recovery, but there were still a few hurdles to be overcome-but with plenty of love, care, guidance, & support, Angela would get through these obstacles, & emerge victorious on the other side. For now, though, Father Jacob's presence would have to suffice, & the priest was determined to make sure that Angela was as comforted & consoled as possible. He couldn't bear to do otherwise. Scooping Angela up into his arms, & setting her down on his lap, Father Jacob cooed gently, \"There, there, my pet...Hush now...Everything's all right.\" \"No, it isn't,\" Angela sobbed sadly, sinking deeper into Father Jacob's embrace, as her hot tears stained the front of his clerical cassock. \"I promise you, my child, everything will be fine,\" Father Jacob said assuringly, rocking Angela back & forth in a soothing motion. He began to rub her back with the palm of his left hand, while gingerly caressing her hair & face with the other hand, all the while hoping that these gentle gestures would comfort her...but, alas, they did nothing to help. Still, he kept trying-only persistence would get him through this tricky task. Continuing to massage & caress Angela as he rocked her, Father Jacob said tenderly, \"I know you've been through a lot, my dear, & I know you've done your share of misdeeds...but if you ask the Lord for forgiveness, He will provide it to you.\" \"I've asked God to forgive me,\" Angela wept in anguish, \"more times than you can imagine! But He never answers me!\" Then, more to herself than Father Jacob, the girl cried out, \"Why won't He answer me?!\" \"God doesn't always speak to us in words, Angela,\" Father Jacob explained as best he could-even holy people like himself were often left astonished by the sovereign being's mysterious ways of working. \"Sometimes, He makes Himself known through other means; you just have to pay close attention to everything going on inside & outside of you. Even the tiniest thing could be a sign of God's presence acting among us in this mortal realm.\" \"Then, why do I feel so alone?\" Angela pleaded poignantly, looking up at Father Jacob with pure sorrow in her watering eyes. \"Why do I feel like I've been abandoned?\" \"No, Angela!\" Father Jacob said emphatically, tightening his embrace around the distraught girl. \"God has never abandoned you, & He never will! I know things seem hopeless now, but I assure you, they will get better in time. Look how far you've come along since you first came here-is that not proof that God is watching over you, & cares deeply for you & your well-being?\" \"I guess so,\" Angela admitted, \"but then again, I don't know. Sometimes, I just get so despondent, desperate, & desolate...& thinking about all the bad things I've done, only makes it worse!\" \"Well, if you don't give up, God will help you overcome all trials in your life,\" Father Jacob said reassuringly. \"I can absolutely promise you this-not just as a priest, but also from personal experience.\" By this point, Angela was beginning to feel a little better, & she started to calm down from her earlier state of hysterics. Still, she held on to Father Jacob, not wanting to leave the comfort of his embrace, or the gentleness of his touch. Here, in this sea of gloom & misery, there was an island where she could seek refuge & solace-& she had found it in Father Jacob. In many ways, the holy man reminded her so much of Grandpa Alex...Her grandfather! Oh, how she missed him! Now, a tidal wave of wonderful memories came rushing upon Angela, & her eyes again misted with tears; this time, however, they were tears of happiness & hope. Looking up at Father Jacob with a wistful smile, she asked, \"Will you stay with me for a while longer? I hope I'm not imposing...\" \"Oh, think nothing of it, child!\" Father Jacob declared pleasantly, smiling back at his friend. \"I'd be happy to stay with you...even all night long, if you wish.\" \"That would be wonderful,\" Angela said, cuddling against Father Jacob as though he were a giant teddy bear (&, in a way, he kind of was!). Oh, how grand it felt to have someone to love & care for you when you felt like you were all alone! No doubt, after Angela finally returned home from the asylum, she would never forget Father Jacob's kind face, or his words of comfort & assurance, or his tender touch...but then again, who said their friendship had to end with her deinstitutionalization? \"Father Jacob,\" Angela told the cleric with utmost gratitude, \"I'm so glad that you're my friend.\" \"And I'm glad to be your friend, too, Angela,\" Father Jacob replied sweetly, giving the girl a kindly kiss on the top of her head. \"You truly are a wonderful person, despite whatever you may have done in your past. It just goes to show you that God is merciful, loving, & far more concerned with what lies in your heart.\" \"Well,\" Angela mused thoughtfully, \"what about people who started out really good, but became really evil? You know, like Gilles De Rais, Jim Jones, or the members of the Manson family? They ended up doing a lot worse things than I did when they turned bad.\" \"Perhaps, that would be a topic best suited for discussion tomorrow,\" Father Jacob answered. \"Right now, though, it's best not to trouble yourself with such ideas. You've had to deal with enough nightmares already!\" \"That's true,\" Angela remarked. \"In the interim,\" Father Jacob continued, \"I think you'd like to go to sleep with something much more pleasant on your mind...something like music.\" \"A lullaby would actually be quite nice,\" Angela said. \"How gracious of you to...\"-she gave a big yawn-\"...offer.\" Father Jacob gave a warm chuckle, then kissed Angela on the cheek, & said, \"You're quite welcome, Angela. Now, my pet, just relax, & I'll send you drifting off to Dreamland in no time.\" Then, with a soft clearing of his throat, Father Jacob began to sing, gently rocking Angela back & forth all the while... Baby, baby, lay your head On your pretty little bed Shut your eye-peeps, now the day And the light have gone away All the clothes are tucked in tight Little baby dear, goodnight... Yes, my darling, well I know How the bitter wind doth blow, And the winter's snow & rain Patter on the windowpane, But they cannot come in here To my little baby dear... For the window shuttest fast Till the stormy night is past, And the blankets warm are spread Round about your cozy bed, So till morning shineth bright, Little baby dear, goodnight... Father Jacob sang this lullaby several more times, & before he even finished his twentieth round, he felt Angela's body relax, as her head lolled against his neck & shoulders. Now, Angela's face sported an expression of absolute peace & contentment, & Father Jacob couldn't help but smile in satisfaction, knowing that he had successfully helped to chase her troubles away (at least for the night). Oh, how good it felt to help someone in distress! That was precisely why Father Jacob had become a priest in the first place; he felt that by working for God, he could make a wonderful impact on the lives of individuals who were suffering & in need of aid...people just like Angela. When he was sure that Angela was fast asleep, Father Jacob kissed his friend on the forehead, & said, \"Sweet dreams, my pet.\" Then, still holding Angela in his arms, he started to get up from his seat...but he immediately sat back down when he felt a sharp ache in his hip. That darn rheumatism was acting up again! \"Ah, well, no matter,\" Father Jacob said contentedly, \"I think I'll just stay here with Angela...\" And as he continued to rock Angela in his arms, petting her face & hair, Father Jacob felt that sense of inner peace wash over him again. Surely, the presence of the Lord was in this place, & God was telling him that everything would be all right with Angela. Before too long, all her troubles would disappear, & she could go back to living a normal life with the people she loved. For now, though, Father Jacob's support would have to do. Yes...It would do quite nicely. ","Summary":" FATHER CARES A \" Clockwork Orange \" Fanfiction By The Mouse Avenger AUTHOR'S NOTES: Over the past"},{"Movie":"A Clockwork Orange","Title":"A Clockwork Revenge","Author":"Conformity Outcast","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13161869","Passage":"[Chapter 1] You're captured by a pair of violent cops They're beating you, you're screaming \"Make it stop\" Just like I screamed that time we met before Said you needed help, you kicked in my door Told me your plans with that look in your eyes But I won't crouch in a corner and cry You show frightening amorality Yet some question prison's legality They can't hurt you more than you damaged me You scarred me worse than you could ever be The news dares to report you're the victim They don't look at my bruised and broken limbs They expect I'll keep my anguish inside Government says you're reformed but they lied You say what they tell you, you haven't changed I know the bad things you've done, you're deranged After I kill you, I can sleep at night After you're dead, I'll say, \"You're cured alright\" ","Summary":" You're captured by a pair of violent cops They're beating you, you're screaming \"Make it stop\" Ju"},{"Movie":"A Clockwork Orange","Title":"One Mans Trash is Another Mans Treasure","Author":"ineedalife1118","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10377484","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hey! This is my first Clockwork Orange Fanfiction, so it may totally suck, but please don't hate me! This is based off of both the movie and the book (which i do not own), so i may take parts from the book that weren't in the movie and vice versa. PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE REVIEW! Society. It was headed on a downward spiral, or so I was told, that would undoubtedly lead to the demise of England and, eventually, the rest of the world. The mornings were safe, but at night, they would creep out of their friendly facade and go about their usual antics of brutally beating and raping weary night travelers. Of course when I say \"they\", I mean my peers. Sometimes it was hard being me, seeing as I didn't get along with either \"shops\" (I think I heard a couple kids use that term). The gangs didn't care for me because I wouldn't take part in the 'ultra-violence' and the so called \"good\" kids were even worse than the gangs in my opinion. They were extremely dull, and all they would do was complain about the others. At least the other shop had fun and enjoyed life. Since I couldn't get along with either, I spent most of my time alone either working in the library or exploring the city. Of course I had to take precautionary measures at night or else I'd get raped, so I took the roads less used by the bigger gangs. Currently, I was on my way over to meet up with Rae, my roommate and only friend. Rae was different too, which is why we liked each other. She wasn't very book-smart and was too lazy to take part in a gang, so she was an outcast just like me. The only problem with Rae was that her laziness was sometimes...excessive. She couldn't hold a job, and had an extremely difficult time getting out of bed in the morning, leaving me responsible for getting her up and making sure she stayed motivated, which, trust me, was very hard to do. She currently had a job as a waitress for some milk-bar (whatever that means), so I headed over to meet her. She had scribbled some directions onto a napkin, but it ripped (surprise surprise) so now I was trying my best to decipher the mess. When I finally got there, it was early evening so I knew that some of my peers would probably be there. To keep myself from sticking out, I changed into some spare clothes that were more popular nowadays. I slipped on a straight black dress that hit just above my knees which had names written in silver just above my chest (the names were supposed to represent the men you had slept with before you were a certain age, but I just put some random names on there), a red wig which looked just like my natural hair except for the color (long and curly with thick bangs all across the forehead), and some red boots to match. I also had to do some quick makeup changes such as bright red lipstick and some ridiculous rainbow eye shadow. Once I finished looking myself over, I made my way into the bar. When I first stepped in, I was met by a couple stares. As I had suspected, many people of my age group were there, all dressed up in the height of fashion, drinking milk. I quickly made my way for the bar so that I might escape their gazes and find Rae, but once I noticed my friend wasn't there, I decided to retreat to the bathroom. I quickly shut the door behind me, and gave out a sigh of relief when I saw no one else was in there. I looked over my disguise to see if I had missed something that would've caused them to be suspicious, but I couldn't see anything wrong. That's when it dawned on me: I was alone. Easy prey. All by myself. That's why they had stared. No one dared walk alone anymore (except for me, that is) and I practically painted a big red target on my back. \"Shit...\" I muttered, nervously running my fingers through the red strands of the wig. That's when I realized I wasn't quite alone. I heard strange noises coming from one of the stalls, and (since I was quite a curious creature) I decided to open it. When I did, the sight before me came as no surprise. \"Rae!\" I whisper-yelled. She sat there on the (closed) toilet seat, snoring away. She grumbled something and started to squirm a bit, which ended up causing her to fall onto the cold, tiled ground. \"What-the?!\" She quickly woke up and looked around in a daze. \"Oh yeah...\" She realized where she was and began scratching her head and stretching and yawning while I waited for her to finish. I cleared my throat, and she looked up at me and realized the situation. \"Shit...\" she guiltily leaned her head back into the wall, and slouched. \"Rae, what the hell are you doing?\" I asked calmly, but a hint of anger interwoven with my words to sharpen my point. She sighed, still slumped between the toilet and the stall rubbing her (now bruised) ass. \"Hey Lotte. You know... Just having a quick nap...\" She didn't bother with trying to sound innocent, which is why I decided to go easy on her. \"Rae,\" I sighed, \"you can't keep doing this.\" \"I know...\" \"If you lose another job, we may not be able to pay rent, and if we can't pay rent, we'll end up on the streets. You and I both know we'd never make it on the streets! I've got noodle arms and you're too lazy to fight.\" I rambled. \"Yeah, I get it. Point made.\" \"Good. Now then, let's get you up,\" I reached for her hand and hoisted her up. She brushed her hair out of her face and sighed before checking the time and mumbling a few curse words when she realized how long she'd been asleep. \"I gotta go make up some time, so you'll have to sit by yourself for awhile, 'kay?\" I smiled at her as she scurried away. Some people will never change. But that's okay, cause I wouldn't change a thing about anyone. I enjoy a diverse range of people. I stepped out of the restroom feeling a bit more confident now that I knew Rae was nearby. I found a spot on the couch (which ran all the way across three of the four walls) and looked around at the rest of the crowd. There was a group of three girls my age at the bar who kept looking over at this group of four boys, also my age group, who's intentions were obvious. There were other groups too, but I fixed my gaze on these groups; specifically on one of the boys. He was dressed like all the rest, but what caught my eye was his eyes. One had these fake lashes which I found oddly entrancing, not to mention the unnerving look he had in his eyes, which also drew me to him. I took out my sketch book and pencil and began at first with his eyes, then his face, and eventually his whole self. I was sure to be discreet with my glances, only looking when he wasn't, so that he wouldn't realize I was totally creeping on him. Once finished, I smiled at my art, which was nicely settled midst the rest of my drawings. Some of them had names, others I just imagined. \"Whatcha got there?\" I jumped at Rae's voice. She smiled and sat down next to me, looking over my new masterpiece. She looked between the boy and the drawing a couple times before giving me a crooked smile. \"New obsession?\" She asked teasingly. I just shrugged and smiled right back: \"Maybe.\" \"What got ya this time?\" \"The eyes...\" I said, tapping my fingers on the sketched eyes which I took great care in drawing out. \"Ahhhh. Cool. Better make up your mind though, cause it looks like he's leaving.\" I looked up, and sure enough, she was right. He had stood up, calling 'out out out out' and randomly hitting some dude who was muttering to himself. I quickly put away my sketchbook back into my bag as they exited, and stood up quickly. I gave a quick wave to Rae before following after them. The night was cool and clear, and most nights I would've stopped to enjoy it, except for as of the moment, I was on a mission. I followed quietly unseen as they walked first onto Marghanita Boulevard and then onto Boothby Avenue, where they found this old man who I think I had seen at the library a few times. I hid behind some rubbish as they began toying with him, saying things which were just out of ear-range and taking his books. They ripped them up and I watched as they man helplessly tried to get back the books. They then beat him; taking out his false teeth and cracking them against the pavement, ripping off some of his clothes before letting him go. They read some letters which were in the mans pocket, all having quite a bit of fun, and threw the mans money around (which I would happily collect once they left) before leaving for their next exploit of the night. I followed them all the way to the Duke of New York, where they bought drinks for some older women. \"Odd...\" I wondered why on earth this bunch would spend their money on these people who they would usually beat senseless. They soon got out of there and went to this store, beating up the owners, taking the money, and once again running off. I was starting to lose interest when they stopped in this alley way. The leader with the eyelashes stopped them, and ordered them to help clean up the big ugly one of the lot, and this I found kind of funny. So I opened my sketchbook, found his drawing, and underneath wrote: Clean freak I followed them back to the Duke of New York, where I found out the reason for them spending their money on the old folk. \"We haven't been out of here, have we? Been here all the time, haven't we?\" They caught on, and began thanking them and agreeing that they'd been there the whole time. I smiled to myself, thinking how clever it was, so I wrote: Intelligent I was sitting by myself, drinking a soda, watching the lot (who hadn't even looked over my direction) when the cops came in asking about the break-in. \"You lot know anything about the happenings at Slouse's shop this night?\" \"Us?\" He asked innocently, which made me giggle quietly to myself, \"Why, what happened?\" \"Stealing and roughing. Two hospitalizations. Where've you lot been this evening?\" Then the boy got a look in his eye which was a lot like the one I noticed in the bar: \"I don't go for that nasty tone, I don't care much for these nasty insinuations. A very suspicious nature all this betokeneth, my little brothers.\" \"They've been in here all night, lads,\" the aforementioned elderly started saying. \"God bless them, there's no better lot of boys living for kindness and generosity. Been here all the time they have. Not seen them move we haven't.\" \"And what about you?\" The question was pointed at me. I was feeling a bit rambunctious, so I answered: \"Actually sir, I was just there when it happened.\" The boy looked at me with a mix of fear and anger, just now noticing I was there; unaccounted for. The police man came over and immediately asked for a description. \"Ah ah ah,\" I said, \"not so fast.\" I held out my hand expectantly. The man caught on and handed over a bit of cash, which a thanked him for and pocketed it. I then went on about exactly what happened, making sure it was nothing like what really happened so that the group of boys would think I had lied about being there. When I was done, I glanced over at my obsession, who was now smiling. As the police left, they gave them a warning look, to which they responded to with lip-trills, and I had to cover my mouth so that they wouldn't notice me laughing. Then I saw something in the boys eyes that I found odd. It was disappointment . He was disappointed that the police hadn't fought with him. The reason I found it odd was because the look in the rest of their eyes was relief . See, after watching my peers for the past couple years, I found one thing common. None of them actually enjoyed the violence, they just pretended to. It was what was popular, so they all played along, but I could see it in their eyes. They wanted something else. This one, however, really and honestly loved it. He lived and breathed violence, and it intrigued me. That's when I decided. I was going to stalk the shit out of him. I suppose I should mention that I'm an open stalker. Honestly, I think everyone loves to snoop and I'm just more open about it. In a world where kids do whatever they want, others rape and murder and I stalk. If you wanna talk about morals, then at least mine doesn't hurt anyone. I didn't do anything extreme like take their hair or watch them sleep, I just observed what they did and what they said. I first stalked this boy Luke in the sixth grade. I followed him to different parties and sometimes his house and I'd just watch and listen. I wasn't caught until eighth grade, and when my parents found out, they were pissed. My fathers this big time politician, so he was afraid I'd ruin his political image. They kicked me out, and I was left to fend for myself. Of course, if anyone asked, he told them I was at an elite school someplace so that no one would know he had a freak in his family. I found Rae soon after, and she let me split rent with her. And that, my friends, is how I came to be the odd ball I am today. Rae thinks its hilarious, and sometimes listens to my stories. The last person I stalked was an elderly woman, and I watched her all the way till death. I never knew her name. She was just someone that the world forgot, and I felt good about being there for her, though unseen. Anyway, after my unplanned appearance at the Duke of New York, I decided I'd go back to the milk bar so that they wouldn't be suspicious if they spotted me again later that eve. When I got back, the bar was a bit more crowded than before, and Rae was serving them as fast as she could, about to pass out. I smiled at her before sitting down again, shutting my eyes for a quick nap. When my eyes opened again, the bar was still busy, and even a couple more folks had stepped in. I yawned, smacking my lips at the now disgusting taste in my mouth, reaching for some cash so I could get a drink. Milks fine, I decided. Just as I stood, wouldn't you know it, the boys came back. They went over to the blubbering druggie in the corner, not noticing me a bit, and started messing with him. I watched them in the corner of my eye as I went over to one of the dispensers they had there. After looking at it for awhile, still unable to figure out how it worked, some of the teens started watching me, which i didn't like so much as being the watcher. I see where the money goes in, but then how the fuck did you get the milk?! I wondered. I looked around a bit nervously for help, but all I got were snickers from some of the teens there. I laughed nervously, turning back to the machine, making a total idiot of myself. \"Shit shit shit shit shit shit shit-\" I was muttering quietly to myself. Maybe this is why I don't have friends... I thought. Then I decided the longer I stood there the more embarrassing, so I would just ask for help. \"Excuse me,\" I said very politely to no one in particular, \"would one of you mind helping me before I make a total idiot of myself?\" This made some of them laugh, and I kind of laughed at myself too before one of the boys from the very group I followed like a creeper came over to help. He held out his hand and I handed over the money needed. He put in the coins and grabbed a glass, pulling a lever which made milk come out of the statues tit. \"Pffffft...\" I began to giggle and I tried to cover it up before someone noticed how immature I was, but to no avail. I just openly laughed, \"Of course it comes out of her tit!\" And some of the people who had been watching laughed too. The boy laughed a bit too, handing the glass over. \"Thanks...?\" \"Pete.\" I smiled at him, and he smiled back before going back to his seat with the rest. I made a small toasting gesture to those still staring, and took a sip. This doesn't taste right, I thought, furrowing my brows. The others seemed to of expected this, seeing as they were still watching and snickering. I kind of awkwardly shuffled over to where Pete was, trying to be casual. \"Hi, me again, this doesn't...uh...taste right. This is milk, isn't it?\" I kind of sputtered out nervously. Again, more laughter. \"It's Milk-Plus.\" This time it was mr. eyelashes that spoke, so I got even more nervous. It was very rare that I actually spoke to my obsessions. \"Oh. Right... And what exactly does that, uh, mean?\" I was now sure that everyone in the bar now knew I was just an innocent playing pretend. \"It's milk plus vellocet or synthemesc or drencrom.\" He spoke with this very gentlemanly tone, which I enjoyed. It contrasted to his violent manner, which added interest to his character. I bit my lip, now realizing I had just inadvertently done drugs. Oops. \"Oh, okay, thanks.\" I said quickly before setting my glass down someplace random and sitting back down, face now completely red. Everyone went back to what they were doing before, laughing and shaking their heads. Rae came over and sat down next to me, placing a comforting arm over my shoulder. \"Well, that was...\" \"Embarrassing.\" I rested my head on her shoulder. She caressed my shoulder in a calming way. \"Yeah..\" She was honest. I then remembered something and pulled out my notebook. I wrote: Gentlemanly \"Ooh, he's gentlemanly?\" I nodded and smiled, feeling a bit better. \"Well, wanna head back? My shift is over.\" Again, I nodded, and as we stood up, the music turned off and this middle-aged woman started singing. It was quite lovely so I stopped and listened, her voice reaching these unattainable notes that came off as nothing to her, and she was truly interesting. I sketched her as she sang, and finished drawing just as she finished singing. Just then, the large, ugly oaf of the group started with these vulgar gestures. It was then that I saw yet another look in my obsessions eyes: Fury. \"Bastard. Filthy drooling manner-less bastard.\" I heard him say before leaning over the one in the middle and punched the bastard right in the mouth. The rest of the bar ignored it, as if it happened regularly, which it might of, but me and Rae watched. \"What for did you do that for?\" He said while wiping the blood from his face, quite surprised by his leaders sudden burst of violence. \"For being a bastard with no manners and not the dook of an idea how to comport yourself publicwise, O my brother.\" \"I don't like you should do what you done then. And I'm not your brother no more and wouldn't want to be.\" He took a big snotty handkerchief from his pocket and continued wiping the endless amount of blood. \"If you don't like this and you wouldn't want that, then you know what to do, little brother.\" Leader said (I think I'll call him leader), which made the one in the middle say: \"All right. Let's not be starting.\" \"That's clean up to Dim,\" He said (now I knew half of their names). \"Dim can't go on all his jeezny being as a little child.\" \"What natural right does he have to think he can give the orders and tolchock me whenever he likes? Yarbles is what I say to him, and I'd chain his glazzies out soon as look.\" Dim said; the blood slowing its flow. \"Watch that,\" Leader said quietly, \"Do watch that, O Dim, if to continue to be on live thou dost wish.\" \"Yarbles,\" said Dim (I was pretty sure yarbles meant balls), \"great bolshy yarblockos to you. What you done then you had no right. I'll meet you with chain or nozh or britva any time, not having you aiming tolchocks at me reasonless, it stands to reason I won't have it.\" \"A nozh scrap any time you say,\" then Pete spoke up, \"Oh now, don't, both of you malchicks. Droogs, aren't we? It isn't right droogs should behave thiswise. See, there are devotchka's watching us. We mustn't let ourselves down.\" I realized he meant me and Rae, but Leader and Dim were still giving murderous looks at each other. \"Dim has got to learn his place. Right?\" Said Leader. \"Wait,\" said Middle-man, \"What's all this about place? This is the first I ever hear about lewdies learning their place.\" \"If the truth is known, Alex, you shouldn't have given old Dim that uncalled-for tolchock. I'll say it once and no more. I say it with all respect, but if it had been me you'd given it to you'd have to answer. I say no more.\" And now I knew my obsessions name. Alex. I could tell Alex wasn't too happy about being ganged up on, but said calmly, \"There has to be a leader. Discipline there has to be. Right? I have been in charge long now. We are all droogs, but somebody has to be in charge. Right? Right?\" They all nodded. Dim even said something about how they were all tired, and weren't thinking right. Alex, quite satisfied with their response, sort of apologized. \"You understand about that tolchock on the rot, Dim. It was the music, see. I get all bezoomny when any veck interferes with a ptitsa singing, as it might be. Like that then.\" I took note of this, writing in my notebook: Musically Inclined Then I took Rae by the arm, and dragged her off into the night. Yay! Finished! ill probably revise this a billion times, but oh well. Please review! ","Summary":" Hey! This is my first Clockwork Orange Fanfiction, so it may totally suck, but please don't hate me"},{"Movie":"A Clockwork Orange","Title":"Korova Milk Bar","Author":"Gabu Sevs","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10530794","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Glossário: *Duk = sombra *Toltchok = golpe, porrada *Yarblis = testículos *Glazes = olhos *Devotchka = garota . xXxXxXxXxXxXxXxXx . E ra noite. O céu estava nublado, não se via as estrelas, nem mesmo a grandiosa Lua. Entretanto o ar permanecia quente. Estávamos andando pelas ruas de Londres, sem saber pra onde ir. Apesar das várias confusões que nos levaram até ali eu estava feliz. Cantarolava e andava saltitante, olhando a paisagem ao meu redor. Sarah e Dominique caminhavam um pouco atrás de mim. Sarah estava preocupada, porque afinal, estávamos perdidas, com pouco dinheiro nos bolsos e sem um lugar definido para passar a noite. Enquanto isso Dominique resmungava em voz baixa, ela também estava revoltada com o fato de estarmos em um lugar desconhecido e sem saber pra onde ir. Continuamos andando, até que depois de certo tempo, olhando os prédios e construções daquele lugar, me deparei com estabelecimento ainda aberto. Olhei para uma janela semi-aberta, e pude perceber que luzes coloridas iluminavam o local. Sob a porta de entrada via-se uma placa, onde estava escrito com letras grandes: 'Korova Milk Bar'. -Ko-ro-va... Milk Bar! – li lentamente o que estava escrito na placa, tentando assimilar que lugar era aquele – Milk Bar... hum. -O que foi Alice? – perguntou Sarah, que já estava parada ao meu lado, juntamente com Dominique. -Milk Bar... – falei ainda olhando para a placa, agora com os meus olhos brilhando – Hum, isso é uma leiteria, não é Sarah? -É o que parece, por quê? -É que estou com tanta sede. Será que podemos parar um pouco pra beber um copo de leite? – olhei para Sarah e Dominique com a cara mais fofa que poderia fazer, talvez assim elas concordassem com a minha idéia. -Alice, o que você tem nessa sua cabeça oca? – Dominique começou com mais um de seus sermões, definitivamente nós não nos entendíamos muito bem – Não temos tempo e muito menos dinheiro pra isso! -Mas... – parei um pouco para puxar o ar dos meus pulmões e me acalmar, brigar com Dominique naquele momento não seria o mais indicado. -Talvez seja uma boa idéia. – Sarah disse passando a mão em seu queixo de forma pensativa e sem desgrudar os olhos da leiteria. -O QUE? – Dominique deu um berro que ecoou pela rua vazia, ela detestava ser contrariada. -Dominique, nós estamos andando já faz horas, e ainda não encontramos sequer um lugar pra passar a noite. Talvez seja uma boa idéia darmos uma parada para descansarmos um pouco e... -...e até podemos dividir um copo de leite! – disse completando-a alegremente – Não dever ser tão caro, afinal, é só leite! Dominique murmurou irritada, mas eu sabia que ela também estava cansada e faminta, só estava fingindo ser durona. Andei até ela, que estava fitando o chão, e depositei minhas mãos sobre seus ombros. Seus olhos, que antes estavam estudando o asfalto rugoso, agora se dirigiram a mim. -Por favor, Nick – a chamei pelo apelido, com a voz mais fofa que podia – eu sei que você também está exausta e cheia de fome, e bem, um copinho de leite seria uma ótima pedida agora! Diz que sim, vai... Dominique e eu, apesar de todas as brigas, sempre tivemos uma forte ligação, ela era como minha irmã mais velha, que me protegia de todos os males. Nunca gostei de vê-la mal, e eu sabia que naquele momento ela não se sentia nada bem. Ela estava sempre tentando proteger a mim e a Sarah, e por isso muitas vezes acabava por esquecer-se de cuidar dela mesma. Era minha vez de ficar de olho nela. Dominique ficou um certo momento olhando para mim e para Sarah, que nesse momento estava do nosso lado, até que finalmente pude ouvir sua resposta. -Tá bem, tá bem, vamos logo antes que eu desista. – ela falou rolando os olhos. Não consegui conter o sorriso de alegria. Com certeza meu estômago também sorriu, ele deveria estar muito contente agora sabendo que seria alimentado. -Então vamos! Já perdemos um tempão aqui fora só pra decidir se íamos entrar! – e fui saltitante em direção à porta da leiteria. Leite com chocolate, leite com café, ou simplesmente um bom leite quente. Ah que fome! Acho que não resistiria e teria de tomar pelo menos uns cinco copos de leite. -Mas que porcaria é essa? – disse Dominique quando adentramos a leiteria. No início não tinha entendido muito bem o porquê do espanto na voz da minha amiga, mas depois que meus olhos se acostumaram com as luzes piscantes do ambiente eu finalmente pude entender o motivo. A decoração era um tanto quanto bizarra, algo parecido como manequins de mulheres nuas enfeitavam o lugar. Com perucas coloridas, elas serviam de mesa para os clientes que apoiavam seus copos de leite. Podiam-se encontrar mais delas espalhadas pelas paredes, meramente servindo de ornamento. Palavras como \" Moloko Synthemesc \", \" Moloko Vellocet \" e \" Moloko Drencrom \" eram encontradas em todo local, pregadas nas mesmas paredes onde as manequins zombeteiras ficavam. -É... parece que eles são bem exóticos. – Sarah falou olhando o ambiente. -Eu achei incrível! – eu disse maravilhada com tudo aquilo, observando as pessoas, a decoração e os copos de leite. Depois de algum momento admirando aquele lugar Dominique resolver falar. -Eu vou ver o que eles vendem de bom por aqui, enquanto isso vocês duas procuram algum canto onde a gente possa sentar. – depois de dito isso ela foi andando até um balcão onde um homem barbudo atendia os clientes. Eu e Sarah achamos uma mesa vaga no fundo da leiteria. Era tudo muito confortável, desde o jeito psicodélico, as luzes coloridas até a decoração estranha. Certamente seria o tipo de lugar que eu frequentaria se morasse perto. Depois de um tempo olhando o ambiente comecei a reparar nas pessoas que frequentavam aquele lugar. Elas pareciam tão diferentes. As roupas extravagantes, os cabelos coloridos, a maquiagem forte que se destacava. Era como se estivéssemos em um concurso pra ver quem chamava mais atenção. Após um tempo comecei a me sentir incomodada, como se estivesse sendo observada. Foi então que depois de certo tempo procurando me deparei com um par de olhos azuis fixados em mim. Eram belíssimos olhos azuis, com certeza. O dono deles era tão estranho quanto os outros frequentadores do local. Ele usava uma roupa branca com pequenos adereços em vermelho, botas pretas já gastas, algo como um protetor de suas \"partes baixas\" que era segurado por um suspensório, um chapéu-coco preto e por último e mais bizarro ainda, um cílio postiço no olho direito. Não é o tipo de roupa que a gente normalmente vê todo mundo usando por aí, mas eu tinha gostado. Ficava bem nele. Ele estava acompanhado por outros três garotos, ambos vestidos do mesmo jeito, como se fizessem parte de uma gangue, mudando apenas alguns detalhes nas roupas. Enquanto eu matutava um monte de coisas na minha cabeça ele não deixou de me olhar nenhum segundo. Talvez se eu tivesse sido menos burra teria reparado que ele não desgrudou aqueles lindos olhos de mim desde o momento em que entrei naquele lugar. Ele estava preguiçosamente sentado em uma das cadeiras da leiteria apoiando as pernas sobre uma das manequins-mesa enquanto apreciava um bom copo de leite. -Ei gente, será que vocês poderiam me dar uma ajudinha aqui? – disse Dominique me tirando do transe e me forçando a olhar pra ela. Ela tinha chegado com três copos de leite e tentava equilibra-los da melhor maneira possível – Que lugar cheio, demorou quase o infinito pra comprar três míseros copos de leite. Tem algo muito esquisito nisso, ninguém gasta tanto dinheiro pra comprar leite. – Dominique resmungava enquanto bebia aos goles sua bebida ainda quente. -Talvez eles gostem de vir aqui pra conversar, é um lugar diferente e interessante. – Sarah disse. -Muito interessante... – eu murmurei sem prestar atenção na conversa delas. Peguei meu copo de leite desajeitadamente da mesa e voltei a olhar para o rapaz de olhos azuis. Ainda olhando pra mim ele deu um sorrisinho de canto de boca e ergueu levemente o copo de leite que segurava como se estivesse brindando com o vento. Acho que fiquei ruborizada na hora, e com certeza ele notou isso, porque pude ver o seu sorriso se aumentando cada vez mais. Enquanto ainda nos olhávamos, uma música chegou aos meus ouvidos. Uma mulher, em outra mesa não muito distante irrompeu num cantar. Eu conhecia aquela doce melodia. Ludwig Van Beethoven. Era a Nona Sinfonia de Beethoven, quarto movimento. Eu não era grande conhecedora de música clássica, mas gostava particularmente de Beethoven, Tchaikovsky e Vivaldi. Pela primeira vez eu quebrei o contato visual com o jovem estranho, que por sinal também parecia apreciar a música, para olhar para a mulher que cantava. Não demorou muito tempo até que escutei um dos amigos do garoto de olhos azuis falando vulgaridades e reclamando da música. -Imbecil. Imbecil sujo, babão e sem modos. – disse o rapaz dos orbes azuis já vermelho de raiva. Ele se levantou do assento e bateu no outro rapaz, que abriu a boca de espanto e perguntou: -Porque é que foi que você fez isso comigo? Eu era uma das poucas pessoas prestavam atenção no incidente. A leiteria estava movimentada e a rádio do local começou a tocar uma música alta e barulhenta. Dominique e Sarah também pareciam entretidas em sua própria discursão pra saber como é que voltaríamos pra casa. -Porque você ser um imbecil sem modos e sem uma duk* de ideia de como se comportar publicamente, Ó, meu irmão. – disse o garoto ainda de pé e em tom raivoso. -Não gostei de você ter tido que fazer o que fez então. E eu não sou mais seu irmão, e nem ia querer ser. – o garoto que havia apanhado falou dando um olhar irritado. -Se você não gostou e não queria que eu fizesse isso, então sabe o que fazer, irmãozinho. Naturalmente aquilo era uma briga, mas eu não entendia patavinas do que eles diziam. É como se conversassem usando um tipo de código, como gírias de gangue. -Que direito natural você tem de achar que pode dar ordens e me dar um toltchok* sempre que quiser? Yarblis*, é o que eu digo, e eu correntava suas glazes* na hora. Os outros dois garotos do grupo não pareciam se incomodar muito com a situação, como se aquilo já fossem algo normal de acontecer. Mas depois de um tempo, um deles, chamado Georgie - pelo que pude ouvir durante as conversas do grupo - tentou acalmar os ânimos dos rapazes que discutiam. \"Ei Alice! ALICE!\" ouvi alguém gritando o meu nome e senti um leve empurrão no ombro direito. Era Sarah. -Temos que ir embora. – ela disse – Está ficando tarde! -Mas já? – eu perguntei desanimada. Eu realmente tinha gostado daquele lugar, além do mais, não queria ir embora sem saber o nome daquele belíssimo rapaz de olhos azuis. -Deixa de frescura Alice! Vamos logo! Esse lugar cheira a incenso e daqui a pouco vou começar a espirrar! – Dominique voltou a ficar irritada. Ela estava contando as moedas que tinha recebido de troco pelos copos de leite na esperança que o dinheiro desse para pagar pelo menos uma passagem de ônibus. -Ok. Eu... já estou indo. – respondi. -Estamos te esperando lá fora, não demore. – Sarah disse e se virou andando em direção da porta de saída, arrastando Dominique pela manga da blusa. Fiquei uns minutos fitando o nada, e depois voltei a olhar para o grupo de rapazes sentados a minha esquerda. A discursão já tinha cessado e agora eles conversavam calorosamente sobre algo no qual eu não podia ouvir. Era uma pena, eu nunca descobriria o nome dele. -É uma pena mesmo. – disse tristemente me levantando da cadeira e indo em direção a saída. \"Qual será o nome dele?\" pensei. Ele tinha cara de David, Ronald talvez. Não, com certeza Alexandre! Alexandre combinava com ele, como Alexandre O Grande. -É Alex. – escutei alguém falar atrás de mim. Eu já estava quase saindo da leiteria quando me virei para ver quem era. Era ele, o garoto. Minhas pernas bambearam e acabei me perdendo naquele mar azul que eram seus olhos. -O-o que... que foi que disse? – gaguejei. Por algum motivo as palavras não chegavam aos meus lábios como normalmente. -Disse que me chamo Alex DeLarge. Mas você, pequena devotchka*, pode me chamar somente de Alex. – ele disse abrindo um sorriso – Como se chama? Então era esse o nome dele. Alex. Um bonito nome. -E-eu... eu sou Alice. – comecei a ficar envergonhada, tive que acabar com o nosso contado visual e passar a olhar para o chão. Se continuasse olhando pra ele e para aquele sorriso eu só ficaria mais encabulada. -Desculpe – eu disse ainda fitando o chão – Tenho que ir embora, minhas amigas estão me esperando lá fora. – eu me virei rapidamente, tinha que sair daquele lugar, já estava ficando sem ar. As pessoas, a música, as luzes piscantes, Alex, tudo estava me deixando tonta. Senti uma mão segurando o meu pulso. Era Alex. Sua mão era tão quente e macia. Voltei a olhar pra ele, dessa vez eu não havia mais sorriso, sua expressão era séria. -Você vai voltar? – ele perguntou. Porque ele estava me perguntando isso agora? Ele queria que eu voltasse? Eu nem sabia direito que lugar era aquele, estava perdida. Eu nem sabia quem era ele. Mas eu queria voltar, queria voltar a vê-lo. -C-claro. – eu falei sem ter certeza. Ele ficou me olhando por mais alguns segundos quando soltou o meu pulso e voltou a sorrir, dessa vez maliciosamente. -Certo, certo, certo. – ele disse. Alex aproximou-se de mim e sussurrou no meu ouvido – Eu ficarei esperando. Pude sentir o hálito quente dele tocar a minha pele. Fiquei tão vermelha que por um instante achei que meu rosto fosse explodir. Ele se distanciou de mim ainda sorrindo e foi em direção a mesa onde ainda estavam os seus amigos. Fiquei parada aonde estava por alguns minutos, tentado saber se aquilo realmente tinha acontecido. Eu tinha prometido voltar para vê-lo, mas como eu faria isso? Certamente Dominique nunca mais voltaria nesse lugar, e Sarah... talvez Sarah voltasse. Dei uma última olhada para Alex e me virei para ir embora. -Alice, o que foi? Porque demorou tanto? – Sarah perguntou preocupada quando finalmente saí do Korova Milk Bar. -É, pensamos que algum louco tinha te agarrado lá dentro. – disse Dominique – Já estávamos quase entrando pra ver o que tinha acontecido! -Não foi nada meninas. – disse sem graça, lembrando do que tinha acontecido – Eu só estava descansando. -DESCANSANDO? Não temos tempos pra descansar! Temos que ir embora! – Dominique falou irritada vindo em minha direção, por um minuto pensei que ela fosse me bater. -Não há tempo de brigar. – Sarah tentava evitar uma possível briga – Ei Alice – ela se virou pra mim – descobri um jeito de chegarmos em casa. Podemos pegar um ônibus aqui perto, depois um metrô e logo chegaremos! -Isso é ótimo! – me animei. Eu estava precisando chegar logo em casa. Eu estava com sono, meus pés doíam e estava com fome. -Então vamos logo, não podemos nos atrasar! O próximo ônibus deve sair em breve. Sarah e Dominique saíram andando na minha frente. Eu ainda dei uma última olhada na faixada da leiteria. -Korova Milk Bar... hum. Sim Alex, não se preocupe, eu voltarei! – disse abrindo um sorriso. -EI ALICE, O QUE ESTÁ ESPERANDO? – Dominique berrou metros a frente de mim. -Calma, eu já estou indo! Esperem por mim! – então sai correndo atrás de minhas amigas. Sim Alex, eu voltarei. . xXxXxXxXxXxXxXxXx . Continua? ","Summary":" Glossário: *Duk = sombra *Toltchok = golpe, porrada *Yarblis = testículos *Glazes = olhos *Devotchk"},{"Movie":"A Clockwork Orange","Title":"Lord Alex's World Trip","Author":"cutipop","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9367906","Passage":"[Chapter 1] At the London Airport, our Humble Narrator sits impatiently for his farewell bidding. He has been nominated for being a knight and was going to fly around the world to participate in ancient sports to clear his family name. He watched a newlywed couple being cheered. \"Cheers to Sir Alex,\" shouted Tom the milk bar owner. \"He'll never fail us!\" Marty, Sonietta, Angelina, and his parents were there praising him. \"Enough already!\" he yelled. \" How dare you make such chepooka for my parting! \"We're trying to make the best goodbye ever.\"said Mr. Tom. We're celebrating a happy moment.\" quoted Pee. \"Come on, smile.\" \"What happened Frances? And where did Pete, Dim and Georgie go?\" \"Georgie returned to his native Lancaster.\" Marty said. \"Pete went to look for an engagement gift.\" Sonietta added. And Dim? He was in the care of the maternal Marty as well spending time with Alex's sister Ursula, his sweetheart. Billyboy was watching behind a wall. He wishes to bid farewell to Alex but the Officer Barnes is after him. \"Where is my lady companions?\" Alex asked. Angelina wondered how she looked. Marty playfully pointed out her jealousy. \"NOT TRUE!\" she whined. \"Angelina, I will write to you the whole trip.\" said Alex. \"I'd love that\". she grinned. \"And you and the Dunst sisters can visit me any time you want.\" \"Us too?\" giggled Marty and Sonietta. If we have time Then Alex heard Frances calling him. He went for a closer look and saw her wearing make up! \"I am your Lady companion.\" \"She's right.\" said a voice. It was the Minister of Interior. He and Pee tied up Alex. \"Don't do this!\" he cried. \" I'm glad that your friends are accompanying you.\" sighed Em. \"Quite so,\" said Pee. \"This is not just for fun. I hope you're accepting your title.\" \"You must fight these men from a dark society for the sake of your family's blue blood.\" stated the Minister. But all Alex was thinking was of earning beautiful ladies. He squirmed crying for real pretty companions. \"Alex, Georgie said if you drop by Lancaster,you can visit his family's dairy farm.\" Marty informed. \"Shut your rot !\" he protested as the Minister and Pee take him to his plane. \"He can serve you some delicious crumble!\" she continued. \" Gloopy devotchka , I don't want crumble. Send him a postcard that he instead invite me for moloko plus!\" All the girls chortled. Meanwhile Barnes releases Billyboy from his custody. Alex watched his family and friends from his plane taking off. This airplane was in autopilot. A while later, Alex was conducting. Frances gave him food and drink. From a distance he saw buildings that look Indian. \"This is the South Asian part of Britain.\" quoted the GPS. \"The devotchkas there are single.\" While the plane flew by, Officer Barnes was on Billy's trail once more. The bullets from his gun hit the plane. \"Good Bog, they're trying to make me gloopy!\" grumbled Alex. \"Look, there's our home street.\" \"I bet you're proud to return to your neighborhood with the title of knight.\" Frances said It was a triumphal welcome indeed. We all thought you were a failure, Frances thought tearfully. \"It was all thanks to you.\" choked up Alex. Frances jumped up and threw her arms around him as he wrapped his arms around her both shedding tears of happiness. ","Summary":" At the London Airport, our Humble Narrator sits impatiently for his farewell bidding. He has been n"},{"Movie":"A Clockwork Orange","Title":"She's Not Mine","Author":"SawyerValentine","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9736728","Passage":"[Chapter 1] My droogs and I were going to the Duke of New York this nochy. Pete and Georgie were going to bring their devotchkas to meet us. Of course no sharp in their right mind would ever fancy Dim, and Your Humble Narrator couldn't be bothered with the same devotchka clinging to his arm day in and day out. Dim, Georgie and I sat at a table in the back of the bar. I took a sip of my beer then Dim spoke. \"I don't think they'll turn up.\" I rolled my glazzies at Dim's gloopy remark. Before I could say a slovo, Pete goolied in with a rather lovely devotchka. Her eemya was Lily, she was quiet and reserved like Pete. She gave us a shy smile before taking a seat beside him. \"So Georgie, where's your devotchka?\" I asked starting to feel impatient. \"She should be arriving any moment now.\" Before Georgie could finish, someone walked through the door. This devotchka was beautiful, the sight of her gave me an unfamiliar warm feeling all through my guttiwuts. She looked over to our table, her face lit up when she met glazzies with Georgie. My chest filled with an unpleasant empty feeling when I realized that she was Georgie's devotchka. She breezed by tables, her velvety brown luscious glory bounced with each step she took. She had this uncommon magnetism that attracted me to her, I've never seen a ptitsa l like her before. Georgie stood up when she got to us. \"Hi.\" She said to him quietly. Her innocent goloss was melodious and enchanting. Georgie put an arm around her tally and kissed her, for a little longer then he should have. \"Marianne,\" Georgie said, \"you already know Lily, this is Pete and Alex.\" \"Hi.\" She said sitting down at the table. \"Nice to meet you all.\" She smiled. She looked to me for a brief moment then back to Georgie. I would have sold my soul to have that moment last just a bit longer. The entire evening seemed to move along slowly, I couldn't focus on anything but Marianne. I was being carried away by a like unreasoned passion. When she spoke to me I felt real horror show, she made me feel like I just had a bolshy shot of the old moloko. All through the nochy I studied her face, her body, the way she walks, the way she spoke, everything. Can you believe it little Alex infatuated with a devotchka? Yes, O my brothers, it had happened, Marianne, the first ptitsa to make Your Humble Narrator weak in the knees. When the evening finally over I walked alone down the Flat Block Marina and left out a small guff as I thought of her. Marianne was too good for Georgie. I noticed her walking in the distance. I wanted her. \"Marianne.\" I called. She turned around, her hair floated around her shoulder in the wind, a smile spread across her face. And what I want I get. \"Hello Alex.\" She said sweetly. \"Hi hi hi there little sister. What are you doing out here oddy knocky?\" I asked. \"Oh um Georgie's gone to pick up something with Pete so I figured I'd just continue home.\" \"Well that's not very gentleman like,\" I said. \" Let me escort thou home.\" \"I'll be fine, thank you.\" She smiled. \"I insist.\" I said offering her my arm. \"Alex,\" she said with a small laugh looking down at the ground. \"I know what you're trying to do and it's not going to work.\" \"I have no idea what you're talking about.\" I said acting all innocent like. Her hazel glazzies caught mine, the way she looked at me almost froze me. \"You're going to escort me home, try the old in out then be done with me.\" \"I wouldn't never.\" \"Oh please Alex. Do you think I'm stupid? Do you think I don't know what you and your friends do when you go out late at night.\" She spoke in way that confused me. She wasn't angry with me but she spoke as if she were having a casual conversation with an old lover. \"I want you.\" I said bluntly unable to control my words. \"What?\" She asked sound almost amused. \"I need you. I've never seen anyone like you before.\" I tried not to beg. \"Goodnight Alex.\" She began to walk away. I grew angry and grabbed her arm and pulled her back to me. I considered throwing her down on the pavement and giving her the old in out real savage like I would with any other devotchka, but I couldn't. She had a look of panic on her face for a moment then it softened to one of sympathy. Unconsciously my grip loosened on her arm. \"I know what you're thinking of doing but it won't make me love you. I can't be with someone like you.\" \"Do you think Georgie is a better person than I am?\" I almost yelled. \"No, I don't.\" She said putting a hand my chest. \"But Georgie comes home and can love me. He knows what he's doing is wrong. He doesn't get the same trill out of it as you. I don't want you.\" \"But-\" She kissed me softly on the lips. \"Don't tell anyone but I'm sorry. Bye Alex.\" The emptiness in my chest grew into an almost unbearable as I watched her walk away. I didn't know a thing about her and I didn't know what love felt like but it felt like they were being stripped from my life. It took all my willpower to not drop to my knees or run after her. \"So long Marianne.\" I breathed. I hope you liked my little story. I've never written one-shots before and I'm quite new to the site. Please let me know what you think :) ","Summary":" My droogs and I were going to the Duke of New York this nochy. Pete and Georgie were going to bring"},{"Movie":"A Clockwork Orange","Title":"Say Goodbye My Angel","Author":"SawyerValentine","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9949783","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Here is just another one of my little stories/one shots. It's really different so I hope you like it. ;) Yet another late night was spent in the Duke of New York. Alex sat alone quietly drinking a beer. His eyes scanned the room for anyone who might add some fun to this evening. He paused to examine a girl sitting at the bar flirting with the man behind the counter. She adjusted her glasses and flashed him an incandescent smile. She didn't look like much of a challenge but he needed to entertain himself somehow. Alex waltzed up to the bar. \"What are you drinking, my little sister?\" He asked. \"Gin and tonic.\" She said straw in her teeth. \"I see. So what are you doing here all oddy-knocky?\" \"Same as you, I assume.\" She spun in her chair so her body faced him. \"Looking to get out of the house for a few hours.\" \"Aren't we all.\" He mused. \"Who are you?\" She asked with a smirk. \"Alex DeLarge, miss.\" He tipped his hat to her. \"And who do I have the pleasure to meet?\" \"Marie Foster.\" Marie had to admit; he was cute. Dangerous but cute. They talked awhile, exchanging stupid opinions on current events. Innocent with a hint of mischief, Alex thought, perfect. They found themselves walking around an empty park in the early hours of the morning. \"Well I better be heading back.\" Marie said. \"Let me take you back to my place. We can listen to all your favourite warbles and pop-disks on my picnic player.\" He offered just catching her arm. \"No thank you.\" She said knowing his intentions. \"Oh please, my angel.\" He said pulling her closer to him. \"No.\" She said sternly. \"Fine.\" He threw her to the ground and got on top of her. She let out a scream that no one would hear. Oh how he loved it when they screamed. \"Fancy this my darling.\" He threw her glasses off causing one of the lenses to crack. \"Stop!\" She yelled again trying to push him off her. He ignored her and begun pulling at her clothes. Marie swung a punch to the side of Alex's head knocking him off her. She jumped on top of him and continued to beat him. He pulled out his knife and made a nice deep cut along her cheekbone. Blood spilled from the wound and stained Alex's white shirt. She struck him across the face. She was the only girl who had ever had the will to fight him. He almost didn't know what to do. Their battle continued until Marie's punches were coming so fast Alex had no time to defend himself. Alex's body grew limp. She stood up; both covered in each other's blood. She grabbed her broken glasses and walked back over to him. He watched her weakly. She knelt down beside him and spoke. \"I never want you to do this to any other girl, alright.\" She placed a soft kiss on his lips. \"When you wake up, look me up.\" He watched her walk away angry, entertained, and infatuated. ","Summary":" Here is just another one of my little stories/one shots. It's really different so I hope you like i"},{"Movie":"A Clockwork Orange","Title":"Alex Sings In The Rain","Author":"SawyerValentine","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9665711","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: I was doing some doodling in class today and I started re-writing the lyrics to Singing in the Rain into a sort of Clockwork Orange style. So I decided to share it. :) It really short and isn't all the lyrics but I hope you like it anyways. He's singing in the rain Just singing in the rain What a glorious feelin' He's violent again He's laughing at girls Dark and unloved The sun's in his heart And he's ready for love Let the evil droogs chase Everyone from this place Come on with the pain He's a smile on his face He walks down the lane With a blood covered cane Just singin' Singin' in the rain ","Summary":" A/N: I was doing some doodling in class today and I started re-writing the lyrics to Singing in the"},{"Movie":"A Clockwork Orange","Title":"Tick","Author":"fjdsklfjkdsljfkldsjfklds","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9471384","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Tick. Tick. Tick. Tick. The clock was a solid black affair, surrounded by iron bars; to keep the ultraviolence out no doubt. Time was a funny thing, the boy mused. It was immortal- yet it was dying with every tick. Did time run out? Would there be a day when all of the clocks in the world, even this heavily protected one, would stop? Would tick themselves right out of existence? Tick. Tick. Tick. Tick. It rang out with such finality, as if every second were a death blow delivered straight to the heart. His blue eyes slid shut, dead silence echoing around him; it was broken only by the steady tick tick ticking of the dreaded clock hanging on his wall. What time is it? He wondered. The clock ticked on, giving no answer but a steady counting of the seconds. Useless. Thin lips curled up in a sneer, a private one, meant for no eyes but his own and they were shut tight. Tick. Tick. Tick. Tick. Red dripping from a silver knife; hands closing over a tender throat. Explosions, and violence, and over all of it- Beethoven. ","Summary":" Tick. Tick. Tick. Tick. The clock was a solid black affair, surrounded by iron bars; to keep the ul"},{"Movie":"A Clockwork Orange","Title":"How Does A Clock Work Orange?","Author":"mattmale","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9460228","Passage":"[Chapter 1] At the Kooroova Milk-Shop, sitting in the best seat, was I, Alex, with my droogs, that's Dim, Georgie and Pete. All in the heighth of fashion the four of us were dressed; drinking the old moloko – mixed with synthmesc was best. Our molokos then began their moloko-plus pricks , which meant out into the nochy went us four malchicks... Leaving the biblio was this mossy schoolmaster with books under his arm, so we walked up much faster. While us four smiling droogs surrounded him in a square I said, \"Pardon me, brother, but what books have you there?\" \"Oh, these books aren't for you. They are too precious you see. These books are quite advanced and not for ones such as thee.\" I instead snatched them out saying, \"We just want to look,\" and began to read his big Crys-tal-log-ra-phy book. \"This book is quite amusing, so to you, sir, thank you. I'm taking these as mine but won't return them once due.\" We then pushed him aside and carried away anew. In a brand new, found, Durangola-McFive , we ran down lewdies as, due west, we did drive. Noticing this cottage with HOME on its gate, we stop in the drive and I in-ves-ti-gate. I say through the door to the veck out of view. \"Pardon me, monsieur. Sorry to disturb you. I know it is late but you appear lonely. I have just the cure but have just one only. It is the best of cures. It's truly quite great and will improve ten-fold your sad lonely state!\" He paused for a moment...and then he said, \"Wait.\" The front door then opened and in came with me droogie Pete, droogie Dim and droogie Georgie all wearing masks, making much fun to be had, and starting a game called, Now Let's All Be Bad. But, he did not like, he was a dissenter, \"What is this? Who Are You? HOW DARE YOU ENTER! You all cannot be here! IT'S NOT A REC. CENTER!\" \" Thou did pray to have fun,\" said I to the squire, \"Well this is the fun that thoust so require!\" As I tilted my hat and picked up his cat beginning the old cat-hat balancing act, Georgie grabbed this vase, Pete and Dim fine decor and proceeded to throw them right on to the floor till, \"No!\" said the veck, \"This is no fun at all!\" trying his best to put this fun to a stall. And that was my cue so, along with guffaws, I ' chocked the veck's head till the kroovy it was. We all went back townwards to the Kooroova Milk-Shop which was operating now with lewdies filled to the top. In a moment of hush this sharp and her Violoone appeared out the lewdies stringing a fine Vio-Tune. I was in just pure bliss as this song I quitely knew ... till Dim dog-howled and guffawed like he lived in a zoo . For being a dum-bler he must a lesson be taught so I decided to POP his dim, mannerless rot. \"I don't like what you done. I'm your brother no morewise!\" said Dim wiping his lip. Right then, much to my surprise, Pete and Georgie jumped in and they began to chastise, \"No more picking on Dim. We don't like it that way!\" \"In fact it should all be equal and not just your say!\" \"BUT ORDER SHOULD BE KEPT,\" I barked, \"TO RULE I MUST! I HAVE BEEN IN CHARGE LONG AND RULED YOU ALL QUITE JUST!\" They all warily nodded. I had regained their trust. For us came brand new drinkie-drinks, at my insist, as for calming these droogies scotchies would assist. I said, \"Now my brothers, what doth ye have in mind ?\" \"I know of this one place,\" ol' Georgieboy outlined. \"There's a house in Oldtown that Dim and I espied where this ancient cheena appears lonely inside.\" I said, \"Good, Georgieboy. Let's toast with a scotchy! ...Oh, the places we'll go this horrorshow nochy!\" Through the cheena's window we saw in her house that she'd the bestest stuff and was without spouse. Told my droogs, \"Stay back. I'll go down the chimney. Why the need to chat for her to let in: me?\" So inside I then slid, all gentle and slow; peaked my head out the flue and then said, \"Hello!\" But she reddened up and like loudly bellowed, \"WHAT ARE YOU DOING YOU YOUNG TILLIANOUS VOAD!?\" \"Well know now if you must,\" I thought this up quick, \"I'm the chimney tester for dear old St. Nick!\" \"You leave now at once!\" she barked without caprice, \" He's already been so I'm calling police!\" \"You've misunderstood,\" I rightly tried to say, \"I've come here in peace and just wanted to play,\" I tried to begin my famed balancing act but her cats played rough; they just ran and attacked till she came for me and my cheek she right smacked! Like this I did not so I went on offense and grabbed this statue that was really quite dense and 'chocked her one fine sparing not one expense. Hearing a siren that wasn't too distant, I knew right then I must belt in an instant! I ran to the front door and undid the chain, but there stood old Dim blocking my exit lane. To him I exclaimed, \"OFF! Rozzes are nearing!\" \"You stay and meet them,\" Dim said all like sneering. Then without notice came his Oozy-la-mace swinging right into my oblivious face. \"I'M BLIND YOU VILE SODS !\" I creeched out as they fled. The rozzes then came. And away I was lead... ","Summary":" At the Kooroova Milk-Shop, sitting in the best seat, was I, Alex, with my droogs, that's Dim, Georg"},{"Movie":"Charlie's Angels: The Movie","Title":"Dylan's Lost Angel","Author":"Sin Like U Mean It","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5993906","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \"Good morning angels\" The speaker box sounded in it's usual voice. \"Good morning Charlie.\" The three girls spoke in unison, smiles on all their faces. \"I have someone here who's been dying to meet you girls.\" They looked at each other and then Bossily who only shrugged and looked to the door as it started to open. \"She's been trying to contact me fore a few months now.\" A slim yet muscular young woman walked through the doors, her hair was a darker blond with highlights of a lighter brown, she stood at about 5'10 5'11 and wore tight blue jeans with a leather jacket and a tank top. \"Angel's I'd like you to meet Kasey Walker.\" She removed her sun glasses, placing them on her head after running her fingers through her long hair. She smiled at Dylan and bowed her head slightly. \"Nice to meet you Angels.\" Dylan's jaw dropped slightly, recognizing the eyes and voice. She jumped up from the couch and all but tackled Kasey in a hug causing her to laugh a little before returning the hug. Natalie and Alex just looked at each other. \"I'm glad to see you remember me Helen, or should I say Dylan Sanders.\" \"How could I forget you Kase, When did you get taller then me?\"She asked looking up at the girl who just laughed and kissed Dylan's forehead. \"I was only 16 when we meet, I still had two years to grow, looks like it's a good thing I did.\" She winked. \"Your friend's seem confused hun, you might want to inform them.\" She motioned toward Alex and Natalie who were just staring. \"Oh guy's this is Kasey, I meet her back when I was Helen, before the whole Shamus thing went down. She warned me not to go out with him.\"She laughed a little and took Kasey's hand and pulled her toward the other angels. \"Kasey these are my best friends and pretty much sisters, Natalie and Alex the other angles.\" Kasey extended her hand to both girls who gladly shook it. \"Nice to meet you both. Thanks again Charlie for setting this up.\" She turned to speak to the speaker box on the desk. \"Glad to have reunited the two of you, after hearing the stories you've told me it's well worth it. Have a good day Angels I'll talk to you soon.\" Bossily turned off the speaker and sat at the edge of the desk. \"What stories did you tell him?\" Dylan looked up at Kasey who simply smiled and shrugged earning her a smack on the arm. \"So how did you two meet?\" Natalie asked scooting closer to Alex on the couch and patting the seat next to her. Kasey gladly took a seat, laying her arms on the back of the couch. \"Should I tell the story or are you going to?\" Kasey raised her eyebrow at Dylan who rolled her eyes. \"I'll tell it cause who knows how you've changed it.\" She teased and sat on Kasey's lap facing Nat and Alex. \"We were in high school, I was a senior and she was a sophomore. We ended up having a class together and she'd always sit at the back of the classroom in the corner doing nothing but reading. Sometimes though shed peek over her book and look at me, I thought it was the cutest thing ever. So I started to sit next to her and we'd pass notes cause she refused to talk in class, even though it was only study hall.\" Kasey shook her head and leaned into the couch more. The other Angels smiled sweetly finding it cute as well. \"One thing lead to other until Shamus came along.\" Dylan's smile faded. \"What do you mean one thing lead to another?\" Natalie asked looking between Alex and Dylan. Kasey smiled brightly and moved to look over Dylan's shoulder so she could see the other girls. Dylan laughed a little and bit her lip. \"Oh my god you guys were an item?' Alex asked a huge grin on her face. Both Kasey and Dylan nodded causing Natalie and Alex to giggled. \"Helen Zass was a lesbian?\" \"Was, key word hun. Shamus came along and everything that Helen and I ever had or could of had was gone.\"She snapped her fingers. \"Just like that.\" Her voice got quieter and she moved her chin off of Dylan's shoulder. Dylan bit her lip again, glancing back at Kasey as best she could. \"Don't\" Kasey whispered and Dylan looked back at Natalie and Alex. \"I never got to say good bye to her or anything. She was really the only one that I wonder what happened to these last 8 years.\" She got up off of Kasey's lap. \"What has happened to your for the past 8 years?\" She moved to sit next to Natalie. Kasey sat up more, moving her feet from the couch to the coffee table. \"We'll lets see barely graduated, went to college got my masters in psychology and my bachelor's in art and I've been teaching art and working in a mental hospital during the summers.\" She shrugged and looked back to the Angel's who's mouths were almost touching the floor. \"What?\" \"That's very impressive for someone of your age, how old are you 23, 24?\" Alex asked. \"24, 25 next month.\" She smiled \"It's not a hard accomplishment when you work for what you really want. I've always loved art but knew I couldn't really have a career in it so I figured I'd go for a master in psychology first and now here I am Doctor Walker.\" She smiled a little, watching Dylan. \"Still very impressive for how young you are.\" Natalie smiled at Alex and motioned toward the door with her eye's and Alex nodded slightly. \"Well seeing how we don't have a mission to attend today, Natalie and I are going to meet the boys for lunch.\" They both got up from the couch and picked up their things, heading for the door they both winked at Dylan. \"It was nice to meet you Kasey.\" Alex smiled as she waved. \"Hope to see you again soon.\"Natalie said before shutting the door. \"Nice to meet you too.\" She smiled and looked at Dylan. \"If they were discretely trying to leave us alone their not good at being discrete when it comes to you.\"She laughed a little watching Dylan run her teeth over her lip. \"You caught that?\" She raised her eyebrow a little. Kasey just nodded and stood up from the couch. \"So where should we go for lunch?\" She headed toward the door, pulling her sunglasses back over her eyes. Dylan smiled and quickly trailed behind her. \"Wherever you want to go is fine with me.\" She wrapped her arms around Kasey's. The taller girl smiled and glanced down at her from the corner of her eye. They made it out to the front where Kasey pulled her key's out of her pocket. She stood next to a baby blue 2002 Kawasaki Ninja, handing Dylan a pair of motorcycle sunglasses and gracefully swung her leg over the bike before turning her head to Dylan and smiled sweetly at her. \"You getting on?\" She held out her hand. Dylan took a deep breath and blinked a few times trying not to melt at her smile before nodding and taking the hand offered, slowly climbing onto the back of the bike. \"Hold tight and I hope you grew out of your milkshake and fries for breakfast, lunch and dinner cause where were going they ain't got it.\" She laughed as she started the bike, Dylan's arms slowly made there way around Kasey's waist causing her to smile. 'Dude total six pack.' Dylan though, her fingers brushing light against Kasey's abs. \"You ready to go?\" She asked quietly, her head turning to the side. Dylan simply nodded and they slowly took off to their destination. She closed her eyes and leaned back slightly, still holding tight to Kasey. She smiled as the wind blew through her hair and against her face gently. Kasey smiled when she looked in at the side view mirror. 'Still as beautiful as I remember.' She thought to herself before slowly bringing the bike to a stop and turned off the engine, sitting up all the way. Dylan leaned forward, laying her head on Kasey's back. \"I remember the first time I trusted you to drive a bike with me on the back of it.\" She whispered barly loud enough for Kasey to hear. She smiles and pushed down the kickstand on the bike before slowly getting off, pulling Dylan with her. \"It was the first time I had asked you to let me take you for a ride and you said yes right away, I was surprised but so happy you let me.\" Her hand's slid down from Dylan's sides to her hips as she pulled her a little closer. Dylan's arms unconsciously found their way around Kasey's neck. \"It was also the same day we shared out first kiss.\" She whispered, looking up into deep blue/gray eyes and couldn't help but smile a little at the memories. Kasey brought a hand up to Dylan's face, slowly running her fingertips along her cheek slowly. \"I still think about that day, and all the others that it lead to.\"She whispered, her eyes fallowing her fingers movement across soft skin. \"I'm sure you've long forgotten them though.\" Her voice came quieter this time as her fingers trailed down Dylan's neck slowly. Dylan bit her lip lightly, her head leaning to the side a little as she fought to keep her eyes open. \"I remember ever day with you, sometimes if....if I think about it hard enough...it's like I can still feel your lips against mine.\" Her voice got quieter as she spoke, her eyes finally closing as Kasey brought her fingers back up her neck, stopping just under her ear. Kasey looked at her almost in disbelief, her eyebrows frowned slightly. Dylan's eyes slowly fluttered back open, instantly locking with Kasey's. They slowly inched closer, so close Dylan could feel Kasey's breath on her lips. She closed her eyes again waiting for whatever might happen but then nothing did and the feel of Kasey was gone she opened her eyes to see her rubbing the back of her neck as she sighed. \"Come on lets just go get something to eat.\" She all but whispered as she turned to walk up to the dinner they had pulled up in front of. Dylan ran a hand through her hair before sighing and fallowing Kasey. 'This could be a very long day.' Kasey though to herself as she held the door open for Dylan.[Chapter 2] Sorry it's been so long since I've done anything on this story. I've had a lot going on an just kinda long the flow of the characters. That and I've gone through two computers since I last updated this too haha. Anyway here's the next part to the story, hope you still like it. They walked into the restaurant, Dylan close behind Kasey. The restaurant was a nice one making Dylan feel a bit under dressed. \"Come on your fine, I come here all the time.\" Kasey walked up the steps into the main dining area. Dylan smiled to herself a little 'Some how she still knows me best'. \"Ah Miss Walker nice to see you again, your usual table ma'am?\" The host smiled and pulled out two menus noticing Dylan. \"Of course Conner.\" She smiled in return. \"Also tell Louie I'll be making mine and my guest's dinner.\" She turned her head an winked at Dylan who looked confused which only made Kasey laugh. \"Of course ma'am.\" He placed their menus on the table before bowing his head and walking off to the kitchen. \"And I've told you before don't call me ma'am\" She yelled pushing the menu to the edge of the table as she slid into the booth. The host only laughed in return. \"You cook here all the time?\" Dylan asked picking up the menu reading over it before looking back to Kasey. She shrugged in reply before resting her arms on the back of the booth. \"When I moved here a few months ago it was right across from the apartment I had at the time, I started coming here and fell in love with Louie's food and the people so after I moved into my house I kept coming. But last month it got bad for um and the landlord was going to close the joint.\" She watched Dylan's eyes as she paused for a minute 'god how I've missed those eyes' she thought to herself before shaking her head a little. \"So I bought it from him and promised Louie, Conner and Louie's wife Minnie that I'd never change a thing.\" She smiled gently at the smile that spread on Dylan's lips. \"Still so generous I see. I'm glad you didn't take after your brother.\" She looked back down at the menu. Kasey's smile faded as she turned her head to look out the window. \"I'll never understand what you saw in him.\" She all but whispered. Conner cleared his throat and Kasey turned her attention from the window to him. \"Louie say's you can go on back with your guest whenever you like Miss Walker.\" She smiled at him and nodded a little before he walked off back to the hosts podium. \"Come on.\" She stood up holding her hand out for Dylan but looking off toward the kitchen and not at her. Dylan regretted bringing up Kasey's brother immediately. She took her hand and used it to help her as she slid out of the booth, they headed toward the kitchen Dylan still holding her Kasey's hand. \"Louie I'm home!\" She yelled with a big grin on her face as she pushed open the kitchen's swinging doors. In the kitchen stood a tall Italian man, maybe 6'3 or 6'4 with a Mario mustache and short slightly puffy hair that was kept under control by his hair net. He was surprisingly muscular for a chief but by the amount of food he had on his apron and the way he was hand kneading the dough for his freshly made noodles, it was obvious the man truly loved his place in the kitchen. \"Ah dear Kasey.\" He smiled and wiped his hands on his apron before picking Kasey up and pulling her into a tight hug. \"How I have missed you.\" He kissed her head before placing her back on her feet. She laughed loudly after taking a deep breath trying to breath again. \"I was in here yesterday Louie.\" She smacked his arm lightly. \"and you know how I feel about being picked up.\" He laughed a throaty laugh before bringing his attention to Dylan to who smiled at him, not knowing quite what to say. Who might be your company be bambina? He asked, smiling back at Dylan. Oh sorry I forgot to introduce you cause I was trying to breath. all three of them laughed before Kasey guestered between Louie and Dylan. Dylan this is Louie, head chief and manager when he feels like it of Famiglia Vitto's. And Louie this is Dylan, we go way back.\" She looked back at Dylan smiling a little. \"Good to meet you Dylan.\" He shook her hand before pulling her into a tight hug wich surprised her but she hugged back anyway. \"Your the first person I've ever seen with bambina even though she's been here almost 6 months.\" He looked to Kasey. \"Is she why you moved out here in the first place?\" He raised an eyebrow slightly. \"I ask cause I remember you saying you were in search for something that had been long lost and you had to find it again.\" He winked at Kasey who blushed slightly and turned her face from Dylan who smiled and crossed her arms over her chest as she watched Kasey. \"Sooooooo how's about you let me make us some lunch now?\" She headed off toward the pantry and fridge on the other side of the kitchen causing both Dylan and Louie to laugh as they watch her go. Dylan went to go follow her but was stopped by a gentle hand on her shoulder, she turned back to look up at Louie. \"I might not have known her very long but I know that bambina has been hurt before, and that her heart still aches from last when it broke. Please little one take good of her eh?\" She nodded and he squeezed her shoulder lightly, smiling gently before walking out of the kitchen. Dylan turned back toward Kasey watching her as she finished off the noodle dough that Louie had left behind, forming it slowly by hand into thin fetachini noodles. She sighed to herself running her finger's through her hair 'I never meant to hurt you Kasey'. She thought to herself, walking next to the other girl and leaned against the counter. Again I'm sorry it took me so long to finish. Let me know what you think. If I get enough reviews letting me know that someone still reads this, I'll continue with it. -Ash[Chapter 3] Hey sorry it's taken so long for me to do the other part to this. I've been busy with classes since the end of the semester is coming but hopefully you'll still continue to read. Anyway here's the third part,hope you guys like it Kasey hummed to herself as she formed the pasta noodles with diligent accuracy, moving her hips a little to the music that only she could hear. Dylan couldn't help the small laugh that slipped from behind her hand. Kasey turned to look over her shoulder, raising her eyebrow a little as she continued to make the pasta noodles. \"Find something amusing?\" She asked pausing for effect before turning back to her noodles. \"I just didn't think you'd still have some of your little quirks that made me notice you in the first place.\" Dylan smiled softly to herself as she climbed onto the counter next to Kasey who threw some flour at her,bumping Dylan's knee with her elbow lightly smiling to herself just a little bit. \"What little quirks are you referring to?\" She cut off the rest off the noodles and putting them into the boiling water, dusting the flour off her hands before looking back at Dylan. \"When you hum to yourself and dance a little even though you hate it when you can't help but dance.\" They both laughed a little while Kasey walked closer to Dylan, moving just in front of her. \"I remember when we first started hanging out you always had your CD player attached to your hip, half the time the only response I could get outta you had to do with song lyrics. Gotta admit tho you could definitely sing.\" Without thinking about it she swung her legs forward and wrapped them around Kasey's waits, using them to pull her closer. Kasey was caught off guard a little and stubbed forward slightly using her arms to stop herself just before her face almost touched Dylan's. Her breath hitched as she noticed how close they actually were, she wanted to move back but couldn't seem to move. Dylan's eyes searched hers and as she did she found herself moving closer. \"Hey bambina you almost done with my kitchen?\" Louie yelled causing Kasey to fly back away from Dylan so hard she landed on her butt, sliding into view of Louie. She closed her eyes hard before clearing her throat and looking up at Louie with the biggest fake smile he had ever seen her display. \"Just finishing the noddles Lou than we'll be outta your way.\" He raised his eyebrow at her and she just shook her head a little, looking toward Dylan out of the corner of her eye who was still siting on the counter playing with the closest thing she had managed to find before Louie and noticed her. He laughed a deep hearty laugh before he walked back out of the kitchen into the bar area, yelling something in Italian to his wife. Kasey let out a long deep sigh before laying on the floor of the kitchen,putting her eyes over her face. \"Almost makes you feel like your in high school again huh?\" Dylan laughed a little, playing with the whisk. \"Yeah but he wasn't the principle and I'm not hiding in the bathroom stall praying she won't think to look inside of it.\" She shook her head standing up and dusting herself off. \"She only caught us once, some how your brother always managed to catch us tho.\" She regretted her words as soon as they had slipped past her lips. Kasey froze in the middle of the kitchen, visibly tensing at the word 'brother'. \"I-Im sorry Kase I didn't mean to...\" \"Ii-it's okay.\" She waved her hand in the air walking back to the noodles bulling them outta the water,mixing them with some sauce and walking outta the kitchen. \"Were done Louie.\" She yelled before the swinging doors closed. Dylan sighed before sliding off of the counter just as Louie came in. \"Wheres little bambina running off to?\" He carried in a tub of dirty dishes. \"I said the wrong thing...I didn't even think about it until after I had said it.\" She sighed again running her fingers through her hair. \"What could you have said that made her run off like she had set my kitchen a blaze?\" He set the dish tub next to Dylan. \"I brought up her brother.\" She whispered before looking at Louie. \"Brother? She has a brother?\" She couldn't help the low laugh that came out. \"Doesn't surprise me that she never brought him up.\" \"May I ask his name?\" Louie went to the dishes, watching Dylan as he did. \"Uh his name was Shamus.\" She whispered lowering her head. \"Biggest mistake of my life.\" Anyone see that coming? Haha I'll do more back story on that in the next part. Review PLEASE![Chapter 4] Sorry it's taken so long to this chapter up. Been busy with classes and figuring things out for the next semester. Anyway thank you to those have added this to their favorite stories, it means a lot to me. Thank you again and do enjoy. Kasey sighed heavily to herself as she set down the two plates of pasta. She hated her brother, regretted ever introducing them in fact granite they were bound to meet eventually though she never would have thought things would have ended up the way that they did. She ran her fingers through her hair slowly as she sat down, waiting for Dylan to join her. She realized she shouldn't have acted the way that she had but how was she supposed to help it? She had disowned that twit long ago, even before he had ended up in prison. She hated him for stealing her girl, hated him for being stupid enough to get to prison in the first place and in the process getting Helen sent into the witness protection program. It had taken Kasey years to find her again, years that could have been spent closer, being friends again and maybe even lovers. There was no way to know what could have been though and she needed to get over that. \"Hey.\" a soft almost whisper of a voice called behind her and the small tug at the corner of her lips couldn't seem to be helped. The way they had fallen so easily back into the smallest things affecting them again had surprised them both but Kasey had to stop the smile and put it away for now, force it not to be seen. \"Hey.\" She whispered back, turning sideways in her chair so to look up at Dylan who smiled a little in turn before she sat in Kasey's lap and slowly wrapped her arms around the taller girl's neck hugging her a little tightly. \"I'm so sorry.\" She whispered hugging a little tighter. Kasey in turn wrapped her arms around Dylan's waist. \"It's okay; I know you didn't mean to bring him up.\" Laying her head in the crook of Dylan's neck she took a deep breath. \"I just can't seem to help the fact that it still hurts ya know.\" She forced herself to laugh a little, the pain easily heard in her voice. \"I know.\" Dylan ran her fingers through her hair and kissed her forehead. \"If I could I'd go back and change it all. I never meant to hurt you.\" She pulled Kasey's head up so she could look in her eyes. \"You know that right?\" Kasey nodded a little before closing her eyes. \"Do you remember the first day we met?\" She asked in a low whisper, begging her voice not to crack as a small smile tugged at the corner of her lips. \"Of course, you were sitting in the back of study hall, nose buried in a book. You only glanced up from it for a few seconds when I came strolling in with only 10 minutes left.\" She smiled a little. \"The teacher told you to go wait in the hallway but that didn't work, you just propped your feet up on the desk next to you and started smoking.\" She shook her head. \"I knew you were bad news but there was something about you that caught my attention right away.\" \"I couldn't believe you read the whole class every day, I mean the class was an hour and a half and it seemed like you had a different book every time I looked at you.\" \"I like to read, always have, but you tended to be a distraction and my one to two books a day turned into one book every other week. Then after you talked to me the first time and we started hanging out I kinda just stopped reading for a while. It's hard to read when you were all I could ever seem to think of.\" She mumbled the last part, looking down at her plate. \"I'm sorry\" Dylan ran her fingers through Kasey's hair. \" I didn't mean to bring up your brother and I didn't mean to hurt you as bad as I did back then. I realize now that you were the one I should have picked but there was something about his bad boy act that just pulled me in. When I went into the WPP I tried to find you before I was shipped off but your mother said you had left for school and she didn't know where or what school.\" She lifted Kasey's chin so she could look into her eyes, they were red like she might cry but was trying so hard not to. \"Maybe we could start over?\" She whispered hopefully. Kasey chewed on her lip mulling it over before she nodded a little. \"Yeah I guess we can, I just hate that he never stopped he always took everything I cared for and I thought for once I wouldn't have to worry about that but I was wrong. What ever happened to my brother anyway?\" \"Last I heard he's still in prison but I wouldn't know I haven't kept track of him.\" \"Okay good to hear. Let's finish out meal and maybe go on a walk through the park so we can catch up?\" She leaned in a little not really noticing as she got lost in Dylan's eyes. She nodded a little, leaning in slowly too. Before they knew it their lips were connected and their eyes fluttered closed as their lips softly and slowly danced together. Again sorry for the delay, I'll try and update sooner but no promises. Hopped you liked it reviews/follows/favorites are greatly appreciated :) ","Summary":" \"Good morning angels\" The speaker box sounded in it's usual voice. \"Good morning Charlie.\" The "},{"Movie":"A Clockwork Orange","Title":"Real Horrorshow","Author":"Crutio","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10920046","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hi hi hi there! I don't own A Clockwork Orange, or any other characters mentioned other than Roxanne and other various OC's that my wonder into this story. Most chapters will be in Roxanne's POV, but if it's Alex's (or anyone else's) They'll be in italics. :) R&R; my lovelies! Things in the Korova milkbar were almost tranquil. Looking here to there one couldn't help noticing small details, these being the trends that gangs would wear. One in particular would constantly stick out to me, being as perceptive as I was. It was a young boy; whom which I would say was about eighteen, sporting the generic white droog uniform and black bowler hat. But this chelloveck wore fake eyelashes, with eyes as blue as a crystal clear lake. His eemya? Alex. \"Welly welly well\" Grub greeted unceremoniously as he lesurely walked towards the couch that my droogs and I had chosen to gather. Grub's eemya suited him, with dirty black hair that strung over his menacing eyes and filthy, grime-like chompers that sat uncomfortably inside of his filthy rot. \"Grub! Oh how pleasing to see you walsing into the Korova on a fine day like this, Pe and Em kick you out on your bullocks again?\" As soon as these words travelled out of my rot, a sea of heads turned toward our direction, baffled. \"Who let this devotchka out of her cage? She looks like she's only good for one thing! Make it worth my while, love, and I'll give you a pretty polly to get some of the ol' milk-plus\" Grub sneered his revolting rot towards thou, and I felt almost like a sea of sick was about to travel right on to the ol' chelloveck. \"The only thing I'd ever give you is a kick in the yarbles, if thou keep pestering this devotchka. Off with you, find yourself droogs.\" As I spoke stiffly and rose up to meet Grub's filthy mug, I noticed in my peripheral I had caught someone's attention, as the gorgeous chelloveck with the eemya of Alex looked towards me, wearing a dangerous smirk. My eyes flicker toward Alex; he notices and raises his own chashka of milk-plus. I decided to travel home, walking along the menacing streets full of ultra-violence as I pondered. Thoughts of Alex's devilish grin flicked through my gulliver, it fascinated me and I couldn't shake it off. It was challenging, and fascinating. As I get to my Pe and Em's apartment building I couldn't help but hear whistling, singing in the rain being its tune. It had a certain feel, a dangerous and chilling feel that even I, your faithful narrator, had chills.[Chapter 2] *Disclaimer: I do not own A Clockwork Orange or any characters other than Roxanne and some other OC's that may come along* Hello readers! Quick notes: After some nadsat words that I've used I've put a *, this is for the fact that these words aren't really used in the movie and more in the book, so to avoid confusion I'm leaving a footnote with the definitions, thanks for reading! Skolliwoll was a blur. Sitting in Mr. Bofski's class was as about as interesting as pulling out my eyelashes one by one. Sitting at my desk real tired like, as I, that is Roxanne, and my droogs were out causing a little of the ol' ultra-violence to the early hours of the morning. I was interrupted by my thoughts by a sarky dreary voice. \"Alex boy, you've decided to grace us with your presence! Sit down\" Mr. Bofski's voice was dripping with displeasure that even I knew who the malchick was speaking to. I open my glazzies to spot Alex walking toward my desk, wearing a somewhat pleased grin. Normally when encountering Alex DeLarge, all the malenky hairs would stand up on my plott. That menacing, evil look wasn't as prominent as it was when I'd viddy him in the Korova, or causing havoc throughout the streets. I kept my glazzies directly on the devotchka's back in front of me as I viddy Alex sit at the desk beside me. I feel a tap on my pletcho* and feel a great force hit the side of my gulliver and a familiar smeck* from behind me. Grub sat behind a devotchka with the eemya of Mary who had a scowl plastered across her ugly mug. \"Sod off, Grub! Find another devotchka to pester. Mary looks awfully eager to shlooshy* from you\" I averted my glazzies to Mary after finishing my sentence, giving her a sickly sweet wink before turning toward the front again. I shlooshied a scoff from behind me, the pleasant Mary must be having a right ball in between such... Positive banter. \"Read the paper, scoteena*\" Grub growls from behind. I roll my glazzies and skvat the paper off of the ground and lay the paper on my lap. It reads: 'Alex keeps movin his glazzies at u, wants the in-out haha'. I look at the paper with a look of disgust on my gulliver, turn back toward grub and stick the two fingers on my rooker at him, earning a snort and smeck from the unceremonious sod. \"Roxanne! Since you seem so interested in this subject, can you tell me what drove this famous historian to create such hateful crimes?\" Bollocks. \"Sir, I do believe my hearing is deceiving me, where we not just speaking about Rasputin? Shouldn't we be speaking more about the political corruption that haunts us today, rather than dwelling on these irrelevant things from our dark past?\" I had asked, voice seeping in sweetness. Silence. \"Since you're feeling so strongly, Roxanne, you may pay a visit to the principal's office, say Mr. Bofski sent you\" He dismissed, turning toward the board once again. The devotchka in front of me puts her head down and smots. I get up, a great big smile on my rot, picking up my books and 'accidently' knocking her right on the back of the gulliver with a loud 'thack!'. Smiling, I walked out of the classroom for a cancer*, cheered on by a classroom full of smots. *** The back of Skolliwoll was deserted and empty. As I hid on the inside of a malenky ol' pipe and pull out a cancer and match, someone gracefully slides next to me. \"Hi hi hi there, does this kind young devotchka care to share a cancer with little ol' Alex?\" Even if the malchik hadn't of said his eemya I would've known it, just by feeling his smooth but dangerous way of getting closer. I turned toward Alex, handing him a cancer whilst striking a match. The harsh wind flew through the tunnel as my hair whipped viciously against my face. With one hand covering the bright illuminated flame, I went in and lit my cancer only to shake my hand vigorously to reduce the glowing flame to a dark crisp. I leant over to Alex, joining the end of my cancer and O my friends, I met Alex's glazzies, and it was pure bliss. I marvelled at the beautiful blue hue that I was looking into, like a bottomless sea of pristine water, and looking into them felt like a giant tidal wave of cool water had hit me, making the hairs on the back of my neck stand up on end. Alex noticed my reaction; giving me a dangerous smirk and making the fire of mysteriousness in his glazzies really ignite. *Smeck: Laugh *Pletcho: Shoulder *Schlooshy: Hear from *Scoteena: \"Cow\" *Cancer: Cigarette ","Summary":" Hi hi hi there! I don't own A Clockwork Orange, or any other characters mentioned other than Roxann"},{"Movie":"A Clockwork Orange","Title":"A Clockwork Carol","Author":"TheLovelyJudy","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9863362","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A Clockwork Carol \"Oy, wake up pretty boy. I ain't got all day, jeez. Alex, Alex wake up!\" and wake up I did, oh my brothers and malenky sisters, the lights above me were blinding bright and I groaned loudly. My gulliver was like throbbing with pain-sickness. And it twas Pete-y Boy next to me, I almost screamed but he put his rooker over my mouth and hush-hushed your humble narrator. I am not and never have been like poogly of malenky Pete but you viddy, during my second year at the staja they told me that he'd like died in an auto crash. I wasn't particularly saddened by it. Excuse me, if I panic upon seeing the face of my old dead droog staring down at me especially after the horrors I've been through already. \"Calm down, I ain't gonna hurt you. And I don't want to be here anymore than you do but this has gotta be done and I'm the unlucky chap who has the rabbit of making sure everything goes according to plan. Now pay attention. You're going to be visited by three ghosts, the ghosts of your past, present, and future. Take their lessons to heart, listen carefully to their words, and yada-yada-yada. Look, it's for your own good, now I gotta go. Expect the first phantom at the strike of one.\" After his speech he walked away, and I laid there on the bed not knowing what to do or think. I called out but nobody came, so I just sat for a while. I viddied at the tick tock clock upon the wall, 12:38; I crossed one leg over the other. I'd jumped out of a window, oh my brothers, how was it I was completely healed? This didn't make any sense. But I was perfectly fine, physically, it appeared. I carefully stood up, and without any pain whatsoever started walking around my hospital room. Hell fucking yeah I wondered if there were any pretty nurses around here for me to ravage. \" 'ello darling, why don't you sit on your favorite patient's lap like a good little devotchka right right?\" 12:46 But as I walked it appeared that this hospital had been deserted, no other patients and no doctors were to be found. It was starting to weird me out if I can be perfectly honest with you, oh my brothers. 12:58 I looked at the clock again, it was almost time. I leaned against the wall, my rassodock racing and my heart thudding against my chest. 1:03 I sighed, I knew it was just in my head there's no such th— BOOM CRASH BANG! What in the name of Bog? \"Ow sorry, sorry. I'm still trying to get that whole transporting from different realms thing down. I am the ghost of your past, Alex Delarge, take my hand and come with me. No seriously, like right now. We're on a schedule.\" The ghost looks vaguely familiar to me but I can't place her face, not a lover and not someone I've seen on a day to day basis either. I take hold of her hand as the ground shakes beneath our feet but for some strange reason I am not afraid. I am only curious as to what's to come. \"Hold on tight, this is gonna be a bumpy ride\" Not even a moment passes before we're suddenly...Bog, how do I even explain it? It's sort of like we were being sucked through a vaccum you viddy? Everything was real blurry and bright and it was hard to breathe or creech out. It wasn't painful just odd feeling, not very pleasant and when it all stopped I suffered from vertigo for a few minutes. \"It's alright now, congratulations you're the first person I've done that with who hasn't thrown up\" the woman govoreets jovially, slapping me on the back as if I'm her old chum or something. She's not a young pretty thing, I do not want to give her the old in-out-in-out my brothers. Not at all. I viddy all around me, this place...it's familiar. \"Where are we, darling?\" I asked her. \"Don't you recognize it? Look closely\" my family's old house, before my pee lost his job at the factory when I was ten and we moved...\"Oh, this place.\" I said, \"Why are we here?\" she rolled her glazzies at me, and I had to control myself from slapping the baboochka across her litso for it. I realized, oh my brothers, that I was in an odd situation and this frail looking soomka was not what she appeared. I had a nice childhood, dear readers, my em was a dotting and loving soomka and my father friendly and warm. That's why everyone is always like so confused, you viddy, when you turn out so rotten and mean. \"Look through the window, go on this is the past nobody else can see or hear you\" she told me. I walked up to the living room window and peered in. There he was, or there I was I suppose. My hair was a dirty blonde back then, always in my malenky face. I was a handsome little tyke, that's what everyone always told my prideful em. \"Alex, baby, come sit with mama\" that was my dear old em, not so old here. I'd forgotten how pretty my mother was when she was younger. Her lucious glory was not a strange crazy colorful wig, but chestnut curls that stopped at her shoulders. For some strange reason, oh my brothers, seeing her so...young made my throat feel tight. She was just so old now, you viddy. When was the last time I told her I loved her? Not just a leaving the house and quickly say it kind of way, when was the last time I said it to her sincerely? \"Look at the calender Alex, today is not a good day is it?\" I didn't listen to the ghost-soomka, I knew already. My pee walked through the door, not a very handsome chelloveck but much more hair on his head. \"Hello little Alex\" he greeted, and little Alex ran straight to him. \"Up Daddy, I wanna go up!\" the man at the doorway lifts the tiny boy up and blows raspberries on his chubby cheek. We really were a sladky little family weren't we, oh my brothers? That's when the telly-telephone rang and my em answered it. \"Yes...of course, Phillip darling it's Eddie from the factory\" my pee put the little and innocent version of your humble narrator down and went to answer it while em swooped in to play with her son. \"But sir...I can't afford a new j-job right now and we're al-already short on money at the moment, I'll work for half price please sir please reconsider\" my father was stammering into the phone a few minutes later, my em put me down and went to him with concern on her once quite pretty litso. I suppose you could say I got these dashing looks from my dear em. \"Do you remember what happened after this night?\" ghost-soomka asked. \"of course, how could I forget? my dumb old pee looked and looked round for a job, em sat by and boo-hooed and I was dragged from office to office because they couldnt afford to keep me in school or a babysitter. We had to stay with my grand-em for a few weeks, I was homeschooled by P.R. Deltoid and eventually dad found a job at another factory and we moved to the flatblock marina. I was eleven years old.\" I replied while she listened, nodding every now and then. \"It's interesting to me Alex that you call your father dumb. Apparently, you thought the world of him when you were a child. And it's obvious that he loved you with all his heart.\" I ignored her, \"I'm bored of this place or memory whatever you want to call it.\" I govoreet instead. ||TBC|| Please Review[Chapter 2] A Clockwork Carol Summary: During Alex's coma in the hospital he receives a visit from three ghosts. Genre: Humor, Parody. There will be some serious parts as well but it's mostly humor. Merry early Christmas :D The colors rush by us, bright and bold and shimmering against my flesh. And then we like stop, real abrupt my brothers and only friends as the colors part like the red sea to reveal her . My first instinct was to go to her, to wrap her up and kiss her sladky rot and—no. This was the past, was it not? She couldn't see me. \"What was her name, Alex?\" the spirit asks me, \"Rachel. She was…nobody just a devotchka I dated for a few years. She died, that's that. Let's move on then, eh?\" the spirit put her fingers on my shoulder to keep me from walking away. \"What would she think, if she knew the kind of person you've turned into today?\" my head snaps to look at her with fire in my glazzies and blades in my goloss. \"She's dead, you blasted soomka. It doesn't matter, me being a like sladky dobby malchick isn't going to bring her back or turn back time so I can tell her—\" I cut myself off, turning instead to look at Rachel. She's in her bedroom, finishing up her eyeliner and the doorbell ringy-ring-rings which makes her bounce around the room like an excited puppy dog and yell down to her em \"Can you get that mum? Tell him I'll be down in a minute\" and I remember oh my brothers that this night was our one year anniversary date. The spirit puts her arm around me, \"She was beautiful Alex. She loved you, very much you do know that don't you?\" yes of course I knew that; she told me every single day. \"We got in a like britva two weeks after our first year anniversary, you viddy…I govoreeted such nasty wicked things to her and then she was gone and I never…got a chance to give her my like sincerest appy-polly-loggies. She was beautiful, and sweet. She was the sweetest devotchka I've ever known\" I watch as past-Alex swings her around like a lubilubbing good beau would, I watch as past-Alex dips her and kisses her real sladky and deep on the rot. I watch as he flawlessly charms her parents, I watch as they walk out the door. The colors are dancing again, and we are at my apartment in the lobby. She is wearing a floral print tank top and demin shorts, I recognize that outfit and I remember what happened here oh my only friends. \"I don't want to see this\" I hiss through my clenched zoobies. \" I don't fucking love you, you stupid little bitch. I NEVER loved you, I was just using you darling. You are nothing to me, I fucking hate you. I hate the way you can't keep your sodding rot shut for more than five seconds, I hate your cally taste in warblers, I hate the way you dress, I hate the way you cook, I hate everything about you\" The silence that followed that rant, my brothers, has stayed in my rassodock forever. There wasn't any anger or ultraviolence in her glazzies; no desire to rip me apart piece by piece. I wish there had been; her anger and hatred would have been much better than what I really saw. She was hurt. Normally people's hurt brought me pleasure but hers only made my stomach twist and knot. Her eyes filled up with tears and I remember wanting to reach out to her to tell I was sorry, I didn't meant any of it but I was a gloopy stubborn nadsat chelloveck and I kept my mouth shut. \"So how much of that was true?\" the spirit-dama asks me, I roll my glazzies because she already knows the fucking answer. \"None of it\" I govoreet sharply, \"She's dead now. So just drop it\" Please Review ","Summary":" A Clockwork Carol \"Oy, wake up pretty boy. I ain't got all day, jeez. Alex, Alex wake up!\" and wa"},{"Movie":"A Clockwork Orange","Title":"The Testimony","Author":"annieofalderaan","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9665553","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \" Her name is Natasha,\" one policeman said to another officer. They had picked up a young girl off the streets. Her hair was dyed jet black, and cut short, so it came down to her chin. She wore all white, and boots the same color as her hair. \" And did she know him?\" the other asked. \" Yes, very well.\" He turned to the girl. \"Miss Natasha, would you mind telling us a bit about this Alex? How you came to know him, perhaps?\" I had been lurking around with Billyboy and his four droogs after school for about a month now. Billyboy was my \"boyfriend,\" but my em and pee disapproved of him. They skazatted I see the chelloveck in the flat upstairs; his em had said he went out helping people at nochy. The chelloveck was Alex Burgess—that was his eemya legally, but we all called him DeLarge. He went to school with me, and when he asked me to one of those gloopy dances, I accepted. Alex was really no better than Billyboy. He had three droogs of his own, and on the night of the dance he stole an auto and we rode off. He yeckated straight on past the skolliwoll. I didn't know where he wanted to go, and I didn't ask. The auto stopped in a dark back road. He turned to me and he said, \"My em tells me you're a singer.\" \"Yes,\" I said, all shy-like. \"I used to sing before we moved.\" \"Sing a warble for me, little sister.\" I did. I decided on my favorite aria, O mio babbino caro by the great Puccini. He sat in silence—didn't say a slovo until I was finished. \"Beautiful. Will you sing some more for me?\" he asked. I started to name arias and gloopy warbles, but he pulled me from the auto and into one of the alleyways. \"Sing, like real quiet so nobody but I can slooshy this beauty,\" he said. Em and Pee had taken me to see a show when I was but a malenky devotchka, called The Phantom of the Opera , where a veck in a maskie fell in love with a beautiful singer. I remembered one of the warbles and the words came out real quick. But as I sang, Alex started putting his hands all over my plott. \"Lovely,\" he whispered. And suddenly he was kissing my neck. I stopped singing—I barely knew him! There I was, a practically strange veck I didn't viddy very much, kissing me in an alley. I pushed him back, but soon he brosayed me down on the ground, real savage, pinning my malenky plott down with his fisties on either side of my gulliver. \"I can't sing like this ,\" I sneered. \"Don't govoreet, sister,\" he replied, his goobers moving all up and down my shiya. \"Let Uncle Alex take you to a fantasy world, like nothing you've ever sneetied before.\" He fiddled with the buttons on my blouse, and even though I wanted to tell him to stop, I let him get on with what he wanted to do. I thought that if I said something, he wouldn't like me anymore. I felt his pan-handle up against my sharp parts, and I knew what he would do next. It wasn't long before we were lubbilubbing, right there on the ground. He tolchoked me a few times throughout, but it felt real horroshow to have a new chelloveck on me. When it was all over, Alex sobirated me so we were standing again. He looked at me, his blue glazzies twinkling in the moonlight, and I kissed him like I meant it. He tolchoked me back down to the ground. \"Don't be bezoomy, love! That was just the old in-out, in-out, nothing more.\" \"Billyboy always meant it.\" His glazz-brows raised in surprise. \"Well! In that case, I mean it more than anything.\" \" Was this…Billyboy a rival to Alex?\" the first officer asked. \" Yes, sir. They were always dratting.\" The first officer looked at the second in confusion. \"It means 'fighting,'\" the second man said. \"Teenage slang.\" The main police officer was an older man. He didn't know much of Nadsat. The second man was much younger, so he understood what Natasha told him. The young man looked her in the eye. \"So what you're saying is, Alex sexually harassed you when you thought he was taking you to a school dance?\" \" I didn't think it was considered harassment,\" Natasha said, \"if the victim liked it.\"[Chapter 2] When Alex got locked up for killing the Cat-Lady, I sent him letters. He wrote back when he could, and he said it made all the other plennies jealous that he got mail from a devotchka. I viddied the news, all worried-like, whenever they mentioned him. My poor, dear Alex, in jail for a murder his vicious droogs made him commit! \" That will be enough,\" said the older officer. He tapped his companion on the shoulder and said softly, \"It seems we have a sympathizer on our hands.\" \" Natasha,\" the younger man called out. \"We have all we need from you, you're free to go.\" An officer escorted her home. I didn't viddy much of Alex when he got out of prison. It wasn't until a few years later that I finally ran into him. I had been walking down the street on a rainy London day when I saw his familiar litso. \"Alex?\" I murmured, like in a dream. It took him a while to recognize me. \"Natasha?\" I ran over to him, and after a few seconds of a happy reunion, said, \"Why don't we itty over to one of the old spots? Maybe the Korova?\" \"No, no,\" he said. \"I'm done with Milk-Plus. Would you like to come back to my flat? We have catching-up to do, my darling!\" He gave me one of those typical \"Alex\" smiles. We went back to his apartment, where he lived all by himself, and govoreeted for a while. I realized that he didn't use any Nadsat, so I tried not to, either. \"I stopped with the ultraviolence,\" he said, staring at the floor as we sat on the settee in his living room. \"I'm trying to find work now, but it's hard with a criminal record like mine.\" \"I thought we had fun,\" I replied. \"Fun? All that violence, the raping and killing, you thought it was fun?\" He raised his voice. It was clear I angered him. \"I guess it was just a teenage phase.\" \"It makes me sick just thinking about it.\" Soon, our reunion came to a bittersweet ending. And I was left to ponder what to do with my life. I had fallen in love with Alex all those years ago, but I knew he wouldn't want me now. After I had returned to my own flat, I found my old \"sharp-droog\" clothes, as I had called them, and threw them into the depths of my closet. If Alex could turn his life around, so could I. ","Summary":" \" Her name is Natasha,\" one policeman said to another officer. They had picked up a young girl of"},{"Movie":"Annie","Title":"Becoming A Family","Author":"EvieRuby09121994","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12809594","Passage":"[Chapter 1] So I am likely writing this for myself since it has been years since the film came out but I found this old story idea and decided to write and upload it. If anyone does read this please review and let me know what you think. I do not own any characters from Annie (1982). Oliver, Grace and Annie stood watching the fireworks during the party they were having for the 4th of July and for Annie's adoption. The trio smiled at the beautiful display going off over the house. There they remained until the last firework went off. Oliver kept his arm around Grace as the couple watched Annie run off towards her friends from the orphanage, Sandy faithfully following at her side. It had been a few days since Annie's kidnap and the incident on the bridge but both Grace and Oliver still kept a close eye on Annie. Each of them worried about her. Grace had even started looking in on the ten year old during the night to reassure herself that Annie was indeed with them and safe. After watching the ten year old red head for a few minutes Oliver turned to look at Grace. \"Can I talk to you for a second?\" The billionaire asked his secretary/girlfriend. Grace immediately nodded to him, allowing him to take her hand and lead her away from the crowd. Oliver knew they wouldn't have complete privacy but he at least wanted a little privacy for what he was about to ask Grace. He just hoped he wasn't misreading this and she would give the answer he hoped she would. The pair stood gazing into each others eyes for a few minutes and Grace could see the love, worry and slight fear in his eyes. A sight that only made her worry about him. She had no idea what he could possibly want to talk to her about that would cause these types of emotions. \"Oliver? Are you alright?\" She asked, the sound of her voice snapping the billionaire out of his thoughts. \"Yes. Grace, when you entered my life eight years ago I knew you would be important in my life.\" Oliver began to say, gently taking Grace's hands in his own. \"At the time I thought it was just because you were such an efficient secretary and a dedicated employee. But over time I realized that it wasn't because of any of that, it was because I had fallen in love with you.\" He said. Listening to Oliver's words had Grace tearing up. She had no idea he felt so strongly about her but before she could speak Oliver continued. \"I hid my feeling because I never thought that someone as young and beautiful as you could ever return my affections.\" Grace couldn't wipe the large smile off her face of she tried. She was beyond happy at the honest, love filled words coming from the man in front of her. But it seemed he wasn't done yet. \"But when you argued with me about keeping Annie I realized just how much my feelings for you have grown. There will never be anyone else for me, Grace. I love you with all of my heart.\" He said, before getting down on one knee. Grace gasped as he reached into his jacket pocket and pulled out a beautiful engagement ring. It was a simple, thin gold band with a princess cut sapphire in the centre, two smaller princess cut diamonds set each side of the sapphire. The ring was simple yet beautiful in Grace's eyes. \"Grace Elizabeth Farrell, would you do me the honour of becoming my wife?\" Oliver asked. With tears in her eyes Grace nodded. \"Yes. I would love to marry you.\" She whispered to the billionaire. She watched as Oliver smiled broadly at her before he carefully slipped the ring onto her finger. Standing up Oliver felt Grace press her lips against his, kissing him passionately, an action he readily accepted and responded to. As they broke their kiss, only when air became a necessity, Oliver wrapped his arms around his fiancee and pulled her close to him. Both of them unaware of the press taking photo's of their private moment. They stood there in each others embrace for a few minutes before their bubble was burst by an energetic red head. \"Daddy Warbucks!\" Annie shouted as she ran at the couple, Oliver quickly kneeling down to scoop up his daughter. \"Did you ask her? What did she say?\" She rambled off her questions causing a smile to pass over the billionaire's face as he looked at Grace over the top of Annie's head. Standing up and holding Annie Oliver whispered into the red heads ear. \"Why don't you ask Grace yourself?\" He suggested. Annie immediately turned her head to look at Grace, who smiled at the ten year old. \"Did Daddy Warbucks ask you? What did you say? Will we be a proper family now?\" Annie asked Grace. \"Yes, he asked me to marry him and I said yes.\" Grace stated, holding her hand out so that Annie could see the ring. The red head immediately looked down at the ring and smiled. It was a smile that warmed both Grace and Oliver's hearts, they could clearly see she was happy about this. \"And yes, Annie. We will now be a proper family. If you are okay with that.\" She said. \"I'm fine with it!\" Annie exclaimed. With a smile on her face Grace carefully took Annie from her fiancee and hugged her tightly. \"I'm glad you're okay with this. I love you Annie.\" She said to the ten year old. \"I love you too, mom.\" The red head said, causing a few tears to slip down Grace's cheeks. She couldn't believe what Annie had just called her. Grace looked at Oliver with a beaming smile, love and happiness seemed to be radiating off of the woman. The billionaire, Oliver Warbucks, stood there for a few seconds watching his girls before wrapping his arms around them both tightly. \"I love you both and I promise I won't ever let anything happen to either of you.\" He stated, knowing that Grace had been checking on Annie for fear that she was in danger again. He has never broken a promise he has made to Grace and there was no way he would start now, especially when it came to his girls safety. But as he looked at his girls he knew one thing for sure… he couldn't ever be without them now that he had them in his life. Author's Note: So for now this is a short one shot, but it may turn into a full story. I am undecided yet. If anyone reads this please review and let me know what you think x[Chapter 2] I honestly thought I would be writing this for myself to thank you to Annie1999fan and getsmart86 for reviewing on this story and letting me know what you think x Early the next morning the house was quiet. Oliver Warbucks and Grace Farrell were still in their beds sleeping. Annie however was wide awake sat up in bed with Sandy sat next to her. She had been awake for over an hour and was growing restless but while she was happy she now had a family she wasn't sure how they would feel about her disturbing their sleep. But the more she sat there the more she thought about her nightmare that had woken her up. Slowly she climbed out of her bed and walked out of her room and across the hall. She knew Grace had told her she could come into her room/suite whenever she needed to but she also knew it was early and Grace would be asleep. With Sandy by her side Annie slowly opened the door to Grace's suite, silently closing the door behind her, before walking through the living area and into the bedroom. As the red head looked at her mom asleep she began second guessing her decision. As Annie stood there second guessing herself Grace began to stir, having the feeling she was being watched. She had always been a light sleeper, even more so since Annie had come to live with them. Opening her eyes Grace sat up in her bed, her sleepy eyes immediately landing on her adopted daughter. \"Annie? Are you okay?\" The brunette woman asked. As she fully woke up she noticed the tear tracks on Annie's freckled cheeks. \"What's wrong, Annie?\" She asked immediately climbing out of bed and walking towards the ten year old. Annie looked at her mom as the woman crouched down in front of her. \"I had a bad dream.\" The red head stated, her eyes filling with tears. Grace immediately wrapped her arms around the ten year old. She knew straight away that Annie had a nightmare about the night she was kidnapped and was on the bridge, she'd had various nightmares about it herself. She couldn't imagine how scared the ten year old must be to have to relive that, it scared her to relive it and she was an adult. Carefully Grace lifted her daughter into her arms. The woman could feel tears gathering in her own eyes at the young girls distress. Slowly she walked over to the window seat in her bedroom, sitting down with her back to the wall and sitting Annie on her lap. Grace couldn't help but smile slightly as she felt Annie tuck her head under her chin and lean into her embrace. \"It's okay. You're safe now.\" Grace whispered to her daughter, sending a small smile down to Sandy who was laid on the floor beside the window seat. She continued to comfort the girl until she felt Annie's breathing even out, indicating she had fallen back to sleep once more. Only when Grace was sure that Annie was asleep did she finally let a few of her own tears fall. The woman and new mother cried out her own emotions gently, so she didn't wake up her little girl. She knew what had happened would affect all of them but she had hoped it wouldn't affect Annie as badly as it seemed to. This was the first nightmare she knew of Annie having but that didn't mean she hadn't been having them. The thought of what happened to Annie and the effect it was having on the ten year old never failed to break her heart. Eventually Grace fell back to sleep, holding Annie tightly. When Oliver awoke he immediately dressed and headed down to breakfast, as usual. What surprised him however was that when he walked into the dining room his girls weren't there. In the eight years Grace had been working for him she was always awake before him and greeted him at breakfast, a habit that for the past week had also included Annie. Feeling both confused and concerned he headed into the hallway where he saw Punjab. \"Punjab, do you know where Grace and Annie are?\" He asked the ever present security guard. \"Miss Farrell and Annie are in Miss Farrell's suite, Sahib.\" Punjab responded. Without a second thought Oliver headed in the direction of his fiancee's suite, his concern for his girls becoming too powerful to ignore at that moment. Once he reached the familiar door he knocked quite loud, giving them time to hear him and answer. When no answer came he knocked again, something he repeated three more times. After this he opened the door and let himself into the suite. Glancing around the living area he noticed it was empty so the billionaire headed towards the bedroom. Standing in the bedroom doorway his eyes scanned the room. Almost instantly his eyes landed on his girls, cuddled up asleep on the window seat. But even from across the room he could make out their tear stained faces and troubled facial expressions. Slowly and quietly, so he didn't wake them, Oliver walked towards the sleeping duo. He watched them for a few seconds before he turned the bed down. After he walked back to Annie and Grace he carefully lifted Annie out of Grace's arms and into his own, taking his time so he didn't wake up either one of them. Once Annie was laid in the bed he gently kissed her forehead and turned to his fiancee. With a sad smile he carefully lifted her from the window seat and laid her next to their sleeping daughter, his smile widening a little as he watched Grace automatically roll towards Annie and drape an arm protectively over their ten year old girl. He them silently signalled for Sandy to jump on the bed with them, knowing neither one would care. Oliver scratched behind Sandy's ears for a few seconds. \"Keep an eye on them Sandy.\" He whispered to the dog. He watched a little shocked as Sandy moved to lay next to Grace's legs, at the end of Annie's feet. Noticing it was 6:30 Oliver smiled at his girls once more before heading down to his office, hoping that whatever had bothered Grace and Annie wasn't anything severe and they could get some more sleep. Author's Note: Hope you guys like this chapter. Please review and let me know what you think x[Chapter 3] Again I would like to thank getsmart86 and annabell39645 for reviewing the previous chapter x When Grace awoke again she groaned as the sunlight hit her face. She realized immediately she was still holding Annie but she noticed they were no longer sat at the window. Carefully, so she didn't wake the young red head, she sat up in her bed and immediately noticed the time. She couldn't believe it was almost 11am. She hadn't slept in this long since she was a child. Slowly so she didn't wake up Annie just yet she climbed out of bed, figuring she would get ready before waking the red head up. After a quick shower Grace dressed in a pale pink dress and matching shoes before walking back into her bedroom. She had planned to put her hair up in case she needed to work but as she entered her bedroom she noticed Annie was tossing and turning in the bed, clearly having another nightmare. Without a second thought Grace rushed over to her daughter, placing a hand gently on the ten year olds shoulder as she sat on the edge of the bed. \"Annie.\" Grace called out to her, shaking her gently. \"It's just a bad dream. You're safe. Wake up.\" Startling the woman a little Annie bolted up as she woke from her nightmare. As the young red head looked around she noticed her mom sat next to her and literally threw herself at the woman, tears starting to fall down her cheeks. \"You're okay, darling.\" Grace whispered comfortingly. \"Do you want to talk about them? It might help.\" She suggested. She had no idea how to help Annie since she didn't know what exactly she was having nightmares about. \"The Mudge's took me again and you and Daddy Warbucks didn't come and save me.\" Annie explained quietly as her tears started to stop. \"I was stuck with Miss Hannigan again. She kept telling me that you and Daddy Warbucks don't love me.\" The ten year old said. Annie tightened her hold on Grace almost as if she was scared the woman would disappear if she let go. Grace couldn't stop the small gasp that escaped her lips, nor could she stop herself from tearing up at Annie's words. Slowly the woman moved Annie so the young girl was looking at her face. \"Listen to me, Annie.\" She stated. Grace couldn't believe the pain and hurt this adorable, caring little girl had been through in ten short years. \"Me and Daddy Warbucks aren't going to let anything happen to you again. You're our little girl. We will always be there for you, okay?\" She questioned. Annie could easily hear the truth in her mom's words. But she could also hear the emotion in Grace's voice and see the tears building in the woman's eyes. She quickly hugged the woman holding and comforting her. \"Oh Annie, we love you with all our hearts. Never, ever, forget that.\" Grace said, kissing Annie's head as she did so. \"I love you mom.\" Annie whispered. She knew that Grace wasn't technically her mom until she was married but she didn't care about that. The woman was her mom no matter what. With a small smile Grace willed her tears not to fall. She didn't want Annie to see her crying. Clearing her throat the woman kissed the top of Annie's head once more. \"Why don't you go get dressed sweetie and I'll see if your Daddy is up for an early lunch since we both missed breakfast.\" Grace said. She smiled as Annie rushed out of the room before she stood and headed towards Oliver's office. Quietly she opened the familiar door, spotting Oliver listening intently to whoever was on the telephone. As she entered the room and closed the door her fiancee spoke. \"I don't care how you do it, but sort this. I will not have my family hurt because of your incompetence.\" Oliver snapped before hanging up the phone. With a sigh he looked up, immediately becoming comcerned when he saw his fiancee close to tears. \"Grace? What's wrong?\" He asked. The billionaire was instantly by his fiancee's side, guiding her to the couch in his office. Grace told him of Annie coming into her room crying last night. She then went on to explain what Annie's nightmares had been about, finally allowing her tears to fall as she did so. \"I don't know how to help her get through this Oliver.\" Grace admitted to him. \"We just keep an eye on her, Grace.\" Oliver stated, wrapping his his arms around his fiancee a little tighter. \"Comfort her when she needs it and let her know how much we love her.\" He said and Grace nodded to him. She wiped the tears from her face in case Annie came in. She knew Oliver was right about Annie, all they could do was be there for her. She just hoped it was enough. It was then that she remembered the heated conversation Oliver had been having when she entered the office. \"What had you so mad when I came in?\" She asked. She immediately saw Oliver's face harden. She knew he was about to try and get out of telling her what was going on but there was no way she would let that happen. \"Don't try and get out of this Oliver. What's happened?\" She snapped at him. She wouldn't allow him to keep this from her when she could tell that it was bothering him. As Oliver sighed Grace knew it was going to be bad news. But she wasn't expecting what he told her next. \"It was the police. It seems that Rooster Hannigan escaped their custody last night and they have no idea where he could he hiding.\" Grace could contain her gasp of shock and fear as she heard this. \"They rang me to inform me in case he came after Annie again.\" Grace could see her own fear reflected in Oliver's eyes and she was beyond worried about what this would mean for Annie. She was already having nightmares, this would only make things worse for the ten year old. Author's Note: Hope you guys like this chapter. Please review and let me know what you think x[Chapter 4] Thank you to annabell39645 and readingwizard96 for reviewing the previous chapter x Grace didn't have a chance to respond as they heard Annie running towards the office. The woman wiped her eyes to hide the fact she had been crying, moving her hands away from her face just as an energetic red head burst into the room. \"Daddy Warbucks! Are you having lunch with us?\" Annie exclaimed as she jumped onto her parent's laps. Oliver turned to look at his fiancee with a confused expression. Chuckling Grace suddenly realized she had forgotten the entire reason she had come to see Oliver in the first place. \"I told Annie I would see if you wanted to have an early lunch with us. We missed breakfast since we slept in.\" She explained with a small smile. But the smile didn't reach her eyes as their previous conversations was at the front of her mind. \"So, are you?\" The red head pleaded. She watched as the billionaire seemed to think about it for a moment. \"Please Daddy Warbucks\" With a smile he wrapped an arm around each of his girls. \"How could I refuse a lunch invitation from two beautiful girls.\" He said. Annie chuckled as another small smile spread across Grace's face, this one slightly more genuine then the previous one. \"Let's go get something to eat.\" He stated. After helping Annie up off his lap, so she didn't fall, Oliver stood and offered his hand to help up Grace. The trio headed into the dining room, walking hand in hand. Once they were seated their lunch was brought out to them and they made small talk through out, enjoying their time as a family. They talked about various things including Annie asking lots of questions about the wedding. \"Come on mom! You must have thought about something!?\" The ten year old exclaimed. Her mom was the most organized person she knew so she knew her mom must have some idea of how the wedding would be. Seeing Grace turn towards him Oliver reached for her hand. \"Grace, plan whatever kind of wedding you have always dreamed of.\" He stated. Noticing her slightly shocked expression he couldn't help but smile a little. \"Don't spare any expense. Plan the day of your dreams.\" The billionaire told his fiancee before reaching for his coffee. Smiling Grace turned back to her daughter. Obviously she has had thoughts about her dream wedding but she wasn't about to share those thoughts with Annie without checking that Oliver was okay with them first. Obviously he had just given her free reign of the day but she couldn't plan it all herself. She wanted his input in the day too. \"What do you want to do today Annie?\" Grace asked wanting to change the topic if conversation for a little bit. \"Can I go and see Molly!?\" The red head asked excitedly. The girls from the orphanage had gone back after Annie's party the night before but after the news Oliver had gotten that morning Grace shared a worried look with him. Neither were completely comfortable with Annie being that far away from the mansion but Grace soon realized a better solution. \"Why don't I go and pick up Molly and bring her back here? That way I can check on the other girls as well and you can show Molly your room.\" She suggested. Annie immediately nodded and Grace stood to go and get the young girl from the orphanage. She wasn't looking forward to seeing Miss Hannigan again after what had happened but she wouldn't be there for long. She was about to leave when she felt Oliver's hand wrap gently around her wrist. Turning she found him looking at her with concern in his eyes. \"Take Punjab with you, please.\" He said. With a smile Grace nodded and kissed the billionaire gently before leaving to go and collect Molly. She knew Oliver was being cautious and protective but she also knew that Rooster would be stupid enough to try anything this quickly after escaping custody. Still she humored Oliver and had Punjab drive her there to collect the six year old girl. Author's Note: I hope you guys liked this chapter. Please review and let me know what you think x[Chapter 5] Thank you to cobwebsophie for reviewing the previous chapter x It didn't take long for Grace to locate Punjab and be on her was to Hudson Street Orphanage. As she sat in the back of the car she couldn't help but think of the last time she had taken this same route, only a week previous. She had been on her way to pick an orphan to spend a week at the house. Back then she had no idea just how much of an impact the girl she chose would have on their lives. A smile crossed her face as she thought of how much Annie had changed not only herself but Oliver and the staff as well. Until Annie came to stay she had never seen the softer side of Oliver, she had never seen him care about anything other then money, power and capitalism. But Annie had opened his heart and she had the billionaire wrapped around her little finger. Even before Oliver admitted he cared for the ten year old he would give her anything she wanted. Grace then began to think about how much Annie had changed her life since arriving at the house. She was a mother now, something she had always wanted but had feared would never happen. Now she had a ten year old daughter and was engaged to the man of her dreams, Oliver Warbucks. She became so lost in her thoughts she failed to notice the car pull to a stop outside the orphanage, until Punjab opened the door and cleared his throat. A little started Grace turned to face her fiancee's body guard, a gentle smile on her face. Taking his offered hand she climbed out of the car and walked to the doors of the orphanage, pressing the doorbell as she did so. Unlike last time however she didn't hear Miss Hannigan shouting. This time she opened the door with a fake smile on her face. A smile however that faded when she noticed Grace and Punjab stood there. The woman gestured for the air to come in and Grace immediately entered, a smile coming to her face as Annie's friend Tessie ran up to her. \"Miss Farrell! Miss Farrell!\" She shouted coming to a stop next to her. \"Can you tell Annie I have a mom and dad now!?\" The young girl asked excitedly. Grace couldn't help but smile down at the young girl. \"Of course I will sweetheart.\" She said. She watched as the eleven year old ran back to the older couple she assumed was adopting her. Grace was doing her best to ignore Miss Hannigan for the time being, far too mad at what the woman had tried to do to Annie and mad that the woman's brother had somehow gotten away from the police. What shocked Grace was when the couple who were adopting Tessie walked over to her. \"Are you the lady who has adopted Annie?\" The woman asked. Grace immediately nodded, not really wanting to explain that Oliver had in fact adopted her and that Annie wasn't her daughter yet. \"I was trying to get your address from Miss Hannigan but she refused to give it our, claiming she didn't know it. I would love for the girls to stay in touch.\" The woman explained. \"Of course. I'm sure Annie would love that.\" Grace stated, knowing that while Annie was the closest to Molly she cared for all the girls. Reaching into her bag she pulled out a pen and piece of paper before quickly writing down the address and telephone number of the house. She them handed the paper to the couple, who took it with a smile. \"Feel free to write or call whenever you like. I'm sure Annie would love to hear from Tessie once she is settled in.\" The couple said goodbye to Grace and she watched them walk out the doors with an excited Tessie before she turned to Miss Hannigan. \"I'd like to see Molly. I will be taking her to the house to spend some time with Annie and possibly stay the night.\" Grace stated. Miss Hannigan however didn't like that idea one bit. \"No. I don't see why another one of these brats should get to spend time living the lap of luxury.\" She snapped. \"Do I need to call Mr Donatelli and explain the situation to him?\" Grace questioned, causing Miss Hannigan's face to pale slightly. \"Because need I remind you that the only reason you still work here is because Annie begged for you to keep your job.\" She stated. Grace was usually calm and level headed but where Annie was concerned she found herself getting defensive/protective. If it had been up to her Miss Hannigan would be in jail, but Annie had begged her and Oliver to let Miss Hannigan keep her job and neither one could say no to her. Reluctantly Miss Hannigan gestured for Grace to go and find the youngest orphan before heading back into her office. She moved towards the stairs and noticed Punjab was still following her. Normally she would have told him to stay there but she had a feeling that he wouldn't listen so as she climbed the stairs she held her tongue. Although she also had a feeling Oliver had something to do with Punjab's presence as well. It wasn't long before Grace was walking into the 'bedroom' and she noticed Molly sat on her bed with an old stuffed bear. \"Molly.\" Grace called out gently, not wanting to scare the girl. \"Are you okay dear?\" She asked. As the six year old turned to look at her Grace felt her heart ache as she noticed the girls tear stained cheeks. Instantly she moved to sit next to her and pulled Molly into a hug. \"I miss Annie.\" Molly mumbled into Grace's shoulder. Even though Molly was upset Grace couldn't help but smile. \"Well would you like to come back to me and visit her?\" She asked. Immediately Molly nodded and a smile spread across the young girls face, a sight that warmed Grace's heart. \"Come on then.\" She said, lifting Molly into her arms as she stood. Grace didn't bother to go and tell Miss Hannigan they were leaving, the woman knew that Grace was taking Molly to the house. They simply went straight out to the car. After making sure Molly was secure in the car Grace climbed in herself and Punjab began to drive them back to the house. Unfortunately the bodyguard hadn't seen the van speeding towards them. It smashed into the rear drivers side of the car, causing Grace and Molly to hit their heads as they were thrown out of their seats. Author's Note: Hope you guys like this chapter. Please review and let me know what you think x[Chapter 6] I just wanted to thank annabell39645, markaleen and cobwebsophie for reviewing the previous chapter x Back at the house Oliver was in his office with Annie. It amazed Annie to watch Oliver work. The billionaire had no doubt that the red head was smart beyond her years, as she watched him work. He also had no doubt that one day she would rule whatever field of work she went into. Still as she watched him read various letters that would have to be sent out he couldn't help but feel like something was off. Like something wasn't right. Still he shook off the feeling and reluctantly went back to work. He worked until he heard the clock chime again. Looking up Oliver realized it was now 2pm. Grace had gone to retrieve Molly hours ago and still had not come back, something that immediately worried and concerned him. She should have been back within the hour and the fact that she wasn't just didn't settle right with him. Oliver was brought from his thoughts by the sound of his daughters voice. \"Shouldn't mom be back with Molly by now?\" Annie asked as Oliver heard a phone ringing somewhere in the distance. Nodding to the ten year old Oliver Warbucks stood as a loud knocking was heard at his door. \"Come in.\" He snapped, not noticing Annie flinch at his tone. Looking at the door he frowned as the Asp entered. \"What do you want?\" He asked/demanded. He wasn't in the mood for playing games today. He knew something wasn't right and he was going to find out what was wrong. \"Punjab is on the phone for you, Mr Warbucks. He says it's extremely important.\" The Asp explained. Oliver knew immediately from the tone of his voice that it was serious. Without a second thought Oliver walked out of the room and towards the telephone, unaware of Annie following him. Picking up the phone he immediately placed it against his ear. \"Punjab? What's happened?\" He questioned, knowing that for the man to be calling him something must be seriously wrong. \" Sahib, there was an accident. Miss Farrell and Molly are in the hospital.\" Punjab told the billionaire over the phone. Oliver couldn't believe his ears. \"I'll be there as soon as I can.\" He stated, willing his voice not to show any emotions. But as he heard his voice he knew it hadn't worked. Turning his head his eyes widened slightly as he looked at Annie. He turned from her worried gaze to look at the Asp. \"Look after her. I'll be back soon.\" As the billionaire turned to leave he felt a small hand grip his own. Turning he looked down as his daughters worried face. \"Is mom okay, Daddy Warbucks?\" Annie asked, tears gathering in her eyes. Lifting Annie into his arms Oliver moved to sit on a nearby couch/chaise. \"Punjab just called me.\" He stated. He didn't want to upset the red head but he also knew how perceptive she was and that she would instantly know something was wrong. \"There's been an accident Molly and your mom are in the hospital.\" The billionaire explained, hating the tears that began pouring down the little girls face. \"So I'm going to go make sure they are okay. Can you stay with the Asp for me? I promise I#ll call you with any news, okay?\" He asked. Annie nodded straight away. While she wanted to go and see her mom and friend she knew that Oliver would come and get her when she could visit. She trusted her dad. She just hoped her mom and Molly would be okay. After a long hug with Annie Oliver reluctantly left the house/mansion and climbed into the car, driving in the direction of the hospital. It wasn't long before he was pulling up outside the hospital and with a heavy heart he climbed out of the car and entered the building. Almost instantly his eyes landed on Punjab in the waiting room. A quick look at the body guard assured the billionaire he had nothing more then a few bruises. \"Punjab. Have you heard anything?\" He asked, hiding his worry and fear. Shaking his head Punjab turned to face his boss. \"No Sahib. They won't tell me anything because I'm not family.\" He stated. Oliver's face hardened immediately. He hated that he didn't know anything. Turning he stomped over to the reception desk, glaring at the blonde behind the desk. He knew it wasn't her fault but she was available for him to take some of his anger out on and he was going to make the most of it. \"Grace Farrell and Molly, they were brought in after a car accident. I want an update.\" He ordered, startling the blonde receptionist as he spoke. \"I'm sorry sir but unless you are family I can't tell you anything.\" The blonde responded. Mentally hoping the man would either calm down or leave her alone. She could tell by his voice he was beyond angry. Slamming his hand down on the desk Oliver leaned forward. \"Listen here. That is my fiancee and my daughters best friend so either you tell me what is going on or I will go over your head.\" He snapped, getting more annoyed by the fact that they wouldn't tell him anything. Seeing the blonde nod to him Oliver watched as she typed something into her computer. \"There isn't an update from the doctor on Miss Farrell but Molly seems to be awake. She is in room 308 if you would like to go and see her.\" She stated, mentally sighing in relief when Oliver nodded. \"The doctor is the same one attending to your fiancee as well so you can ask her for an update on Miss Farrell.\" Nodding Oliver Warbucks turned and headed towards the room he knew Molly was in. He just hoped both Molly and Grace were okay. Annie would be devastated if either of them were badly hurt and he wasn't sure how he would cope if anything happened to Grace. But he knew one thing for sure, when he found out what happened and who did this they were going to pay. Author's Note: Hope you like this chapter guys. Please review and let me know what you think x[Chapter 7]  ","Summary":" So I am likely writing this for myself since it has been years since the film came out but I found "},{"Movie":"A Clockwork Orange","Title":"Turning like Clockwork","Author":"Justice237","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11005331","Passage":"[Chapter 1] This is my first A Clockwork Orange fanfic and also my first fanfic in quite a while, so forgive me if it's not that good. I've fallen in love with the book and the movie and all the little analytical details Kubrick put into his visual directing, and I can't help but love our Humble Psychopathic Narrator - HUGE props to Anthony Burgess, Stanley Kubrick and Malcolm McDowell for not only bringing this character to life accurately, but making him so likeable whilst doing so. This was inspired by the line in the book that said, \"But I cracked my back and my wrists and my nogas …\". Presumably, when he said he broke his back, it wasn't a spinal injury, as in the book he is later shown to be able to physically function just as he did before he was 'cured'. But I can't help but think, what if Alex did sustain some permanent side effects from his suicide attempt? What would happen to him now? I do not own the masterpiece that is A Clockwork Orange or any of its characters. They are the sole property of the late, great Anthony Burgess and Stanley Kubrick. I'm not trying to outdo them, I am merely writing this for fun. Please, enjoy. The Ninth was still blasting away like bezoomny to my left, and it was inflicting that horrible pain and sickness that shouldn't be there all over my plott, O my brothers. It was like a million britvas were like slicing into me and cutting into all my main cables and my keeshkas were like cleaving in on themselves, and all I could do was to creech very gromky to turn it off, turn it off, and that made me feel even worse because I had creeched the same slovos during the grahzny vonny Ludovico Technique. Then I stopped like banging my gulliver on the floor and I viddied the windows just above me. Suddenly, I viddied what I had to do, and what I had wanted to do, and that was to do myself in; to snuff it, to blast off for ever out of this wicked cruel world. One moment of pain perhaps, and then sleep. For ever, and ever and ever. I got up and staggered over to the window, that being very hard, me being in so much pain, and I climbed up onto the sill and managed to open the window. It was a long drop, but long enough to kill a veck? Only one way to find out, as the starry vecks say. I crouched on the malenky ledge outside the window, and it was so cold up there, O my brothers, it being November and all that cal, and I closed my glazzies, bowed my gulliver and felt the cold wind through my voloss and on my litso, and I suddenly felt very poogly of what like waited for me after death, so I couldn't help but creech one last, long creech as I jumped. -ACO- I jumped, O my brothers, and I fell hard, but I did not snuff it, oh no. If I had snuffed it I would not be here to have told you what I have told. Turns out that long drop wasn't long enough to kill a veck, but it did do something else that has stayed with me since then. I came back to jeenzy, you see, after a long black, black gap of what might have been a million years. My glazzies were at first all cally with sleepglue, but after a minoota I could viddy that I was in a hospital and that most of my plott was like bound up in white and I couldn't move nor feel, O my brothers, and also standing over me were a nurse and a doctor veck and the nurse was hastily buttoning her uniform over her groodies. They were like inspecting my plott and all these bezoomny machines around me, and I could viddy that I was like hooked up to these machines by wires, and that unpleasantly reminded me of the horrible Ludovico Technique. My gulliver and my jaw was covered in like plaster, so I could not govoreet well as my rot was all stiff. I found this out when I tried to ask them what was happening but it came out like er er er and all that cal. So when these lewdies were finished, they ittied off and left Your Poor Suffering Humble Narrator all on his oddy knocky. I was getting some feeling back in my plott now, O my brothers, and it was just a malenky pain in my gulliver and in my torso - but I still couldn't feel anything in my nogas, and I was just that malenky bit confused as to why, but I put that down to them being in a lot of bandage and plaster and all that cal. Eventually I got some spatchka, and when I dreamed, I dreamed of beating up a whole lot of real starry chellovecks, like the ones who like tolchocked me at the Biblio, and I felt real horrorshow, no pain or sickness. But in the middle of all this ultraviolence I found that my nogas would not hold me up anymore. I didn't feel like all paralysed with pain in sickness like the dream I had in the Ludovico centre, as I could still move my rookers, but I could no longer stand, O my brothers, and that frightened me just a malenky bit, but I like shook that off, as I whipped out my cut throat britva and started like slicing into all these starry vecks' nogas instead, all red red krovvy flowing, and it was real beautiful. -ACO- The next day was tiring, O my brothers. When I woke up I felt a malenky bit better, not so much pain, but I still could not feel anything in my nogas. This nurse ptitsa came to me after I had my breakfast of eggiwegs and toast, all smiley and real horrorshow, and I would've taken to her right away if I had not taken to traitorous Dr. Branom the same way. She like straightened the bedsheets and I govoreeted to her: \"How long have I been in here?\" \"A week or so,\" she said. \"And what's happened? What have these bezoomny vecks been doing to my plott?\" When I govoreeted that last bit, she like stared at me like she was confused, and I realised that she probably didn't understand nadsat talk, so I said: \"What have these crazy men been doing with my body?\" \"Oh,\" she said, \"you've sustained several bruises and severe concussion and you've lost a lot of blood. The bruises and the concussion are mostly healed now, and you've had a blood transfusion, so that's pretty much all fixed. You've also broken all four limbs and a few ribs.\" I did not kopat all of this, brothers, and I felt it necessary to next ask this devotchka: \"Why can't I feel anything in my legs?\" Then she like looked a bit poogly, and I still didn't kopat why, O my brothers, when she suddenly averted her glazzies and bit her goobers. I wasn't liking this one malenky bit, and I govoreeted: \"Come on, spit it out. I know you're hiding something from me.\" She looked at me again, and I was surprised to viddy like tears in her glazzies, and when she govoreeted, it was very quiet, like a whisper: \"The reason you can't feel anything in your legs is because ... you broke your spine, damaging the spinal cord. They had to sever it completely ... you would've only suffered more otherwise. You've been left ... paraplegic.\" So, what do you think? Good? Bad? Ugly? Leave me a review and let me know if I should continue or not. In the meantime, viddy well. Katie[Chapter 2] Next chapter! I don't know much about how nurses and doctors may act, I tried looking in the book for reference, but that didn't help very much because obviously they didn't have to give Alex the news that they have to give him now, so if you have any advice or otherwise constructive criticism, leave me a review. Criticise though, don't flame. And to Guest, yes, I did use Burgess's Nadsat glossary. Thanks to SoSorryJoeyJr for the help! \"Paraplegic?\" It was my turn to be confused now, O my brothers, for I had never heard that slovo before, but I didn't like the sound of it one malenky bit. \"You can't walk,\" she replied. I rolled my glazzies at her. \"Well of course I can't walk, all broken and bandaged up like this.\" \"No,\" she said. \"I mean that you've lost the ability to move your legs in any way, meaning that you'll never walk again.\" \"What?\" I didn't kopat all that she was govoreeting about, brothers, because I could feel my glazzies falling shut again and my brain was all like uncoordinated. \"Leave me alone, I need to get some spatchka.\" She ittied away, and when I dreamed they were like the starry days when I was a free young malchick, crasting and tolchocking and dratting and the old in-out and all that real horrorshow stuff, except this time I was all on my oddy knocky, no so-called droogs in sight, brothers. But I found that I couldn't run that skorry because my nogas were all like weak, but my rookers and my cut-throat britva knew their way around making all these vecks and ptitsas creech like blue murder. And all this time, brothers, apart from the pained golosses of all these lewdies, all I could slooshy was lovely Bach and Handel and Mozart and Rossini and above all, lovely lovely Ludwig Van and the beautiful Ninth Symphony. -ACO- Eventually I woke again, and I viddied my pee and em had come to viddy their like injured son, my em platching and boohoohooing her old tick-tocker out. But I had more important things to focus on, brothers, so I said: \"Well well well, what gives, my pee and em? What makes you think you are welcome?\" \"You were in the papers again, son,\" said my papapa, in a very like ashamed way. \"They said that the Government drove you to try and do yourself in. And it was our fault too, in a way, son. You home's your home, when all is said and done, son.\" My em was still snivelling away real horrorshow, but she managed to like stop platching for a little while. She focused her glazzies on me and said, \"Alex, do you remember that little girl in the park several years ago? You were about five and you went up to her and asked why she was in a wheelchair. It was because her back had been damaged while she was being born.\" I remembered that malenky ptitsa, as well as the tears in her glazzies when she had govoreeted why she was in that wheelchair. It seemed like a lot of bezoomny cal to me, but I nodded my gulliver at her. \"You doctor told us …\" then she broke down again, brothers, her red and wrinkled litso as ugly as kiss-my-sharries. My papa finished for her, although he was as poogly as that nurse ptitsa, \"Dr. Blackburn told us that you had irreparably damaged your spinal cord when you fell, and they had to sever it completely as leaving it would've only caused you more problems. You're like that little girl now, Alex.\" At first I just looked at him like he was govoreeting a lot fo medical cal, then I realised what he really meant and I felt sick.\"You mean,\" I managed to govoreet, \"I'll never walk again?\" The thought of having to like itty around in a wheelchair for the rest of my jeenzy was not a welcome one, brothers, and I soon found myself like shaking and I knew I had to sick up so I shifted my broken plott over the bed and that made me feel even worse because I felt pains all over myself and as I like threw up I felt tears coming out of my glazzies and I almost felt like platching out loud just a malenky bit. \"Visiting time's up,\" said this whitecoated ptitsa, coming over to like escort my pee and em out. \"You're upsetting him.\" After my pee and em had left, she turned to me with a smile. \"Good day, Alex.\" I've decided to cut it off here because I don't know where else to end it. I wasn't sure how I could continue this, which is why I didn't update for some time, but major, major thanks to SoSorryJoeyJr for the help with getting this running again. Viddy well. Katie[Chapter 3] \"Morning missus,\" I govereeted back to her in my gentleman's goloss. Well, I tried to do that, brothers, but the inside of my rot was all dry and cally with this horrible sour taste and my glazzies were stinging a bit. \"I'm Dr. Taylor, your psychiatrist,\" she said. I cheered up somewhat, brothers, over the next 30 minutes as she showed me all like these slides with pictures of lewdies creeching because they were being tolchoked, all red red krovvy everywhere, and she asked me what I thought about them, and I said that I would like to be in on that. Those violent slides reminded me of the old happy days when I was a free young malchick and my droogs weren't traitors. It made me a malenky bit sad that those days were all like in the past and over. \"That's enough,\" she said eventually. \"I have my results. You seem to be cured.\" \"Cured?\" I asked her. \"All broken up like this and you say cured? Kiss my sharries is what I say.\" \"No no no,\" she replied, smiling. \"Did you feel sick when I showed you those slides?\" I frowned at her, shaking my gulliver. \"Then you're cured.\" I liked that messel very much at first, but then I remembered what my pee and em had told me earlier, about me not being able to walk. \"But,\" I govereeted, \"I won't be able to do any of that, will I? I won't be able to go crasting and drasting and tolchoking and spatting and all that stuff. I can't ever live my jeenzy how I want to! Because I can't bloody wal- OW!\" I was getting razdrez and I had slammed my broken rooker on the bed. \"Oh Alex,\" she said in her sweet goloss, patting me on the pletcho. \"Don't think like that. Lots of people who can't walk can still live happily!\" I seriously doubted this, brothers. Living without nogas seemed bezoomny at best, oozhassny at worst. When she went away, I started thinking, letting my rassoodock wander. I started remembering that winter nochy two years ago, one of the worst nochys of my jeenzy. Me tolcocking that old soomka with the fake zubrick, avoiding all the kots and bowls of moloko around the domy, the sight of my three droogs waiting for me outside. But most of all, I remembered Dim. I remember him smashing the bottle of moloko over my litso, the glass shiving into me, the cold moloko running down my shirt. I remembered the millicents and their like sirens and golosses as they looked down upon a wounded and creeching young veck. That memory replayed over and over again, like a broken record in my gulliver. But then there came a time when my droogs ran away and left me to get loveted - and no-one came. I couldn't even slooshy the sounds of the rozzes' autos. There was just me, all on my oddy knocky. Just me and my krovvy and my pain. Eventually I couldn't like hold it in any longer. I felt my cut and krovvy litso crumple and I started platching. I was platching so hard that my whole plott was shaking. \"Alex, Alex! Wake up!\" My wet glazzies snapped open and I saw the Minister of the Interior or Inferior standing in front of me and I realized I must have fallen asleep again and that it was his rooker shaking me. I'm writing this at quarter to midnight, which is why it feels a little lazy at the beginning. I skimmed over that part because I wanted to get to writing the good stuff. Sorry this chapter is so short, it's just that I have exams from May 14th-May 20th, so I'm gonne be dedicating more time to revision. I have a rough outline in my head though, which should help motivate me a bit more. Also, if your 5th favourite movie is The Lego Movie, you like FNAF and you have an OC named Emilee, thanks a bunch, although you are the reason I'm still writing this at ten to midnight. LOL jk, I love you man. Viddy well Katie. ","Summary":" This is my first A Clockwork Orange fanfic and also my first fanfic in quite a while, so forgive me"},{"Movie":"A Clockwork Orange","Title":"pee and em","Author":"Miss Femm","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11933800","Passage":"[Chapter 1] …1… Philip and Sheila Burgess should not have been so shocked when they received the news, but they were shocked nevertheless. Their son, their little Alex, the polite boy who enjoyed listening to Beethoven and drinking overly sweetened tea, had murdered a woman in her own home. Smashed her skull right into the floor. Philip was unable to sleep easily, even with pills. Sheila wailed and wept. A few weeks later and the trial is over. Alex will be shut away in a prison for fourteen years, a common criminal. Sheila bawls all the way home, her mascara and eyeliner bleeding black and blue all over her handkerchief. Philip is numb, blank, drained. He has no clue how to feel by now. During the trial, he had run the emotional gamut. He was unused to such excitement and now wants nothing more than a shred of normalcy, of routine. When the two of them finally return to the flat block apartment, Philip sinks into his favorite armchair and feels his entire body ache. It is like seventeen years' worth of fatigue weighing over every muscle. Sheila prepares tea with misty eyes and quivering hands. \"My son, my son,\" she murmurs, her breath shaky. She can hardly look at the black and white photos decorating the corridors, almost all of them of Alex, from infancy till his teenage years. By the time he is out of prison, it will be 1986 and he will be someone else entirely. She wonders how it has come to this, for all she and Philip had ever wanted was a quiet life together, with a quiet child who would grow into comfortable, quiet adulthood. A/N: My first ACO fic. I read the book and saw the movie this year, and just fell in love with them both. A lot of the stories on this archive are about Alex- no surprise considering he is a fascinating literary/cinematic creation- but I decided to try a little of something different. I always wondered about Alex's parents, how timid they are and the question of how much responsibility they do or don't hold for how Alex turned out. This will be a three or four chapter character piece, hopefully one that is diverting enough for you guys.[Chapter 2] …2… The apartment seems quieter with Alex gone, like an empty theater after the audience and performers have departed. It had been a strange night for the two of them. No need to take sleeping pills. No Beethoven blaring throughout the small space at three in the morning. No more of Alex whistling when he came back from a long night. No more Alex slamming his bedroom door. No more Alex. Neither Philip nor Sheila speak a word over breakfast. He stares down at the newspaper, not really reading the black text. Sheila does not touch her toast or tea. Philip wonders if they should turn the radio on to fill the silence, but then there is a knock on the door. Sheila murmurs something before getting up to answer it. A group of professionally dressed men and some police officers loom in the doorway. \"Yes, sirs?\" asks Sheila. \"We're from the police department,\" said one of the men in suits. \"There's a new regulation just put into effect. We'll be seizing your son's belongings—compensation for the victim's dependents, you see. We'll be swift.\" Philip and Sheila watch from the breakfast table as they carry out Alex's old things: his massive stereo, record collection, wall decorations, the window shade with Beethoven's grim visage, even his bedspread and pillows. By the time they've left, the room is bare, white, as though no one had ever lived there at all. Sheila starts weeping into her tea. Philip just stares into the newspaper headlines. He's still numb, but also much lighter, as though the confiscation of his son's belongings is cathartic, and this makes him feel guilty. It will only be him and Sheila again, as it was long ago. … Philip first met Sheila during the holiday season of 1953. Neither was in the bloom of youth: Philip was thirty-five, his prematurely gray hair already thinning; Sheila was forty-three, her hair still its natural dark blonde, her clothes always brightly colored, pressed, and fashionable. They met at a café where both had breakfast every morning before a long day at work. He could make her giggle sometimes, something she prized in that there seemed to be so little to laugh about. She was an intent listener, something he did not have in his life. The majority of their days were dedicated to lengthy factory hours filled with repetitive tasks, but they were bookended with quiet talks over tea and eventually awkward pecks on the lips. The courtship had been quiet, devoid of grand passions or other such excitement, but neither minded much. They would walk along the flat block marina hand in hand, or talk over a few drinks at one of the more modest pubs. They were not madly in love, but they shared a mutual fondness and a mutual discomfort at the thought of living alone, so they married within four months of their initial meeting. It was a small ceremony; Sheila's sister and Philip's parents were the only attendees, but neither the bride nor the groom minded. They always felt small in the midst of big gatherings. Though both had wanted a child, feeling it was the proper thing to do, they possessed precious little hope of achieving such a feat. However, after a year of marriage, Sheila had become pregnant. They feared difficulties due to the increased risk of an older woman being with child, but everything went smoothly, culminating in the birth of a healthy if slightly underweight baby boy. Philip could still vividly remember the first time he saw Alexander: Sheila held him, a tiny creature all pink-faced and bundled in blue. The baby's curly hair was so fair that it was hardly perceptible. The child in the bundle barely stirred, so silent and harmless. Sheila had never looked as beautiful as she did then, her eyes wide with wonder, her blonde hair spread out against the hospital pillows, these being the days before colored wigs were the height of fashion. \"Isn't he a pret-ty thing?\" she crooned, rocking the infant in her arms as he dozed. \"No doubt, no doubt,\" Philip whispered, his arm about Sheila's shoulders. \"Our little Alex…\" \"Yes, little Alex… my sweet little Alex…\" … The first few years of little Alex's life were the happiest ones of their marriage. The days were blissfully routine: Philip went to work and Sheila tended to the baby. Philip would come home. They would have dinner and then sit smoking by the radio, hands intertwined, as little Alex crawled about the floor, biting his toys and babbling. He was a beautiful child, with fair hair curling around his ears and bright blue eyes, the sort of baby any parents would be proud to call their own. He rarely cried, started reading by the age of three, and generally gave them no trouble. They considered themselves lucky. They denied the boy nothing, spending a great deal of their meager savings on clothes and toys and anything else he wanted. When he took interest in classical music around age seven, Philip spent most of his week's salary on recordings of Rossini and Mozart and Beethoven for the lad. Sheila had him attending piano lessons, but Alex's impatience frustrated his tutor, so those sessions ended before a year had passed. Neither could tell you where, why, or how things went wrong with their son. Alex had always been willful, not one to be denied anything, and Philip found this slightly unnerving though Sheila assured him it was nothing too amiss. After all, Alex was also intelligent and self-reliant, giving them little trouble at home and never embarrassing them with public tantrums, so they let the concerned teacher's notes and detention slips go by with little comment. One teacher had suggested a good smack would keep Alex in line, but Philip was especially reluctant to use a belt or any corporal punishment on the boy. He recalled his own boyhood, a childhood friend whose father regularly whipped him for any and all misdemeanors. Rather than correcting him, the friend had grown into someone sullen, the sort who lived in a prison cell every few months, and the last thing Philip wanted was to turn his own son into such a person. … By age nine, Alex had gotten into his first schoolyard skirmish. He'd come home bruised, a stream of blood trailing down his forehead. Sheila fawned over him all evening, wiping his face and bandaging his little head; he winced a little, but did not moan over his injuries. In fact, the boy seemed in a rather good mood all evening. Apparently, Alex had said something nasty to a classmate, a certain Billy something or other, and the two had resorted to blows behind the school building. Alex had been the victor and poor Billy had gone home with a black eye. At least, that was what the teacher's note claimed. When they put Alex to bed, Sheila wept. \"Oh God, Philip. How awful! Could our son be becoming—oh it's too horrible to think—!\" \"No need to fear, dear,\" he said, patting her hand. \"Such things are normal in a lad his age. It is a typical thing for a young boy to show a little aggression here and there. Why, we should have worried had he never been a little forthright, am I right?\" He comforted her and himself in this way, thinking back on his school days. A little fight had here and there had not turned him into a hooligan—not that he had regularly involved himself in schoolyard brawls as far as he could recall, but still. It was nature's way. … By age eleven, Alex was expelled from school. The last fight had involved not only fists, but also blunt objects and the other boy had been taken to the hospital. Alex claimed it was a case of self-defense and even wept into his mother's shoulder that night. She cried with him and held him to her as though he were a small boy again. For her own sense of peace, Sheila made herself believe him. … By age twelve, Alex had his first brush with the law. He and two of his friends from the correctional school were caught shoplifting; not only that, they had beat up the cashier, nearly caving in one side of the poor man's face. Philip could barely look at the photographs taken of the victim. What father wanted to think his own child capable of such things? There was another hearing, which resulted in Alex being assigned a probation officer. Philip and Sheila thought Mr. P.R. Deltoid a fine enough man, someone eager to make a difference in the growing youth violence problem. Of course, they were not convinced their son was disturbed. The boy claimed his friends (or \"droogs\" as he called them now) had influenced him, coerced him into harming the man by making threats against him. Deltoid seemed less than convinced. In fact, after every session with Alex, he seemed more unnerved, as though he could see something in him that his parents could, or would, not. … By age thirteen, it seemed as though Mr. Deltoid were visiting the Burgess abode several times a month. Alex became more distant, though Sheila and Philip did try their best to spend time with him on Sunday nights. Card games were a common pastime. Alex usually won (not always through honest means, but Sheila told herself it was only a game anyway), though there had been unfortunate exceptions to the trend. Sheila had won once. Alex proceeded to shout at her, something about unfairness. To pacify him, they had a rematch, which he won, though he remained rather sullen throughout the evening. Eventually, these little family moments were eliminated altogether when Alex turned fourteen. He disappeared from the apartment around seven at night and never returned before three a.m. \"I've gotten a job now, you see,\" he told them one morning over burnt toast and oversweet tea. \"A job? At your age?\" asked Sheila. \"Of course, why not?\" said Alex between bites of breakfast. \"I'm mature for my age, am I not?\" \"What sort of work do you do, son?\" asked Philip. Alex shrugged. \"Oh you know… the usual sort for malchicks my age… Well, got to head to the old skolliwoll. I'll be seeing you, pee and em!\" He made a swift exit, patting his father's shoulder and pecking his mother on the cheek before shutting the door behind him. Alex had never departed for school with such enthusiasm. \"Isn't he young to be working, though?\" asked Sheila. \"Not especially so, love,\" said Philip. \"Why when I was a lad, I worked some odd jobs so I could have some pocket money for myself. He's simply… enterprising for his age.\" \"Yes, I suppose,\" said Sheila, raising her cup to her lips. \"Enterprising… our clever young boy.\" She said it as though she were half-convinced. There was little time to think about it; she was already late for work at the factory as it was and the bills were not going to pay themselves. … The only time they had ever contradicted Alex on anything was the matter of the snake— Basil. It had been when Alex was fifteen. It was almost six in the morning and Sheila had gotten up to take an aspirin. A few minutes later, Philip was woken by a shriek from the kitchen. Sheila had tripped over the large serpent and was nearly in hysterics, her hair net askew. Philip grabbed a rather heavy statuette of a nude male and rushed to his wife's aid, ready to kill the wretched thing, when Alex came up behind him and wrenched the statuette away. \"Stop it! Stop it! That's Basil,\" he shouted, shoving his father aside and throwing the statuette onto the floor, breaking it cleanly in three pieces. \"What? Basil?\" stammered Philip, pressing himself against the wall. Alex knelt to the ground and proceeded to lift the snake up tenderly. \"He's my snake,\" he said. \"I won him last night.\" Alex wrapped Basil about his shoulders. The snake almost looked like a scarf—a horrible, scaly scarf. Sheila shuddered as she picked herself up, unable to look at the horrid creature. \"Son,\" said Philip, brushing back what little hair he had nervously. \"You know your mother and I are permissive, but—.\" The boy shot his father an icy glare. \" Don't you touch him .\" \"Don't get me wrong, son. We've no problem with you having a pet, just—could you please keep him—keep him out of the kitchen?\" Alex glared up from under his brows, took a slow step forward. His right hand curled into a fist. \"Did I slooshy that correct, papapa?\" Sheila whimpered, one hand over her mouth. Philip was sweating, tripping over the following words. \"Son, we like to let you do as you please. But in this one matter, I simply—I simply must put my—well, I have to insist that you should keep Basil in your own room, for the sake of your poor mother's health.\" Both expected an outburst or perhaps something worse, but Alex did nothing. Instead he smirked, looking quite bemused. Philip sensed it was not the kind of way a child should look at their own parents, but he was so relieved that he did not try his luck farther. Alex clapped him on the shoulder and chuckled. \"Alright,\" he said, all traces of malevolence vanished. \"Never fear, pee. Basil will bother thee and em no longer.\" And with that, he went back to his bedroom, humming a little. Since then, they never encountered Basil again, so the event went by without comment.[Chapter 3] …3… Philip and Sheila started taking sleeping pills once Alex received the record player. He had always been something of a night owl and played his classical music late into the night. It was annoying since they lived in such a small apartment, but Sheila said at least he was listening to Beethoven and Rossini, none of that devil rock and roll so beloved by many nasty teenagers these days. Alex was, above all, a cultured boy. It is strange, sleeping without the pills. The luxury of a natural sleep seemed heavenly for such a very long time, yet Sheila feels let down. No pill and she's hardly slept at all tonight. She goes in and out of her dreams, dreams she can hardly remember—fragments really, snapshots and memories long forgotten. It's all a monochrome blur of factory work and afternoons with her little boy in the park and the romantic walks along the marina so, so long ago. It is not a pleasant night, but Sheila gets through it. It's Saturday. Philip wears a gray suit with a new blue tie. Sheila is decked out in a pink wig, matching coat, and white go-go boots. They go out for breakfast, talk about the weather and what's playing at the cinema today over burnt eggs and sausage. They almost decide to go to the pictures, but change their mind. They stroll the park for forty-five minutes until Philip gets stomach cramps. They return to the flatblock apartment and doze off by the radio. Sheila is the first to get up; she decides to make some soup for lunch, something light so as not to aggravate Philip's stomach even further. But then, Sheila gasps over the stove. She turns to Philip with wide eyes, her face especially pale compared to her bright pink wig. \"Whatever will we do with his snake?\" she asks, her voice hushed. It is almost as though she is afraid Alex were somewhere near, listening in the darkened corners of the apartment. Both stare at one another, thinking of the drawer beneath Alex's old bed where the snake lays, no doubt coiled and sleeping and horrible. \"We can hardly keep it,\" mumbles Philip, rubbing the back of his neck. \"No, no— we'd not know how to care for it,\" Sheila replies. \"But what can we do about it?\" There is the unspoken solution hanging between them. Neither wants to say the awful word aloud. Neither really wants to resort to such an act. But then again, Alex has a fourteen years sentence. Snakes did not live so long, did they? Surely not. Basil would not see his master return home, should nature take its course— … Sheila and Philip walk along the marina like they did in the old days, before marriage, before Alex. Philip carries a large white cardboard box in his arms, struggling a little with the weight. The snake is much heavier, but he is still sleeping and barely stirred when the couple had moved him from his drawer. They stop and stare over the body of water. Philip holds his breath. He kneels down, gently places the box into the water, taking great care not to fall in himself. The two of them watch as it is pulled beneath the brown-blue surface. He is gripping Sheila's hand so hard that his knuckles are white. They stay there like that for fifteen minutes, until Sheila feels the tears pricking the corners of her eyes. \"We should go home,\" she says. \"I think your program is about to come on.\" \"Yes,\" Philip replies, nodding. \"And maybe some tea…\" They return home. They sit side by side with the radio on, hands intertwined. The apartment is different somehow. The air seems lighter now, as though there were an open window nearby, with a cool summer breeze filtering through the space. \"What will we do now?\" asks Philip. Sheila knows he's about the next fourteen years. It's a rather serious question, the sort they never much asked during all their eighteen years of marriage. \"I suppose carry on as usual,\" she says quietly. \"Maybe redecorate… a little.\" \"Yes,\" he says. \"Yes, why not?\" Not another word is said. They doze off as the lady singer on the radio croons on. A/N: And that is the conclusion! I enjoyed writing this story. I'd like to put some more fics on this archive in the future; I do have some ideas, but they are mostly comedic in nature. Still, I hope you enjoyed this O my brothers! ","Summary":" …1… Philip and Sheila Burgess should not have been so shocked when they received the news, but they"},{"Movie":"A Clockwork Orange","Title":"A Clockwork Orange - Alt ending","Author":"SoSorryJoeyJr","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11103429","Passage":"[Chapter 1] If anyone has bothered to look at my profile/account, they will know that I like A Clockwork Orange, and it is my favorite movie and book. This will be like other fanfics about A Clockwork Orange where the droogs meet a girl and some love begins in the making but there will be a twist, it won't be Alex getting all the attention, there will be some story which I will ake soone enough, but think of this as after the 'SINGIN in the rain' scene before the rivalry really flare between Alex, Georgie and Dim. I will include Pete more than the movie and book would. Just enjoy! Get out your Nadsat dictionary's, you'll need them, seriously. As the four walked down empty streets, sounds of animals and shouts grew louder to them, that or it was the milk-plus they had been drinking (most likely that) \"Well, what can we do now?\" Dim said with the grin on his face that he always had. \"Shut up, the devotchka will come to us sooner or later.\" Aex replied with a devious smile he always had. \"Or we could just fill up on moloko-plus till then.\" Georgie stated sarcastically. \"From what I know, the police have doubled in the past day, we should watch our backs...\" Pete said, hoping to extinguish the argument just waiting to happen. \"Speaking of moloko-plus, you should have some more Pete, you never try much. Why?\" Dim asked Pete \"I may be gagged from the night but I'm not as gloopy as to drink enough to make you bezoomy!\" he said, beginning to raise his voice. \"Well, hello the new Petey! I haven't seen you govereet that loud since umm... I dont know when to be honest, your growing more keeshkas by the minute!\" Alex said, giggling. \"Look what we have here, the young devotchka we were promised!\" Dim shouted. \"Ok, do what you want with her, I'm fagged and my guliver is in pain, hey Pete, go crast something will you?\" Alex said hoping to draw attention away from him. As Pete walked into the first house/shop he saw, Georgie and Dim had already begun beating the woman and stripping her like BillyBoy would do. \"Well, you chreechs won't stop me! Hope you put up a horrowshow drat.\" Pete said, hoping to fear monger from his helpless victim. \"Well, you aren't as fun as I thought, yet again you are a ded, I hope I wasn't very rude!\" Pete continued. After a good five minutes of screaming, blood and sweat he came out with enough money and jewelry to (I can't think of a simile). Going back to Dim and Georgie, they had finished slaughtering the teen only seconds ago. \"Well, it was worth what it was worth and it wasn't much now I think about it...\" Georgie began purposely trying to point out the fact it was pointless to kill a woman with no better reason then to just do it. They three of the both returned to Alex as if they had nothing better to do. \"Cmon boys, we have things to do!\" Alex said in a happier mood, faking a smile which actually seemed genuine. He jumped in a truck which seemed abandoned as it dripped rust and look as if it should be used for scrap metal. Since there wasn't enough room in the front, Dim jumped in the back and Pete took to the roof of the truck, thrill seeking and knowing the danger of doing so, yet he seemed different to his average 'keep to the side' attitude to life. Even he felt different to his average self. As Alex sped along, the men shouted and screamed in excitement, aware that only they could hear themselves. Before they knew it, due to the amount of milk-plus Alex consumed, they had crashed into a tree with Pete catapulted onto the tree, everyone else had been knocked unconscious so only Pete was left. He tryed to wake the men up but it was no use, they were out cold. He rushed to a house and knocked on the door as hard as he could. The door opened \"Help, there has been a terrible accident, I need your phone to call an ambulance!\" Pete shouted, trying to get the females attention. \"Hey, you are that rapist in the news I saw yesterday!\" she said as she slammed the door in his face, calling the police. He ran into the truck, put the men in the back and tryed to drive fowards but the engine was jammed. He found some clothes in the back of the truck and put them in so he wouldn't look suspicious. Once the police had arrived, he showed them the accident that happened and Alex, Dim and Georgie were rushed to hospital. \"Oh bog, oh bog, oh bog, sodding damnit!\" Pete shouted in rage from the situation he found himself in. After many days of waiting, sitting and pacing, they finally woke up, he was I formed by the doctors that Dim had died in the incedent that happened. He rushed to Alex's room, only to find a sleeping Alex. After he shook him multiple times he woke up. \"Oh god! Am I in heaven?\" Alex spoke aloud, saying the question rethorhically yet still seeming like he requested an answer. \"No, your in hospital, atleast your yarbles are intact!\" he said. \"Very sarky, I hope.\" Alex replied sternly. \"Why anything else?\" he responded oping Alex wasn't mad for whatever reason he might have been. \"Umm, Ihate to breathe news but um... Dim is... dead.\" Pete informed Alex \"WHAT?!\" he screamed at the top of his lungs. \"I'm sorry Alex, Dim is gone...\" he said in a quieter voice, seeming very sad. \"Go tell the news to Georgie, he won't be very happy about this.\" Alex told Pete. He rushed to Georgie's room to inform him. The same reaction happened except more tears, more screaming and more pain. He walked out of the hospital feeling more sad than he had ever been in his life. On his way out he bumped into a young girl who seemed very distressed. \"Whats the matter? A young devotchka like you shouldn't be on a street like this, nor in a mood like this.\" he said, hoping to comfort her. \"Oh, why thank you for noticing but it is ok, really!\" she said unconvincingly. \"You don't seem like its ok, I am here to help and comfort, my friend just died in a car accident. A true shame it is, but atkeast I can look back at my life and see it as horrorshow compared to this, it's contrasting things.\" he said in a more mightily voice. \"Well, my boyfriend died in a house fire and I'm not to happy about it.\" right as she said that, an idea sprung into his head.[Chapter 2] Nobody asked for it, so here is...THE SECOND PADT TO MY SHITTY FANFIC! *booing in the background* Oh, screw you guys. Let's get on with this before people start hurling stones at me. Pete was surprised that the seemingly young girl didn't speak the slang that literally translated to teenage. \"You know of any Nadsat?\" Pete asked, \"What the fuck is Nadsat?\" she replied. It was now clear that she must not have 'been with the times' so Pete changed to a more formal voice speaking actual English. \"Well, do you have anywhere to go?\" He asked again, \"I live with my parents.\" she told him. \"How old are you exactly?\" he questioned to her, \"16.\" (Ok, sorry if I got that age mixed up, I didn't look at my OC list before doing this but I think 16 was the right age) \"I'm 16 aswell!\" he said (there is no official age of Pete, only Alex has a real age in the book, that is 15, I'm using the movie as a guide right now and all the ages are increased slightly so, I'm sticking with 16 for now!) Before they could continue, Alex walked out of the hospital but Georgie couldn't be seen. \"Allo' Pete!\" Alex said cheerfully, \"Who's the devotchka you have there?\" he asked (sorry I used ask so many time, I'm not good with synonyms.) \"Devotchka? What is that?!\" Emilee asked, \"Does she no know Nadsat?\" Alex whispered to Pete. \"Yes...\" he replied. \"So speak English, or she'll think we're bezoonmy!\" Pete continued in a whisper which grew louder and louder of the seconds which seemed like hours as there was total silence for the next few seconds, that silence was very awkward! Then a distraught Georgie raced through the hospital door in the blistering cold, unprepared for the sudden climate change. \"Cal! What is this sodding cold being here?\" he shouted. \"Ay Georgie! Come join in out little soirée here!\" Alex announced, \"Where is my cal? You sods, where is my stuff?!\" he shouted at all of them, not seeing the girl that was among them, she was hiding behind Pete. Alex seemed like a freak and Georgie was way different from normal, most likely because of the Dim incident. \"Brothers, may you please leave! I want to make such a good impression as to seem normal!\" he shouted, his tone was greater than usual and it was clear to everyone of that.m\"Fine then, we will be out crasting, tolchocking, the likes, that Joseph fellow, b-\" Alex was interrupted by Emilee, \"Joseph?\" Emilee asked, \"yeah, the sod is a real pain!\" \"What does he look like?\" she continued. \"He's got the weirdest sodding eyes!\" \"Continue.\" \"His hair is like, black.\" She was flabbergasted by that description, it matched pretty much perfectly with...her brother![Chapter 3] The droogs were shocked, they didn't look like each other at all! \"We won't be as successful without Dim.\" Georgie stated, he wasn't coping with Dims death well. \"You can't hurt Joseph!\" Emilee shouted, \"Well, it's him or us.\" Pete told her in a voice not suitable for the situation, he wanst good with heart-felt moments as he never really had to go through any or even see them. Most of the time his life was dull, untill this new-found personality which was hell-bent on speaking up and not being the quiet loser he was. Alex walked away with Georgie, he dragged Pete along with him but Emilee held Pete's hand stopping him from being dragged. \"Please...don't,\" she asked with a tear in her eye. Alex and Georgie werent convinced but Pete saw reason. Reason that would be crushed by the fact that he is hogging up all the glory of crime. \"It's him or us,\" Pete repeated before walking with Alex to the truck crash location to collect there things. Now fully dressed for some ultra violence, they had no means of transportation. Emilee was still crying. \"The devotchka you grabbed is bezoonmy beautiful, fit for some in-o-\" Alex said abruptly being interrupted by Pete, \"Don't think about it Alex!\" Pete told Alex in a stern voice. \"Now Petey, my brother, my droog, I am your leader therefore you be behind me as I tell you what to do, do you want to be bugatty in cutter or just sitting, letting dooks spin around you!\" \"Well Alex, I'm sorry to govereet but you don't scare me no more!\" \"You wanna drat Petey becuase thats what my oockos are GOVEREETING to me!\" Pete was quick to act, swinging his cane at Alex, but missing as a quick Alex took his chance and whacked Pete's face with his. Pete was distraught but not down. Despite the blood dripping from his face, he went for another swing, this time a hit. Followed by another, then a kick. Georgie was just watching, still mourning Dim in his thoughts but he tried to push them out. Pete kicked Alex in the testicles followed by a headlock then throwing Alex onto the empty road then continuously stomping on poor Alex's face. Georgie had to drag Pete back so he would stop. Alex didn't even look like a human anymore with all the amount of dirt and blood smeared on his face. \"You win! You win! Just spare my face!\" \"I declare myself as leader.\" \"Thats enough of you!\" Georgie shouted before bashing Pete's head with his cane. The downed Pete fell to the floor. One thing he'll remember, don't fuck with the wrong people. ","Summary":" If anyone has bothered to look at my profile/account, they will know that I like A Clockwork Orange"},{"Movie":"A Clockwork Orange","Title":"And","Author":"bibliophilechild","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9867305","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I never listen. That's always been my problem though. They all warned me. Told me of your devious ways. The way you lead them along. Little girls wrapped around those smooth fingers of yours. I didn't believe them. I had to see for myself. It hurt. You hurt me. Not one of those easy to fix hurts either. You left me with a deep aching. An aching I couldn't drink away. An aching the blades couldn't cut out. I drowned the pain with various methods of self destruction; yet, nothing could heal that pain. It singed my pride. I know little girls who play with fire are bound to get burn; nevertheless I suppose I didn't anticipate the severity of the burn. You were my friend. You were my best friend. How could you let them do that ? I thought you loved me? You promised you loved me. Did you ever love me? Was everything you shared all lies? I thought we meant something? I never listen. That's always been my problem though. They all warned me, But I didn't listen Told me of your devious ways, But I thought I could change you. The way you lead them along. You led me along didn't you? Little girls wrapped around those smooth fingers of yours I was wrapped around your finger. I didn't believe them. I believe. I had to see for myself. I saw everything It hurt You hurt me[Chapter 2] The reflection stares back. It was time for my daily battle once more. They don't see what I lack. I lack beauty. Every time I see my reflection I am forced to remember the same thing. Every time I look at myself. It is about four inches across and an inch wide. It stays on my wrist. A thin line. A constant reminder. I was his. He claimed me. Not for that one night. Forever. I am branded with this scar forever. I'm left with the scar forever. I'm left with the memory forever. Every time I look in the mirror I see it. It doesn't matter what I wear. I know it's there. He won. I tried to leave this cruel world and yet I still lose. So, here I am. Stuck facing my battle once more. I'm 'not a victim' they say. I'm 'a survivor'. It doesn't matter what they say. When I look in the mirror I'm still that lost girl who trusted the wrong person. That lost girl with a scar on her wrist and pain in her heart. This one is a little darker, but I wanted to try it.[Chapter 3] The tightness in my chest consumes me. My breathing hurried. The dizziness overriding my thoughts as the hyperventilation begins. I can't breathe. I'm drowning. It hurts so much. I can feel it. It's happening again. I remember everything. \" Devotchka\" Please. \" My droogies and I just want a little ultra violence.\" Someone help me. \" Look, she's all poogly now!\" I can't breathe! \" When's it my turn brother?\" I can't wake up. \" Creech all you desire, no one cares about a gloopy one like you.\" My nails dig into my arms dragging over my flesh, Over And Over. Tears burned my eyes forcing reality to go out of focus. 'It's not real' \" Time to filly again right, right?\" I scream it to myself. Please. Anyone? It's too real. I can't decipher reality from memories anymore And I'm Scared. ","Summary":" I never listen. That's always been my problem though. They all warned me. Told me of your devious w"},{"Movie":"Beetlejuice","Title":"Beetlejuice 2: Next Generation","Author":"mysterious888","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13244139","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Chapter 1: Return To Childhood It had been 30 years since the events of Lydia Deetz's almost-wedding. She is now 46 years old, and happily married to her husband, Alex Monroe. The pair have twins. A son and daughter. The twins are 16 years old, and they both share Lydia's iconic black hair with their father's bright green eyes. Lydia and Alex named their son Kyle and named their daughter Rebecca. Alex and Lydia had just moved back to Lydia's childhood home, where she experienced meeting Adam and Barbara, the dead couple who haunted their house and Beetlejuice, a demon she almost married. This is that story. Chapter 2: Childhood Memories Alex pulled up on the driveway of Lydia's childhood home. It looked just like it did during the '80's, of course they were going to refurnish it, a lot. Rebecca and Kyle jumped out of the back-seat of their father's car and slowly walked towards the house's front door. Rebecca wore a black dress with elbow-length sleeves, a black hat resting on her hair, a black choker with a silver heart attached to it. She wore black tights with a pair of black Doc Marten's boots. She dressed like her mother did. Kyle wore a black leather jacket with some black, denim ripped jeans. He had his signature black and white Adidas sneakers on. His black hair had blond highlights in the front, with his signature fingerless gloves on his fingers. The twins were identical in fashion and interests. Chapter 3: The Hauntings That evening, Rebecca had heard noises coming from the attic, so she crept up there. As she picked the lock, she heard talking. The door sprung open as she looked in shock at the two ghosts in her attic, both wearing white sheets. She walked into the attic as she chuckled \"Ghosts wearing white sheets? That's so cliché and so '80's\". Barbara asked \"Who are you?\". Rebecca sighed \"Rebecca. Rebecca Deetz-Monroe\". Adam gasped \"Your Lydia's daughter? We knew your Mom. How is she?\". Rebecca replied causally \"She's good\". Rebecca looked down the stairs, leading to second floor, Kyle ran up the stairs \"Becca, I heard noises, are you alright-\". His words slipped from his tongue as he gawked at the ghosts. He was about to scream, but Rebecca covered her twin's mouth and reassuringly said \"They're not going to hurt us, Ky! They knew Mom in the '80's\". Kyle calmed down and said \"Mom's acting sketchy about something\". He looked at the ghosts \"Do you know?\". Barbara said \"We died in the '80's and then your mom and grandparents moved here and then we hired a ghost, I can't say his name, but he tried to marry your Mother but we defeated him\". Rebecca and Kyle looked at each other and asked, in unison \"What's his name?\". Barbara whispered \"His name is Beetlejuice\". Rebecca accidently blurted out loud \"Beetlejuice?!\". Adam gasped \"That's once...\". Barbara panicked \"Don't say his name!\". Rebecca said, sarcastically \"Beetlejuice, Beetlejuice, Beetlejuice\". There were clouds of smoke and on this small model display of the town, and a miniature man sat in the display, he was very small. He had messed up green hair, paper-white skin with purple around his eyes and green patches across him skin, making his face looks like it was rotting. Like a corpse. Barbara looked at me, seriously \"Don't say his name another 3 times!\". Rebecca scoffed \"What's gonna happen? I'll die?\", she burst out laughing. She thought it was a joke. But she was DEAD WRONG. Chapter 3: 'Till Death Do Us Part Rebecca said, in sarcasm \"Beetlejuice, Beetlejuice, Beetlejuice\". A cloud of green smoke appeared and when it faded, in it's place was the same man in a pinstripe suit. Rebecca screamed as she ran down the stairs with Kyle following her. As they reached the bottom floor, Kyle freaked out \"What are we gonna do?! You just unleashed real-time ghost into our house-\". Lydia and Alex walked in, Lydia looked scared \"Which one of you said his name three times?\", she asked scared. Rebecca slowly raised her hand as Lydia sighed \"You just made a huge mistake-\", everybody stared at Rebecca had a red wedding dress on with a long red veil and red boots, she had long, red gloves with a triangular shaped end to them, in her hands she had red flower bouquet. She was standing next to Beetlejuice, with a zombie preacher in front of the two. As Beetlejuice placed the ring on her finger, the preacher asked \"Do you Rebecca, take this man to be your lawfully wedded husband?\". Rebecca screamed \"NO! BEETLE-\". Beetlejuice's hand covered her mouth with a white glove and chuckled \"She's a little bit nervous. Let me answer for her\". He started speaking in her voice \"I'm Rebecca Deetz-Monroe and I am right of mind, the man next to me is the one I want. You ask me, I'm answering\". Rebecca screamed, but it was muffled. The zombie preacher faced Beetlejuice and asked \"Do you Beetlejuice take this woman to be your lawfully wedded wife?\". Beetlejuice looked at Lydia, Kyle and Alex and said \"I do\". The zombie preacher said \"I now pronounce you husband and wife. You may kiss the bride\". He went to kiss Rebecca, but she turned her head away in upset. She'd made a huge mistake. He chuckled \"Pack your bags, babe. We're going on our honeymoon\". He chuckled as he dragged her upstairs. Part 2 coming soon! - mysterious888 ","Summary":" Chapter 1: Return To Childhood It had been 30 years since the events of Lydia Deetz's almost-weddin"},{"Movie":"Beetlejuice","Title":"I Spy (drabble)","Author":"Mordelle","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13112933","Passage":"[Chapter 1] For orangeplaneta. I've caught my third cold in less than a month. I'm beyond pissed. After being basically bedridden all day, I worked on an idea I had a bit ago. My mind was too addled for writing, and I need to be in the right mood to continue my other fic, so I drew instead and painted a thing. I'm pretty proud of it, but then… after I finished it, I was like \"now what?\" So, I had the itch to write, but not for Ta Hell n' Back. I decided on a drabble instead. After watching Adventure Time one day, I thought, I should totally pull an Ice King and write a fanfic with a role reversal. Then, a certain Beetle Babe (orangeplaneta) fortified that notion by suggesting it as a prompt for some drabbles. So, here is my Fionna and Cake version of Beetlejuice. Hope ya like it! Life was cruel. Death was exponentially unjust. Centuries in solitude did nothing to change the mopey, poltergeist's mind about the unfairness of it all. Lydia Deetz had been lonely and scorned in life, and when she threw herself into the raging waters of an icy cold river in the dead of winter, she had no idea she'd be punished for it. No, an afterlife sentence of civil service for god knows how long, well, that just wouldn't do. No one should have to pay that price. Especially not after already feeling the brunt of life's heel in one's heart. The pain of utter loneliness was punishment enough. A millennium could pass, and Lydia would still attempt, plot, and scheme her way out of her solitary prison. It didn't matter who, she just needed one idiot to exhume her and say her name three times. This couple seemed promising. For some reason, they just wouldn't follow the damn clues she'd left for them. Even after possessing their television set and putting on a clever production for them, they decided on going to the netherworld instead. Losers , she thought as she shook her head and rolled her eyes. They would be sorely disappointed. That was certain. Then, perhaps they'd call when they had no one else to turn to. They would call. Just as Lydia was about to put away her scrying mirror, the door to the attic opened with a click and a creak. A mixture of boredom and curiosity kept her eyes fixed on the handsome young face that peeked its head in. Sixteen at most, with blonde hair, sky-blue eyes, severely arched eyebrows, and an aquiline nose, which may or may not have been broken at some point. A handsome little thing, indeed. He entered with wary yet smug countenance. A grin split his features as he closed the door gently behind him. This boy was trouble, Lydia mused as a smirk tugged at the corner of her lips. The youth's hungry eyes devoured the entire attic space before finally landing on the handbook. The ghost's brow furrowed for a moment as she watched him walk straight for it. No , she scoffed, there was no way he could see it. Lydia scooted to the edge of her recliner and bent over her mirror with wide eyes. Hope and wonderment blooming within her at the prospect of this living boy being able to see beyond the veil. She nearly fell off her seat completely when he picked up the book and opened it, his eyes darting left to right repeatedly, and his jaw going slack. This , Lydia thought with delight, changes everything . ","Summary":" For orangeplaneta. I've caught my third cold in less than a month. I'm beyond pissed. After being b"},{"Movie":"Beetlejuice","Title":"The Mystery Of Lydia Deetz","Author":"Valentine Meikin","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13180407","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: Beetlejuice © Tim Burton. Elements borrowed from Monkeybone © Henry Selick, based on concepts from Dark City © Kaja Blackley. Sailor Saturn © Toei Animation, and all are used without permission. Author's Note: The only element taken from Monkeybone is Dark Town, which is used as a purgatory for the already dead, and it will not feature physically in the story. The timeframe of the story compared to the movie, The timeframe between scenes, and Lydia's age as a result, are left intentionally ambiguous due to plot reasons. I will use Beetlejuice when writing his name informally, and Betelgeuse when it's being used formally. Also, last I checked, It's not bad to use his name liberally, as long as you don't use it quickly in the same sentence. I wish to add that this story would be deader than BJ himself if a random FFn search didn't bring up the possibility the cartoon could be an earlier forgotten meeting between Lydia and himself. When this thought hit this story's premise, it was like a freight train. I finally had my story back. Beetlejuice: The Mystery Of Lydia Deetz Chapter 1: Paging Mr. Geuse... Beetlejuice yawned. He'd accuse them of stiffing him, but he already knew what Juno would say, namely that you can't exactly 'stiff' someone who has already gone way past rigor mortis, and he already had a feeling Afterlife Affairs were having an absolute ball at his expense, having finally got him sent back to the office. This was pretty much a textbook Capone. He'd been got on a minor crime, and they could now do what they liked to him. They weren't even letting him go to his old place, and he knew there wasn't that many deadbeats possible, meaning the real way they were punishing him for what he did was to just sit here for eternity. \"Nine trillion, nine hundred and ninety-eight billion, three hundred and eighty-three million, seven hundred and fifty thousand,\" He read out quietly, musing on the fact they were slowly approaching their one billionth corpse, \"Wonder if that stiff will get an award for being their one billionth customer?\" The head shrinker was long gone, as was the dead-beat who, presumably, tried to jump the line before Beetlejuice. Hell, the entire room had changed a few dozen times in the time he'd been waiting. He'd read every magazine, read the replacements for the magazines, and had finished the replacements for those a few thousand deadbeats ago. He actually knew the corpse who replaced the magazines by name, he'd been there that long. \"Will Mr. Geuse report to Juno's Office. I repeat, will Mr. Geuse report to Juno immediately,\" The intercom stated, \"This is not a drill. She wants to actually speak to Mr. Geuse, so he should get there RIGHT NOW.\" Beetlejuice shrugged, watching as a weedy looking man did indeed get an award for being the one billionth customer. He'd love to know what kind of war bumped up the numbers. \"Ahem, It's not my turn… I think that, depending on war, famine, pestilence and the other guy, I've probably got a coupl'a millenia to wait...\" Beetlejuice quipped towards the intercom. After she'd dealt with the one billionth corpse, Miss Argentina answered the office line. \"Nine trillion, nine hundred and ninety-eight billion, three hundred and eighty-three million, seven hundred and fifty thousand, You're up.\" She stated, before adding, \"She sounds pissed. One billion and one, you're next after him. Sorry for the abrupt change of order. Clerical situation,\" \"There, your turn came up...\" The intercom added, in the familiar voice of Juno, \"SO GET OFF YOUR ASS AND GET HERE NOW!\" \"I get the message… I'm going, I'm going… Jeez, What the hell happened?\" He mused. Something clearly had got their noses out of joint. He began to slowly walk through the offices, ogling some of the less horrifying female stiffs who were having their interviews. He was out of the waiting room, so he was going to make sure Juno waited for him as long as possible. He hated Afterlife Affairs, also known by anyone who dealt with it on a regular basis as Office Hell. If the red tape didn't end up mummifying you in legalese, the constant paperwork would bury you better than any shovel. He'd spent some time here, as part of his sentence for dying, then an even longer stint after his first attempt at bio-exorcism. Someone must have taken exception to his concerned attempt to not get there in a hurry, because his ogling time got cut heavily short, Juno's office door appearing in front of him after only a few minutes. He was even more sure that someone had used a modicum of spiritual power to get him there faster when he noticed Juno's expression. It was happy, almost gleeful. He knew what was coming. Exorcism, probably painfully, what remained of his spirit being barely able to remember his name. All his deals, all the clauses in his bio-exorcism contract were null and void. And that was if he was lucky. He highly doubted that. Juno wouldn't look like that if he had a small chance at surviving. \"Mr. Geuse? You don't mind if I call you that?\" Juno drawled, Beetlejuice swallowing in worry, \"I would use your full name, but we're still trying to find out HOW you put a summoning geas on your name...\" \"It was a deal with Rump-... Ah hell, You know who, Guys an expert on those...\" Beetlejuice stated, Juno nodding with her cheerful facade cracking slightly, and he knew he was cooked, \"But that doesn't matter does it. I'm getting the big E. Exorcism. You wouldn't be so happy to see me if it was anything less, and I know full well I broke several major-ass rules, even a few the ol' firefly hasn't ratified yet...\" Juno scowled, but regained her professional demeanour quickly. \"Please stop acting so familiar with the landlady...\" Juno growled, before, smiling once more, she stated, gleefully, \"Anyway, You skipped Exorcism...\" He was about to ask how you could just skip Exorcism, when it hit him like a ton of bricks. After dusting himself off, Juno eye-rolling, He knew what she meant. They were sending him to the one place nothing on Saturn would have to deal with him. Where his deals meant nothing. He'd not be going to Judge Mental for an exorcism trial. He'd done far too bad a criminal act to get that kind and generous offer. There was only one punishment they reserved for someone who had meddled so severely in a textbook haunting. \"I'm going D-O-W-N...\" He stated, Juno nodding. \"Internal Affairs right now have you up on another Capone,\" Juno declared, gleefully, confirming his earlier suspicions, \"If they find what they expect, and really really want to right now, because of how much you pissed off practically every level of management in the Afterlife, your file gets shredded and you get bounced from here to a plot in Ms. Deetz's psyche, nothing but an echo of your frankly suicidal attempt to cheat the system...\" Capones, named after the mob boss who got stiffed on tax evasion. A relatively minor misdemeanour, but it meant they could investigate even deeper, and prosecute his whole bio-exorcism gig. They only chose Lydia since she was the only person alive and sane who actually had interacted with him in the past decade. There was a raft of physical and mental deaths on his tab, and, if this went to trial, they were going to throw all of them at him. And not metaphorically. \"But, if they don't, THEN It's Exorcism, right? I still broke the rules...\" Beetlejuice stated, turning to head for the door, \"Call me when Judge Mental wants to see me burn...\" \" Un -fortunately, No, It's not...\" Juno groused, Beetlejuice's neck cracking as the fact her demeanour had slipped hit him, \"If they don't, Our esteemed landlady will get you a signed apology for the sandworm, you walk out of that door and you no longer have to deal with Afterlife Affairs for the foreseeable future...\" Beetlejuice was thankful that the dead didn't get whiplash. No-one had ever got a pardon when Caponed, ever. She just stated, if the investigation into this case fell through, and they'd always been able to throw the book at the poor sap, no exemptions, he was getting exactly what he'd wanted. \"A full pardon?!\" Beetlejuice declared, genuinely shocked, \"OK, So, spill... What's got Internal Affairs going for the death sentence or a full pardon as the options?\" \"Right now, three different departments, except Internal Affairs itself, are going over the whole Maitland situation with a fine tooth comb to see who fucked up, where, and how. Your file, as well as that of Ms. Deetz, are currently seized by order of Internal Affairs,\" Juno stated, \"The only people who get to look at them are myself, our esteemed landlady, and that's only because of this interview, and anyone within those departments specifically involved in the case,\" \"Jeez, That'll take them hours... Are they going from the Bl...\" Beetlejuice began, rambling for a moment, then stopped as he properly heard her, \"Wait, Why are they looking through her file? She did nothing wrong...\" He then paused, looking thoughtful, as he considered a few things she might have done for him that weren't exactly legal. \"OK, Maybe she didn't go anything wrong that wasn't my fault to begin with...\" Beetlejuice admitted, \"But her file's clean!\" \"Something's just not right here. She profiled as the classic wrist-cutter. Emotionally distant, immersed deep with the gothic sub-culture. They cleared out the office next door ready for her...\" Juno stated, Beetlejuice nodding as he agreed with her summary of Lydia, until she glared at him with white-hot fury, \"Something… or a certain Some-ONE… changed… EVERYTHING!\" \"She has come off the Suicide List? What the?\" Beetlejuice snapped, genuinely confused, \"Look, the only thing I did was that damn contract, and it blew up in my face… Personally, I blame the Maitlands, the contract wouldn't have processed...\" \"Ah, the contract... Let's see...\" Juno stated, taking out a pair of reading glasses as she drew out a sheet of paper, \"This one piece of paper is why we have so many people looking over it. This is a copy, the originals are in both of your files. Good trick that, however you did it...\" She began reading. \"I, B. Geuse, agree to protect the Maitland Family from exorcism by her parents and friends... Wow, how charitable...\" Juno drawled, \"In exchange, L. Deetz ag...\" Her temper seemed to flare up, and the paper abruptly burst into flames, before a new copy appeared beside her, the file vanishing before she flambed another copy. \"Well, Now I know why Internal Affairs wants you so far down, you'll be a figment of someone's imagination...\" Juno growled, \"You really fucked up making a deal like that...\" \"Yeah, but she blew me off. She got cold feet, because the Maitlands pretty much stated I was scum with a capital-S. Admittedly, When you put it like that, I'd broken the contract pretty much by then. They were half-dead and I was using my juice on them to get them to not to banish me... Didn't expect the lady to bring a fucking sandworm, but that's karma...\" Beetlejuice stated, calmly and with firm conviction, \"So, Breach of contract, minimum. Open-and-shut… Yes, they can throw the book at me over what the contract is, but that's different...\" Juno sighed, getting up and making sure the door was locked, flipping a card on the door to show she wasn't taking any more appointments unless there was an Act Of God. She then paused, before getting out a pen, editing it to change it to 'Even if there was an Act Of God'. \"Here's the big problem, Mr. Geuse… Contracts checked it over, early into the investigation. You had no way to stop them trying to bring back the dead, Hell, if you had, you'd have broken a different set of laws... But you weren't in breach for that. You will get a minor bit of community service, probably a really scummy job in the mortal world for a few years... and the Maitlands will get a fine for the sandworm,\" Juno stated, cancelling out Beetlejuice's faked rigor mortis with an annoyed wave of her hand. \"OK, So the contract part's clean as a whistle... First time for everything...\" Beetlejuice offered, Juno nodding. \"The really annoying part is the Marriage Department. It's why the investigation is stalled. The priest you summoned, yes, he said there were some issues...\" Juno stated, \"When isn't there when a corpse attempts to marry a living person? However, he cannot, for the death of him, be completely sure that he'd not completed enough of the vows to declare you, for all intents and purposes, married… Internal Affairs thinks he's stalling for something, which is why they're busy leaning on him...\" \"Odd for a priest to not want to say something...\" Beetlejuice pondered. \"If that priest finally gets his brain in gear and declares he didn't finish the sentence, nullifying the marriage, You're in Down Town,\" Juno stated, \"Whatever happens though, you've overstepped your boundaries, your bio-exorcism gig is finished. The Maitlands will happily be character witnesses with Judge Mental, and even if he doesn't go for that, you're guilty of the whole thing, you're out of a job...\" \"So, what if the priest DID finish the sentence?\" Beetlejuice stated, knowing quite how many spirits had ended up disappearing for millenia in that strange unreality. \"Off the record, and unofficially, Your criminal record would be erased, your record translated into a really poor career in the mortal world for a while as karma gets to play with your life for a bit,\" Juno stated, \"However, You also get one of the greatest pay-offs ever...\" If he could look any more rigid than rigor mortis, Beetlejuice would do. On one hand, he was looking at several very heavy crimes, like making an illegal contract with a living person, attempted marriage to a living person, several breaches of the bio-exorcism 'contract', which had only been made due to him messing with a town once, and several other things which, added up, would get him sent to the purgatory for those who were already dead, lost in the memories of when he was around, unable to do anything. On the other hand, he was looking at them tearing up his file, the bio-exorcism contract, this one, several other things he didn't want to ever discuss with anyone ever, all of that no longer his problem. He could end up getting fully resurrected, that would depend on how they intepreted things after the contract had been resolved and the paperwork that it created got out of Afterlife Affairs. 50% chance it would happen before Lydia died of natural causes, but he doubted it. However, what mattered was that Juno just told him he might have got away with it. \"One question, before I go back outside and pick up that really long number and wait for Internal Affairs to call me...\" Beetlejuice asked, \"Why are they even doing all this checking?\" \"The reason? It should have put up a red flag, since you made a contract with a living person. You don't interact with the living!\" Juno snapped, \"Anyway, It didn't, which is what's causing the problem. Anyway, Before you go, I've got to ask you some questions... Have you ever haunted or had a bio-exorcism job anywhere near any member of the Deetz family prior to this case to the best of your knowledge?\" \"No,\" Beetlejuice replied, slumping in the chair. Well, might as well get this part of it over with. \"OK, That's good...\" Juno stated, noting something down on a piece of Internal Affairs paperwork, \"Was there any reason you decided to request the deal?\" \"She did it first. She saw me on the Maitland's ruddy town diorama...\" Beetlejuice grumbled. There was then a loud snap, Juno tossing the broken remains of her pen to one side before retrieving a new one. \"Repeat that...\" Juno stated, her tone turning frosty, \"You know the regulations...\" \"I know the regulations, Sheesh... The kid saw me on a model the Maitlands had been working on of the town, We got talking, she wanted in, I wanted out, we made the deal...\" Beetlejuice began, Juno holding up her hand. \"Now I know you're lying,\" Juno stated, \"No living person would make that kind of deal, even a wrist-cutter like she was...\" \"Hell, Juno, she could understand the book, she saw me...\" Beetlejuice sighed, \"Fuck, as I said, I certainly can't remember haunting them, but it sure feels like I did ...\" \" Get me Ms. Deetz's file… NOW!\" Juno snapped. She frowned at the fact it was thicker than any living person's file should be. \" L. Deetz (Geuse?) … How cute. Someone flambé that clerk… Date of first interaction ...\" She read, going to the nearby calendar. Beetlejuice waited as she got up and exited the office. He looked at the calendar. He'd not been gone long, about a year or so. Probably some big disaster happened. He swiped a newspaper and got down to reading. \" HOW COULD YOU FORGET TO CHECK THE DATE?!\" Juno's voice yelled from outside, shaking the windows, for him to look outside, to see Juno looking furious. Clearly something wasn't right in the afterlife. What about the date of his first interaction with her meant Juno was angry at someone else?! ","Summary":" Disclaimer: Beetlejuice © Tim Burton. Elements borrowed from Monkeybone © Henry Selick, based on co"},{"Movie":"Beetlejuice","Title":"Beetlejuice Is NOT the Bad Guy!","Author":"RT Fice","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13093890","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \"Number 108,612,750,001!\" yelled Miss Argentina. The blue-faced college sophomore with a GO BUCKEYES scarf tied extremely tightly around his throat hopped out of his chair and stumbled to the reception window. \"I know whut that's about,\" Beetlejuice snickered salaciously to the young woman next to him on the couch under the giant \"Starving Artist\" Painting (\"NO PAINTINGS OVER $30!\") of waves on a beach. She was flattened from her sternum to her knees, bus tracks imprinted there for all eternity. She remained obliviously fixated on the screen of her smartphone, which had caused her demise, and gave no indication that she'd heard a word Beej had said. Irritated and bored out of his mind, the Ghost With The Most brushed more yellow sand off his red suit-jacket. \"So, I wuz sayin',\" he continued to everyone in the crowded Waiting Room, who were intently ignoring his presence, \"I make deals. It's whut I do . Ya newbies might wanna use my services.\" From an interior jacket pocket Beetlejuice pulled out a handful of business cards and tossed them to everyone in the room. Most fell to the floor. The six-year-old with the charred face, hair burnt to charcoal, and skewered with the stick from an illegal, pyrotechnic firework, picked one up. His equally charred and skewered father slapped it out of his hand. \"Ya got th' Living ruinin' yer Afterlife, ya call me. I get rid of 'em,\" the ghost snapped his fingers, \"like that . Satisfaction guaranteed.\" He leered. \"You ladies might want to remember that. Keep th' number for future reference.\" All the women picked up magazines and shielded their faces with them. \"So there's these newbies, Adam an' Barbara Maitland. Cutesy lovebirds, made me wanna spew. They called me . I was in my office, mindin' my own business, havin' a few brews, y'know, how ya do. I'd left a lil' business flyer in their attic, cuz I saw they had these snobby New York artsy types infestin' their house. Thought they might wanna clear 'em out, y'know?\" \"Number 108,612,750,002!,\" hollered Miss Argentina. The man with the car steering wheel shoved around his neck walked to the reception window, bits of windshield glass falling from his head. \"Lemme emphasize, they called me ,\" said Beetlejuice. \"I showed up an' offered my services. Told 'em my qualifications, which are impressive , if I do say so myself.\" The room's muzak became mysteriously louder. Beetlejuice noticed the receptionist glaring at him. He winked at her. The glass partition slammed shut. \"They were crap at scarin' the Livin', okay? Absolute shit . I gave hubbie an' his wife,\" he smirked, \"I'm a tit man, but the gams on that lady,\" he whistled, \"I gave 'em a preview. The Big Face-Off.\" No reaction from the room. Neil Sedaka's \"Breaking Up Is Hard to Do,\" full orchestration version, whined from the overhead speakers. Beetlejuice's face exploded into the most hideous thing ever seen by the living or the dead. The new arrivals shrieked. The glass partition slammed open. \"You do that again, I call Juno! Compreendo? \" \"Sure, sure,\" the ghost assured her. \"So, when do ya wanna get off , baby? An' I don't mean from wor k.\" He licked his lips. \"Fode-te!\" \"Any time ya want, babay!\" The slam almost cracked the glass window. \" That wasn't enough to convince th' morons,\" Beetlejuice continued. \"They ditched me! An' I made Italian fer dinner, enough fer all of us, an' they blew me off without so much as a,\" his voice became cultured, with perfect diction, 'Thanks ever so much for your time, but we need an interval in which to discuss this proposition, then we'll let you know.'\" His voice returned to its deep, gravelly growl as he added, \" Rude ! Get this: these amateurs tried t' scare th' idiots from their house themselves. So,\" he shot his dirty, lacy cuffs and grinned smugly, \"I gave 'em a Free Demonstration. Really good shit, too.\" \"Watch your language, if you please,\" snapped the charred father, covering his son's ears. \"Hey. Kid.\" Beetlejuice leaned toward the boy. \"Sucks ya died before puberty.\" The father dragged his confused son to the opposite side of the room. \"Number 108,612,750,003!\" the receptionist bellowed. \"Yeah, yeah, whaddaya think that's for?\" Beetlejuice pointed at the Now Serving sign on the wall. He yelled on her behalf, \"NEXT!\" The bullfighter with the horn up his rear waddled to reception. \"ANYway.\" Beetlejuice put his white, patent-leather shoes on the coffee table, atop Better Graves & Gardens magazine. \"I scare the crap outta th' living that they called me t' get rid of, an' they get mad at me !\" He snorted indignantly. \"Wastin' a professional's time!\" His voice became Barbara Maitland's as he quoted, \"'You could've killed him!'\" Normal again, he pointed out, \"I'm a professional ! I know whut I'm doin'! Chicken-livered Chuckie might've had a heart attack, might've broken his leg, maybe woulda ended up in a wheelchair for six t' eight weeks. But I wouldn'ta killed him. I don't want a loser like that hauntin' in my perimeters. Bad enough havin' those Yuppie Maitlands around. THEN th' Maitlands banish me back t' this side an' call me a pervert ! Whut's me bein' appreciative of th' Deetz's daughter got t' do with anythin'?\" \"You're not a pervert?\" asked the elderly woman covered in cat hair. \"'Course I am! But whut's that got t' do with me doin' my job? Speakin' of th' daughter...\" Beetlejuice leaned forward. In spite of themselves, the Waiting Room crowd leaned in an inch. \"This is th' really insultin' part. It's why I'm here . See, th' Maitlands got caught in an exorcism spell one of th' Livin' didn't know how t' control. If any of ya end up hauntin', watch out for assholes like this. They get their warm, stupid hands on some half-cooked,\" he air-quoted, \"'Spiritual Tome,' an' they think they can jerk us dead around like a Starbucks barista. Then when it goes wrong they just shrug an' say, 'Oopsy!'\" \"We can be exorcised ?\" blurted the college girl, who'd actually torn herself from her device and been listening. The ghost replied sourly, \"Don't worry, kid, yer head's not gonna spin around an' puke pea soup.\" \"What are you talking about?\" \"Jesus! Kids t'day! Watch a classic movie, already! ANYway, th' daughter, who's just my type-\" \"WHO ISN'T?\" yelled the typing pool. \"- just my type , she comes runnin', beggin' me t' save th' Maitlands. First, I can tell she's smart, cuz she knows I got juice powerful enough t' halt an' reverse a spell like that. Second, more proof she's smart by acceptin' that we gotta have a deal. I tell her, ya want me t' save them, ya gotta marry me.\" \" What? \" exclaimed everyone in the room. \"It's The Rules.\" Miss Argentina sounded bored. \"See, yer all ready t' blame it on me , when Th' Rules have been around since forever . This is whut I'm talkin' about! I tell this Lydia th' specifics of th' deal. No fudgin', no fine print. Quid pro quo. She's smart, she knows whut she's gettin' into. She says yes.\" \"Oh my gawd,\" said College Girl. \"Yeah, compassion an' sacrifice t' save other people.\" The ghost imitated College Girls' voice. \"Oh mah gawd, I would, like, so not do that!\" His glare silenced any retort she might be considering. \"I save th' Maitlands. I get rid of th' more obnoxious of th' Livin'. SO. I held up my end of th' bargain. I show up in my finest suit,\" he gestured to indicate what he was wearing, \"et voila. Got th' ring, got th' Officiate, all ready fer Lydia to keep her promise, t' hold up her end of th' deal. A deal made fair an' square! No forcin'! No coercion'! I'm happy as hell! Got my girl, who's,\" he clicked his tongue with lewd appreciation, \"an ' I'm all ready t' be out an' free fer good! An' whut happens? \" The room was silent, except for Paul Anka singing \"Having My Baby,\" accompanied by The Romantic Strings Orchestra. \"What happened?\" a first-and-last-time-skydiver blurted. \"Barbara Maitland, y'know, th' one whose Afterlife I just saved, thank you very much, sics a sandworm on me.\" \"A what?\" they all asked. \"Read the brochures!\" yelled Miss Argentina. On the coffee table was a pile of brochures. Sandworms & You: Prevention & Precautions. \"She's ridin' th' damn thing, breaks up my nuptials, an' makes it EAT me!\" \"Ugh!\" they all said, though none of them were clear on the concept. \"Right in front of my beloved bride-ta-be! I was lookin' forward t' one hell of a weddin' night. But instead, my ass is chomped an' I end up here . Again ! That's th' thanks I get!\" \"How'd you get back out?\" asked the six-year-old. \"So now-\" \"Did the sandworm poop you?\" The ghost flicked his hand. Duck tape appeared over the child's mouth. \"So now,\" Beej repeated, as the father tried to wrest the tape from his kid, and then decided he kind of liked it there, \"I got, y'know, these friends, an' these friends pass along this gossip about me-\" \"Merda!\" Miss Argentina stuck her head out the Reception office window. \"You, friends ? It was us you heard talking about it. We are laughing at you. Ha ha!\" \"Th' gossip is,\" said Beetlejuice sourly, \"that I'm th' bad guy ! I'm th' villain! Sure, maybe I'm-\" \"Gross,\" interrupted Miss Argentina. \"Vulgar,\" said the secretary behind her. \"Lecherous. Licentious.\" \"Conniving,\" added the typist next to her. \"Immoral.\" \"They know me so well,\" said Beetlejuice proudly. \"But I am not th' bad guy here! I told th' Maitlands I'd get rid of th' Livin', like they wanted! I didn't name my price, cuz we never got that far. But I gave 'em a free demonstration! And that Lydia, I told her straight up front exactly what I wanted in exchange for what she wanted. I didn't lie. I didn't pressure her. I didn't force or threaten her. She thought about it, an' she decided.\" \"How old is she?\" the elderly woman asked, suspicious. \"Eighteen! An adult!\" \"Seventeen!\" refuted the typing pool. \"Seventeen's old enough t' make up her own mind! Whut, was I supposed t' interrupt her parents' little Shrivel th' Ghosties seance an' ask, 'Scuse me, but yer daughter, a fine young lady of class an' looks, wants me t' stop yer turnin' her friends inta ash. But I need a Parental Release Form t' legally cover my big, fat, dead white ass. Sign here an' here?'\" \"You really saved them?\" asked College Girl. Beetlejuice threw up his hands to indicate that the receptionist should confirm or deny his claim. Miss Argentina sighed resentfully. \"The bastard saved them.\" \"An' they're happily hauntin' their precious house right now, thanks t' me!\" Beetlejuice exclaimed. \"They're besties with th' Deetz's, who were responsible fer them almost bein' urn filler! They've practically adopted Lydia, an' have turned her completely against me! Framin' me as a 'evil demon' who tried t' 'force' her inta unholy matrimony! Which is not only an insult t' me, but t' her for her courage t' do whatever it took t' save them!\" The Waiting Room crowd exchanged glances and murmurs of disapproval. \"But ME,\" the Ghost With the Most snarled vehemently, \" I get stuck here .\" \"The Rules,\" said Miss Argentina, with smirking irony. \"Well, The Rules don't say anythin' about whut I gotta do while I'm waitin'.\" Beetlejuice snapped his fingers. The muzak screeched to a halt. It restarted with a full orchestra, but now with a vibrant, lively calypso beat. The Ghost With the Most's deep, dry voice sang along at the top of his lungs, drowning out Harry Belafonte's mellifluous one. \"Angelina, Angelina, please bring down yer concertina An' play a welcome fer me 'cuz I'll be comin' home from sea.\" The receptionist's glass partition slammed open again. Miss Argentina shouted,\"I'll call Juno!\" Beetlejuice jumped onto the coffee table. While he sang, he yanked off his jacket, twirled it, and tossed it on top of College Girl. \"Well, I've heard th' bawdy tunes I've been in honky tonk saloons...\" He pulled off his clip-on bow tie and threw it at the grandmother in her bathrobe. \"I'll call her, I swear!\" the receptionist threatened. Unbuttoning his vest, then his shirt, Beetlejuice sang, \"I took my liquor by th' vat Well I stayed on call for a rousing brawl Home was where I hung my hat.\" The shirt was off and flying through the air to land on the charred kid. Beetlejuice kicked off his white, patent-leather shoes. Everyone ducked as they soared across the room and bounced off the water cooler. Beetlejuice's hands went to his fly. The new arrivals looked at Miss Argentina in panic. The receptionist huffed. She hit the red button for the Now Serving sign and held it down. The numbers whizzed. She removed her finger. \"Number 9,998,383,750,000!\" she snapped. Beetlejuice's zipper was half-way down when he stopped. He reached into his pants pocket and pulled out the long slip of paper with his number on it. \"Well, whadda coincidence! That's me!\" He hopped off the table. The others covered their eyes as he scooped up his clothes and draped them over his arm, then grabbed his shoes. Beetlejuice paused, his hand on the knob of the inner office door. He turned and looked at the full Waiting Room. In return they blinked at him with confusion, amazement, and some envy. \"I'm not th' bad guy here,\" he stated. He grinned cunningly. \"An' I'm not an idiot , either.\" He winked and was gone. The End ","Summary":" \"Number 108,612,750,001!\" yelled Miss Argentina. The blue-faced college sophomore with a GO BUCKE"},{"Movie":"Beetlejuice","Title":"When the stars align","Author":"The Smart Fish Bob","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13036079","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Beetlejuice sat in front of Juno, disdain for her running through him. \"And what will my punishment be, Juno ?\" He snickered, not afraid of the old woman. \"Your licence to scare will be revoked and you'll be sentenced to five years of community service. Your sentence will end early if you marry,\" Juno paused to take a drag from her cigarette, \"If your sentence ends without you marrying your curse will be set on you again.\" SHe huffed on her cigarette. Beetlejuice sighed, and stood up, and Juno waved her hand. He disappeared. Beetlejuice sat behind a stand. He had the worst job of all, selling scare supplies. No one bought scare supplies. There was no point in his job other than eternal boredom. He had only been doing this for two days and he already wanted to quit. He looked at the inventory. A creepy doll that a ghost could possess, floating knives, powder to let the living see you, and green fire. Nothing good. Beetlejuice could scare people without all this nonsense, or at least, he used to be able to. Now Beetlejuice was a scary as Barbara Maitlands and just as good looking, he thought to himself, fixing his black and white striped suit. Beetlejuice knew he had to get out of the disaster he was in. If marriage was the only way out, then he'd get married. Beetlejuice never got married in his human life. He died at 20 (He aged a bit after he died), he should have gotten married, but he liked to fool around. Beetlejuice prefered being dead over being alive. He didn't enjoy his human life, which is why it ended so soon. He could have lived to 30, which was a good age to die at in the 17th century. Beetlejuice wondered what his life would have been like if he hadn't died so soon. He would have married the young lady he was arranged to marry, had kids, and grown old. That wasn't the life he wanted. Maybe he was better off dead. It had been two years. Beetlejuice hadn't seen another ghost in that long too. Nobody bought scare supplies. For a good reason too. Beetlejuice seemed confused as smoke appeared in the area in front of his stand. Could it be a customer? Out of the smoke tumbled a woman in her twenties. She was tall with long light brown hair and the brightest green eyes he had ever seen. She was wearing a black ball gown that went up to her chin with black heels, black gloves, and a black veil that had been pushed back to reveal her face. Confusion sparkled in her eyes as she looked at Beetlejuice. Beetlejuice was reminded of Lydia Deetz for a moment. \"Uh, what the fuck?\" She muttered, her eyes growing wide. \"When did you die?\" he asked. \"I don't know how long ago, but it was December ninth.\" \"Hmm, today, were you a bad person in life?\" \"Sorta, I got told by this lady named Juno that I need to become a better person before I can haunt.\" Beetlejuice nodded. \"What's your name, doll.\" \"Bellatrix,\" she paused a rolled her eyes, \"Like the star,\" They said in unison. Beetlejuice nodded, \"The name's Beetlejuice, like the star. I'm the ghost with the most, babe.\" Bellatrix nodded, and looked him up and down. \"You didn't die in that, did you?\" Beetlejuice laughed. \"Nah, doll, I died before strips existed.\" Bellatrix chuckled. \"How did you die?\" She asked, looking him over once again. \"I think that is a very personal question.\" Bellatrix nodded, then looked at her outfit. She made a funny face. Beetlejuice chuckled, he could get used to her. \"Morning, doll,\" Beetlejuice said, it was the next day and was interested in getting to know Bellatrix better. She was still in the strange black clothing as before. \"Do I have to wake up? I think I have a hangover.\" Beetlejuice chuckled, and hopped into the bed with her. \"Not a hangover, doll, you're dead.\" He grabbed a snake off one of the shelves and put it next to her. Bellatrix's eyes fluttered open, and Beetlejuice forgot how pretty they were. He had never seen eyes like hers. \"Ew,\" She whispered, looking at him, \"Ever considered a shower? Maybe some cologne?\" He chuckled, \"I could shower, couldn't I?\" She nodded and placed the toy snake on his head. She rolled over, looking again at the outfit she was wearing. \"Did you die in that?\" Beetlejuice asked. \"No, I was buried in it.\" Beetlejuice nodded, \"Reminds me of something my almost wife would wear.\" Bellatrix nodded and chuckled. \"Sounds like you had a fun life.\" \"No, uh, that happened two years ago, that's why I'm here.\" Beetlejuice and Bellatrix nodded. \"Is there a way I could wear something less hideous?\" Bellatrix asked. \"Just think,\" Beetlejuice shrugged and Bellatrix did too. She closed her eyes. In the next moment Bellatrix was wearing blue jeans, a white t shirt, and black combat boots. A dark purple mark circled her neck. \"How did you die?\" Beetlejuice asked, looking at her neck. \"Isn't that a personal question?\" She chuckled, but looked sad. \"I'll show you mine if you show me yours.\" \"Alright fine, you first.\" Beetlejuice chuckled, but his smile faded away. \"I hung myself.\" \"My boyfriend killed me. Made it look like I hung myself.\" Beetlejuice sighed. \"I'm sorry.\" Bellatrix nodded. \"It'll fade, right?\" She asked, rubbing her neck. \"All things do with time,\" Beetlejuice wasn't used to be gentle with someone, and he sighed. ","Summary":" Beetlejuice sat in front of Juno, disdain for her running through him. \"And what will my punishmen"},{"Movie":"Beetlejuice","Title":"Mon âme contre la sienne","Author":"LadyBabylon","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12328961","Passage":"[Chapter 1] « cher journal, La situation deviens des plus catastrophiques... aujourd'hui, ma mère à encore tenté un suicide. Cette situation ne peut plus durer... nous devons nous débarrasser à tout prix de cet affreux type avant qu'elle ne réussisse pour de bon. J'aime beaucoup ma mère. Elle est mon modèle, ma raison d'être différente et de l'accepter... je ferais absolument tout pour elle. Je pourrais même mourir pour elle... J'ai eu beau tout essayer, rien y fait. Il l'emmène dans de stupides spectacles, lui refuse toute tenues trop « sombres » à son goût... mon père, lui, l'aurait rendue heureuse, s'il avait continué à vivre. J'aimerais le rejoindre dans la mort. J'aimerais pouvoir hanter et terroriser la vie de ce pauvre type qui s'appelle lui-même mon « beau-père ». L'éloigner pour de bon d'elle, et de son esprit qu'il à empoisonné. Si seulement je pouvais faire tout ça... Je ne suis qu'une simple mortelle. Mais la mort me fascine tellement... Fin de cette journée. Encore terrible... » L'adolescente au teint affreusement blafard referme son précieux carnet d'un terrible soupir. Une rude voix l'appelle par son prénom sans plus tarder, elle quitte son petit sanctuaire plus communément connu sous le nom de « chambre à coucher ». Le carnet, d'abord tremblant, s'ouvre discrètement sur ses écrit d'aujourd'hui : un rire machiavélique, presque étouffé retentit dans la pièce, alors qu'une planche ouija se tire doucement du coin d'une commode, attérissant devant le seuil de la porte. D'une encre distincte, quelques mots se forment à la fin du message de détresse... « C'est bientôt l'heure du show... » ","Summary":" « cher journal, La situation deviens des plus catastrophiques... aujourd'hui, ma mère à encore tent"},{"Movie":"Beetlejuice","Title":"Come What May","Author":"PhantomPenguin","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12751818","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Well, I can honestly say I never thought I'd be posting Beetlejuice fan fiction-have always LOVED the fandom, but never had the bug to get anything out there. Then I got a bit older, a bit more intrigued by everything atypical (because really, isn't that the trend nowadays) and started shipping BJ/older Lydia hard. So, naturally, I wrote a little blurb as my segue into the fandom-not a full-blown relationship, but enough of a lead-in to satisfy me for the time being. Let me know what you think-I'm always looking to improve, especially when I branch out into a new fandom! Cheers! \"You're studying what ?\" Beetlejuice asked, turning his mouth up in a caustic smile—or, at least what Lydia assumed was a smile. It was rather difficult to distinguish the expression in question when the subject was currently floating upside-down, back against the ceiling. She rolled her eyes. \"Forensic photography, Beej, we've been through this.\" It had been at least a month since classes had resumed for the fall semester of her junior year, and she had finally reached the point where she had run out of core classes to take and was thus forced to orient her life in a specific direction. Gingerly deposited her loaded camera bag on her black comforter, tucking the strap to the side, before shrugging out of her book-laden backpack and unceremoniously slinging it to the floor. The accompanying \"thunk\" indicated a load far beyond the recommended weight, and Lydia scowled at the unassuming object and the tedium it offered before turning her frown to the ceiling. \"You were there when I signed the papers last week to declare my major!\" The poltergeist ran a hand through his green-tinged blond hair, the motion and gravity making it stick out in every direction. Had it been years past, Lydia would have expected an accompanying pile of insects to come raining down to the floor, but her ghoulish friend had been demonstrating a noticeable shift in his hygienic habits as of late (and wasn't that a matter of contemplation for a rainy day). Instead, he flipped upright, shrugging his shoulders and resting his back against the top of the wall so he could pin her with a wounded look. \"I was no such thing!\" he protested earnestly, spreading his arms wide and schooling his expression to one of wounded indignation. Lydia's dark eyes flashed up in an exasperated glare. Freeing her black tresses from the restrictive bun she preferred for long days, she flicked a hairpin in his direction. \"Yeah, right,\" she retorted, snickering as he phased and allowed the pin to fly through him to whack into the opposite wall. \"I saw you riding shotgun in Dr. Anderson's golf cart in the photo he keeps on his desk.\" The poltergeist chortled and then winced, the second hairpin bouncing off his forehead. \"Well, what can I say? Chris and I go way back.\" He flickered out of sight just in time to dodge a third accessory, reappearing on her bed, dangling his legs over the side and folding his hands primly over his knees. \"And really, Babes, if you wanted to photograph dead people all ya had to do was ask.\" He waggled his eyebrows suggestively and slid back against the pillows, kicking his legs out spread-eagle and propping his hands behind his head. It was a measure of the development of their relationship that he took extra care so as not to disturb the very expensive camera resting just beside him on the comforter. \"Mmm,\" Lydia hummed noncommittally, determinedly not thinking about how natural he looked resting on her pillows. \"Not that I don't find you photogenic, BJ,\" she said, a slight flush darkening her pale cheeks (he raised a mental eyebrow and resolved to revisit that interesting reaction) \"but I have to make a living somehow, and I figure the two things I know quite well in life are photography and dead people—so, why not combine them?\" To her ears, it sounded weak, an argument to defend her actions to anyone accusing her of \"giving in to the man\". Her whole life had been structured around her independence, and living to her beliefs regardless of what anyone else wanted. Working in a coffee shop and living in an apartment on campus and taking classes just seemed so mundane. Beetlejuice clearly felt the same. \"Why Lydia, how responsible of you,\" he chirped, his tone a sing-song mimicry of Delia's. He cackled as Lydia cringed. \"Then you can graduate, and get a job, and get married -\" He cut off with a yelp, barely turning intangible in time to dodge the umbrella hurtling towards his head. The projectile hit the pillows and bounced, springing back to the far edge of the mattress and tumbling to the floor with a loud clatter. \"Good aim, Babes, but a little weak on the delivery,\" he chortled, reappearing and lying on his back, perpendicular to the pillows and head dangling so that she was upside-down to his lascivious gaze. \"Missed me, missed me….\" He trailed off suggestively and waggled his eyebrows. Lydia's eyes rolled skyward. \"No,\" she deadpanned, catching the strap of her camera bag and depositing it on the floor. \"Budge up, Beej,\" She rested her palm against the back of his head, nudging him right-side up. He righted himself with an exasperated groan, scooting over so that he lay on his back on one side of the bed. Lydia nudged his side in wordless thanks and flopped unceremoniously onto the comforter beside him, resting her head against the headboard and closing her eyes. \"Hey now,\" the poltergeist's eyes were surprisingly tender, \"why the long face?\" He cackled and shifted his shape to match his statement. Lydia groaned and reached up to swat his now-hairy nose. \"No horse head right now,\" she intoned, not even bothering to open her eyes. Beetlejuice blew a loud raspberry, and Lydia giggled despite herself as it ended in a loud whinny. \"Party pooper,\" he muttered, shifting back to his normal form. \"I'm just exhausted,\" she sighed, slumping even further down onto the pillows. \"Class first thing in the morning, photo lab through lunch, tutoring those teenaged brats in the afternoon in English, then work at the coffee shop until close. My day starts at six and ends at midnight, and my 'free time' is just playing catch-up on all my assignments.\" She scrunched farther down the headboard and flung her arm over her eyes. \"I know it's worth it in the long run, but I can't see the why of it now.\" Beetlejuice scoffed under his breath and shifted into a seated position, slinging an arm around her shoulders and drawing her into a haphazard embrace. \"School's overrated, Lyds,\" he consoled her, doing his best to ignore the simple feeling of rightness that flared in his gut as she sighed and nestled into his side, burying her face against his pale neck. \"School is my ticket to a job ,\" she retorted, lips tickling his green-tinged skin. He laughed outright at that, the raucous guffaw a sharp contrast to the gentle way his hand was now combing through her long black tresses. \"The same way those insipid assholes in your classes will use their degrees? If a single one of them actually does something besides marry some self-serving suburbanite moron and pop out a few squalling infants I'll eat my damn suit.\" Lydia giggled, snuggling in closer to his side. \"True,\" she demurred, \"but shouldn't that just be further motivation for me to persevere and prove them all wrong?\" \"Prove them all wrong?\" he mimicked, chirping out the words in a forcibly cheerful voice. \"Ugh, fine, if you must,\" he rolled his eyes, slipping back to his typical gravelly tone. \"You'll put them all in their places, babes,\" he said. She didn't answer, and he turned his head to peer down at her. Lydia was sound asleep, head pillowed on one hand, her free arm flung haphazardly across his stomach, her head nestled into his side. Beetlejuice shook his head, his heart—or whatever he had that passed as a heart—giving a not-altogether-unpleasant lurch. \"What am I gonna do with you, Lyds?\" he asked, cupping her check in his free hand. He'd spent the majority of the last six-hundred years exploring the various phases of inebriation, black fury, and gleeful destructive rage (and sometimes all three simultaneously); this whatever it was that seemed to possess him and tug at emotions that should not exist was an altogether foreign thing. Somewhere in the span of the last eight years Miss Lydia Deetz had come to mean something to him. Hell, the fact that they already regarded each other as best friends (even he could not be so callous to deny the kid that once he reappeared and they made their peace, all those years ago) was more than he would have ever expected. And, hadn't that been a surprise? He'd come back raring for a fight, teeth bared and figurative guns blazing, and the kid had just scoffed and offered him a trip to the haunted trail she was going to deride. Three hours later, they'd established a bare-bones truce that somehow managed to mutate into actual friendship (aided and abetted by a few zombies, several ghastly ghouls, and a delightful afternoon spent burning some of Delia's most prized sculptures). Those two married, meddling idiots hadn't liked that little development one bit, but they once they realized Lydia actually liked spending time with him there wasn't too much they could really do. Plus, then they'd gone and gotten themselves moved on in record time and left him with a weeping teenager and a whole bucket of fucking annoying guilt that alcohol just couldn't eradicate. This, though—whatever this was, that took over his emotions whenever he was around her and caused him to feel things he hadn't thought about since he was a breather — this was a recently-observed development. There was something more to it all now, and he knew it well. His brow furrowed at the uncomfortable thought; it brought up far too many questions to which he had no answers. He shifted experimentally, thinking that perhaps certain thoughts were best left unthought, and in the company of a bottle of the Neitherworld's best (or worst, depending whether or not you valued liquor by taste or its ability to intoxicate you) whiskey. He could have simply disappeared, of course, or phased through the bed, but Lydia would surely awaken at the sudden disappearance of her unwitting pillow. \"Beetlejuice…\" Voice heavy with sleep, she murmured to him from the world of dreams and burrowed more closely into his side, the arm at his waist sliding up to his clutch his chest. She was soft in her sleep, her pale brow smooth and unfurrowed, the worries of the day erased as she dreamed. He heaved a sigh of only slightly-legitimate resignation. \"Make this impossible for me, babes, why dontcha?\" he harrumphed, conceding temporary defeat and settling back against the pillows. He grasped the hand on his chest and carded the other through her thick hair, allowing himself to drift off to that state of semi-awareness that passed for his version of sleep. They made an odd pair, the ghost and the girl. His darkness to her light, her darkness to his light. Somehow, though, they worked, and to Beetlejuice, that was honestly all that fucking mattered to him. Let the damn future bring on what it may—for once, he could actually see one on the horizon. ","Summary":" Well, I can honestly say I never thought I'd be posting Beetlejuice fan fiction-have always LOVED t"},{"Movie":"Beetlejuice","Title":"The Graveyard Debacle (drabble)","Author":"Mordelle","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13047614","Passage":"[Chapter 1] It is safe to say that pranks are hardly ever any fun for the one being pranked. The argument could be made that this why they're so funny. The longer the victim of a prank is wound up over the jest, the more hilarious it is. Even more so when there are witnesses. The more the merrier. When the prankster is a poltergeist, however, there are hysterical pros as well as unfortunate cons. For example, there is nothing a ghost who has mastered the manipulation of physical matter can't accomplish. However, it is almost impossible to take credit for any high jinks unless breathers can see or hear you. It is for this reason that Betelgeuse took to harassing Lydia's parents primarily. Delia, although a bit trickier to startle than initially anticipated, would scream so incredibly loud and shrill that it was comparable to nails on a chalkboard. That grew old. Quick. The Maitlands were prone to retaliation- at least Barbra was- and the wicked ghoul knew better than to mess with that sandworm lovin' bitch. Adam's reactions were pedestrian, barely worth his time. Lydia, however, was a perfect target. Most of the time, he could hardly get a twitch out of her, which made those times that he was able to scare the unholy hell out of her absolutely delicious. Betelgeuse usually upped his game in October. The closer to Halloween, the dirtier his tricks became. Every year it became harder and harder to achieve success with his little stoic lover. This time of year inspired something strong and resilient in her, but that never stopped him from trying. Last year's brilliant plan managed to draw some terrified screams from her. The evil bastard had feigned an exorcism, putting on a great show too. Fading from sight, mouthing silent pleas and professions of love as his poor dark-haired saint cried and sobbed from utter fear and grief. This earned him an entire month's banishment. Betelgeuse would not be trying anything like that again. No, tonight he would stick to a practical plan and go for surprise rather than trauma factor. Lydia had mentioned something about buying feminine products at the pharmacy and maybe taking some pictures on the way back. There was no way he would follow her to get her intimate unmentionables and she knew that. It was perfect. He knew he could catch her unawares on the way back home and he would bet his afterlife that she would go through the cemetery. And so, there is where Betelgeuse lied in wait; non-corporeal, sleazing around the graveyard with a perfect vantage point from his position in a bushy tree. It took a while, but his patience was rewarded when the sound of a bicycle on gravel ground its way through the dirt path she always took. He knew he couldn't get too close or she would sense him so. He refrained from movement and kept his stare slightly askance on the off chance she might feel his gaze. Excitement bubbled within when he noticed her stop and dismount. The bike fell to the ground and Lydia crouched hurriedly to retrieve a plastic bag from the basket. Something was off. For one thing, Betelgeuse knew she would never treat her delicate vintage so callously. She was always careful with it, treating it like a sentient being with feelings. It was also odd how frantically she tore the bag apart. Curiosity piqued, the ghost put his plans aside in order to see what had his demure lover in such a state. When Lydia finally stood, she had a small box in one hand and what appeared to be a folded up piece of paper in the other. What are you up to, babe, the creeper wondered, unable to discern too much from where he was hiding. In seconds, Lydia was unfolding the paper until it completely obscured her face. That was a big instruction manual for something that came in such a tiny box. The plot thickened when his lover dropped the paper to the ground, revealing her worried face and heaving shoulders. Betelgeuse swore to himself when she disappeared into the woods with the evidence, leaving him to sit and wait for her return. Only a few minutes before Lydia emerged from the thicket, anxiously approaching a tall gravestone. She dropped the paper and the box to the ground, very gently laid a small white stick on the head of the stone, and checked her watch. She started to pace in front the grave with her arms crossed over her midsection, muttering under her breath, but it was not until she sobbed aloud that everything finally clicked for the Ghost with the Most. Holy fuckin' shit , he thought as his eyes widened in surprise. Is she… pregnant?! His mind raced with other excuses and possibilities but always returned to the same obvious conclusion. Lydia thought she might be pregnant. That thing lying so innocently on the gravestone was a goddamn pregnancy test! It was impossible to decipher which intense feeling came first for the poltergeist. At one point he had settled on something close to adoration for the woman until he realized very suddenly and horrifically that he… could not be the father. It was not often that Betelgeuse experienced anything close to feeling sick, but in this moment, he had the distinctive urge to vomit as his dead heart plummeted into his gut. No, he reeled, no, she couldn't… would never… A familiar sensation started to crawl up his spine and into his muddled brain. Rage. A snake of jealousy slithered through his mind in the form of visions of his beautiful, innocent soulmate in the arms of another. Blinding hatred began to boil his long-drained blood when he imagined her face touched with pleasure as she writhed beneath another man. A man . A mortal, living, breathing, man. That thought, which should have only fueled his fury, diminished it into utter despair. This is where he would always fail. This is where he was lacking. The subject of his inability to procreate was a topic which he always expertly avoided when she tried to bring it up in the past. Now the colossal problem was biting him in the ass in the shittiest, most epic way possible. How could he blame her for betraying him? She had been so young when he had attached himself to her, his greed and ego stealing away any kind of normalcy from her promising life. Still, this truth did nothing to quell his aching fucking heart. He wanted to cry, rip into his chest, throw himself at her feet and demand to know why she had done this to him. Why she couldn't have just told him she'd grown bored of him, didn't love him anymore, wanted to live her life . Unless , he thought with a sliver of hope, she was just experimentin'. That was something he could understand. He would still be incredibly pissed and feel a pressing need to extract some form of revenge but ... a young woman, hormonal, wanting to experiment before making her final choice? Hell, he had experimented plenty when he was alive and even more so when he was dead! Who was he to deny that to her, the woman he loved more than anything on any plane of existence? So long as she chose him in the end. He had been around long enough to know that she was the only one for him. All he needed to do was convince her that he was the only one for her! It would not take him six hundred years to do that. Oh, no sir! All he needed to do was up his ante and decimate the breather that dared touch what was undoubtedly his. But first… first, Betelgeuse needed to know what in the flying fuck that test was going to read. If ghosts could sweat, he would have been soaking through his clothes. Still frozen up in the tree, Betelgeuse waited on unnecessarily bated breath while Lydia checked her watch for the zillionth time, nearly exhumating the unfortunate corpse beneath her incessant pacing. How long had it been? A minute? Ten seconds? An eternity? Jesus fuckin' Christ on crutches! How long do these fuckin' things take?! Finally, Lydia launched herself at the test and hovered over it. Rooted to the ground, wide-eyed with flared nostrils, she let out a breath and squeaked… \"Oh no.\" Oh no, his inner voice mimicked. Oh god, no. \"What the fuck,\" she breathed, barely a whisper. \"Oh my god. What the fuck?!\" She yelled, frenzy taking over. \"YEAH, WHAT THE FUCK?!\" Betelgeuse bellowed back, no longer able to keep his composure. Upon sighting him, Lydia whitened to a ghostly shade that he didn't know she was capable of producing. He dropped from the tree and physically charged right for her, not bothering with manifestation. Instinctively, the adulteress backpedaled and cowered before him as he lunged for the damning white stick. Lydia brought her hands behind her back, denying him access to the answer he needed to see with his own eyes. \"GIVE THAT FUCKIN' THING OVER RIGHT-THE-FUCK NOW, LYDIA or I- swear -on-ma-own-goddamn GRAVE IN WALES! IMMA FIND THE PRICK WHO KNOCKED YOU UP, and make sure he ends up in that forsaken waitin' room WITH HIS OWN COCK DOWN HIS THROAT!\" A small sob escaped her as she collapsed at his feet. The pregnancy test was offered up with trembling hands. He ripped it out of her grasp and brought it close to his face, eyes hungry and full of wrath only to find black letters scribbled across it in dark permanent marker… GOTCHA Frigid and expressionless, he stared unblinkingly at the offending piece of plastic. How long he stood there was a mystery but when he finally heard a click and a puff , his eyes slowly met his wife's. Lydia was leaning casually against the gravestone, smoking a cigarette, face blank, giving nothing away. For a long moment they stared at one another, both unspeaking. Then, she stubbed out the cherry without once breaking eye contact and, very suavely, picked up her bike and walked away. When she reached the threshold of the cemetery gates, she gazed over her shoulder, right at him. The slightest of smirks twitched at the corner of her evil little mouth before she mounted her bike and pedaled away. The comical, dumbfounded look etched into his features morphed into relief before settling onto one of pure awe. They were definitely made for each other. Of that, Betelgeuse was certain. ","Summary":" It is safe to say that pranks are hardly ever any fun for the one being pranked. The argument could"},{"Movie":"Beetlejuice","Title":"Dead men can't feel, can they?","Author":"P3aceTrain","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12206455","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Lydia closely examines the page of her journal, while sitting cross-legged on her unmade bed. There are just a few unscented candles lit on top of her vanity and near her on the nightstand. She has been lighting candles for years in the house and still Delia nor her father have yet noticed, but not realizing that is a good thing for Lydia. Her attraction to candles and their flames are powerful; the flame is like a trapped soul begging to be set free but yet it just dances there, fighting so hard to break away. It burns because it's strong and it's powerful like Lydia. She raises her eyes up from the cursive words across the cream colored page and gazes over towards the open window. She stares off into the distance, gets momentarily lost in the warm arrangement of colors in the sky and licks her chapped lips, grabbing her pen from beside her leg and begins to write again. The young teenager reads over what she has written, taps the tip of the pen over her tights covered knee in thought and starts to add more to her mildly dark short poem. For the first time in a very long time, Lydia isn't sulking or silently crying to herself about how tough her 16 years of life has been so far; she is actually writing a poem about a certain poltergeist. Sure Lydia has only seen him once, well, twice actually when he nearly killed everyone disguised as that weird snake-thing but something about him is very strange and unusual and, ( excluding that snake-thing, which terrified the hell out of her ), Lydia is completely in love with the strange and unusual. Scooting back to the headboard, Lydia leans back into it while re-reading her writing with her knees bent forward. She swallows and furrows her dark brows. \"Hm,\" a soft questioning sound goes off behind her thin lips as she begins to cross out a few words that have irritated her. Her poem isn't dirty by any means but who knows what that ' beetle ' guy will think about it whenever she gets the chance to show it to him. Would that-that ghost guy even care? Should Lydia even waste her time writing something for someone who isn't even alive? With a groan the young teenager tears out the page and crumples it up, tossing it across the very dim lit room. Beyond her bedroom door, down the hall, Lydia can hear her father and Delia arguing about something and it's usually over something very silly. Lydia rolls her eyes at the muffled voices and hops off the bed, walking over to the only window. The autumn breeze is cool and whistles passed her ears and dances through her black hair, zig-zagging between each individual bang. A barely visible smile appears on her thin lips and she leans forward, peeking out of the window. She closes her eyes and drifts off into another world until a loud CRACK breaks her away from her fantasy world. Her fingers dig into the wooden window sill and she turns around, feeling sudden irritation kick in. Lydia can only hope it had been one of Delia's ugly sculptures that made that loud banging sound. With a sigh, Lydia opens up her door to a tiny crack, just enough for her to peek through and see what's going on. Delia speed walks down the hall into her father's study and Lydia sees her father chasing closely after her. Lydia still can't understand what it is that had attracted those two together in the first place. The young teenager closes the door and turns around, staring at her unmade bed. Another sigh passes her lips as she wanders on over to the said bed and starts to unwrinkle the sheets before laying them across the bed in place. Lydia wanders up into the attic. She takes note right away that Adam and Barbara are no where up here and she closes the door with a click and turns back around to gander once again at the well made model of Winter River. Lydia is curious and confused about the 'beetle' man living in the said model and she walks over to it and sets her fingertips down onto an empty space on the fake grass. It's a little pokie underneath her fingers but it doesn't bother her none. Her dark eyes scan the model quite anxiously, leaning herself closer into it. Lydia is careful with her weight as she bends her knees and squints, trying to get a better look, in search of that weird looking man. Out from the corner of her eye, Lydia spots the 'beetle' man and jumps at the sight of him, leaning back to where she once was, removing her hands from the model. The ghostly looking man is dressed from shoulders to toe in black and white and it really makes him stand out in the faux version of Winter River. Licking her lips, Lydia crosses her arms behind her back and leans over the model again, eyeing the stripe wearing poltergeist. He's gazing up at the teenager, sitting on top of his own tombstone. He begins to pick at his yellow, nasty teeth and gives Lydia a smile with a not so surprising wink. \"Ready to release me babes?\" the ghost asks teasingly in his unique gravelly voice. Lydia sighs and leans back, staring at everything but the Winter River model, thinking. There are sudden footsteps coming up towards the attic and the sound makes Lydia nervous; she swallows the ball of spit on her tongue, stares down at the miniture ghost man and coughs, standing with her back erect and her shoulders back. Beetlejuice looks at her with a questioning look. He steps off the tombstone and scratches at the back of his neck. \"Do it,\" Beetlejuice demands, his distinctive voice booming. Lydia readies her lips by rubbing them together and says his name one last time. \"Beetlejuice,\" Lydia says it for the third time and suddenly the miniture ghost man isn't at all miniture anymore. She turns her head to the right and he is standing there, tall with an unattractive beer gut. Lydia swallows a bundle of nerves and takes a step or two back at the sight of the poltergeist; the closeness of the two of them gives her a chance to examine his facial features and the mold that has grown on him in certain spots. Lydia is too distracted with Beetlejuice that she doesn't notice that Barbara is right behind her, with an expression that's definitely more surprised than Lydia's. \"LYDIA!\" Barbara's voice knocks Lydia out of her everlasting trance and the young girl spins around but Beetlejuice grabs a hold of her forearm and his secure grip tells Lydia that he is not going to let go any time soon. The teenager is trapped between two otherworldly beings, just one being more powerful than the other. Lydia turns her head in Beetlejuice's direction and her lips open a little. Barbara then grabs onto her other forearm but doesn't pull. Why do annoying things like this always happen to Lydia? The two ghosts stare at one another and Lydia looks back and forth between them, noticing their different expressions. \"Let her go!\" Barbara demands and this time she pulls teenage Lydia into her, but the action doesn't release Beetlejuice's hand from her. The creepy poltergeist snickers and copies Barbara's execution, but since he is a lot stronger than her, Beetlejuice pulls Lydia from the older woman's grip, allowing Lydia to crash into him. The young girl wiggles her nose at the sudden smell coming from Beetlejuice and coughs, stepping away from him. Barbara doesn't bother to reach out for Lydia again, the girl is not her daughter but she's afraid of what will happen to her in the hands of Beej. Beetlejuice snaps his icy cold fingers and a lit cigarette appears between his lips. Lydia looks back and forth between them again, crossing her arms. \"So, what was the reason the two of you were fighting over me?\" Lydia asks, looking up at Barbara then Beetlejuice, who she is actually seeing in full form for the first time. Beej simply expels all of that lung damaging smoke, while eyeing Barbara like some type of predator. Lydia furrows her brows and punches the dead man in the arm, not worrying about the consequences for doing so. \"Ouch!\" Beetlejuice whines, with an ugly frown and tosses his cigarette aside, rubbing the heel of his palm against his sore arm. Lydia snickers a little bit and turns to Barbara. \"I know you are just looking out for me but could you just leave me alone, you are starting to act just like Delia,\" Lydia admits, and on the final part of her sentence, her voice suddenly dies and she stares down at her two tights covered feet. Lydia doesn't want to hurt Barbara in any kind of way but she wants her to understand that she isn't a little child anymore; she wants to do whatever her heart desires, of course, nothing too terrible but what is so wrong about wanting to be inside that Winter River model? It will give Lydia the chance to finally get away from Delia and roam the entire town of Winter River freely with little to no consequences. The thought of it makes her smile but it fades after she turns her eyes back up to gaze at Barbara. \"I'm sorry Lydia, I had no idea that I was treating you that way,\" the brunette haired ghostly woman says carefully, picking at the underside of her nails. The air between the two of them has gone completely silent and still, well, until Beetlejuice puts one of his arms over top of Lydia's shoulders, holding her against him. \"You better be sorry, babes, now, I think it's about time for me and this little babe to get outta' here,\" Beej informs the two women, and the closeness of him causes Lydia to shiver. His breath is ice cold and rank. Lydia waves her hand in front of her face to blow away the nasty smell of the poltergeist's breath. Barbara opens her mouth and stands up straight as if she is waiting to say something but nothing comes out. \"If you are going to take her from me then please let me pick the place where I want you to be?\" the older woman reclaims her voice and says, looking deeply into Beetlejuice's green eyes. The bio-exercist cocks his head and raises a brow. He's waiting to see what this woman has on her mind. \"Take Lydia to the model, at least there I can check up on her and besides, I am not going to let you roam earth causing destruction, I just won't do that,\" Barbara tells Beetlejuice and crosses her arms, making sure he can identify the tone in her voice and the dominance in her body language. The ghost rolls his eyes and drops his forehead onto Lydia's shoulder sighing as well as surprising her. With a moment to think, Beetlejuice raises his head up and nods his head childishly. Lydia watches as his wild hair moves with every movement of his and she mindlessly reaches out to touch it. Both Beetlejuice and Barbara don't take note of Lydia's action and once she pulls her hand back down to her side, the two otherworldly beings are staring at her. \"You know what to do now, babes,\" both of Beetlejuice's cold hands grab onto her shoulders and he shakes her a couple times. Lydia swats at him and looks over at Barbara one last time before parting her lips to say that infamous name. . Within seconds of saying his name for the final time, Lydia is standing on the fake rubber grass of Adam's lovely model. Beetlejuice is a few feet ahead of her, scratching his head while bending over to pick up unknown things from the ground. \"Whoa, this is amazing,\" Lydia says silently to herself with a smile, practically turning herself slowly into a circle, skimming her eyes over everything. Every building, every street lamp and every street looks just like the real thing; she is astonished. Beej wanders back over towards her with two hands full of beetles and spiders. Lydia looks down into his hands and jumps at the sight. Beej gives her a funny look and chews three at a time, not bothering to close his mouth as he does so. \"I thought you'd get a kick out of these crawly things, considering most emo girls like this shit,\" he says to the young girl nonchalantly and begins to eat a few more from his hands. Lydia isn't an 'emo'. She considers herself 'dark' and very 'mysterious', not somebody who cries 24/7 and cuts themselves. Lydia is bothered by his perception of her but she lets it slowly roll off her shoulder and continues to cringe at what and how he's eating. \"Sooo, what do you do here?\" Lydia comes out and asks, feeling a little wave of nervousness splash over her as she crosses her arms. Beetlejuice raises his head from the palms of his hands and looks at her with a toothy grin, bug remains poking out from his teeth. \"I don't do shit here on this model but what I DO do down below can be quite entertaining...sometimes,\" the ghost with the most acknowledges her with a calm tone of voice, wiping both of his hands onto the sides of his pants. Lydia watches him fix his black tie and blow a wad of snot from his one nostril to the side. She cringes again but afterwards, a smile is showing softly on her lips. How come Barbara and Adam don't want her near this ghost? Sure he's gross in a lot of ways but he has a good sense of humor and he hasn't displayed any kind of inappropriate feelings towards her so that's good. She's just dying to know the reason why she shouldn't see him. The unknown has always sparked her curiosity. \"What do you mean 'down below'?\" Lydia asks again, stepping closer towards Beetlejuice, who is smoking another cigarette, levitating crosslegged. What the hell? Everything this ghost has done so far surprised the hell out of young Lydia but seeing him levitate is beyond amazing. The man turns his head quickly to look at Lydia and his lips curve up at one side of his mouth. That's quite the devilish look he's giving her. \"Let me just say this, a girl like you would NOT make it down below okay, so you are safe just standing there, wondering mindlessly around this cheap fucking model,\" Lydia doesn't mind his cursing and she absolutely admires the constant movement of his arms when he tries to make a point or is speaking in general. Lydia watches him flick his second cigarette ahead of himself and he continues to levitate, leaning over into his lap, staring blankly ahead. \"Um, can-can I climb on top of you?\" Lydia asks and instantly recognizes the hot wave of nerves crash into her face. Lydia doesn't want to look at him any longer so she stares down at the fake grass. Beetlejuice perks up at her choice of words and hurries to outstretch his arms and legs. Now he is just floating a couple inches from the ground but the sight of it continues to knock the sound out of Lydia. \"Come over here then and grab my hand,\" the ghost man says softly to the young girl, firstly clearing his gravelly voice. Lydia looks back up at him with a little smile and does as she's told. The air around them is cool but it's not bothersome. Lydia stares up at Beetlejuice and reaches for his hand, taking note of all of his wrist watches and his one gold ring. His fingernails are dirty and long but she continues to reach for his hand and latches on. His palm is very cold and gives her sudden goosebumps but she is immediately distracted by the temperature of his hand when he pulls her up into his arms and holds her like a toddler at the hip. Lydia now understands how intimate this is and how badly Beetlejuice must be struggling to hide the awkwardness but he doesn't let her go and she grabs on tighter to his shoulders, trying to keep her focus on the rest of the model. Coughing, Beetlejuice looks over at Lydia and smiles almost unnoticable. He is confused by his own emotions right now and when he smiles at the young teenager with such sincerety, it makes him suddenly weak and they both fall together. Lydia raises her head from the ghost man's chest and stares down at him with a surprised set of eyes. Beetlejuice on the other hand just folds his arms behind his head and snickers. \"I had no idea you liked dead guys haha,\" he teases with a harmless wink and chuckles as Lydia bounces while his stomach rises and falls with each seperate chuckle that passes his lips. The young teenager shakes her head and removes herself from him, ultimately wanting to take back asking him in the first place. Lydia lets her arms fall still at her sides and raises her head up to the fake but well made stars. Beetlejuice stands up and brushes himself off, straightening the lapels of his jacket and he pulls a tickling bug from behind his ear. He bites the head first and then swallows the rest whole. Turning to see Lydia, Beetlejuice swallows a bit nervously just by watching her stand there gazing curiously at all the model has to offer for a young girl. Something, he can't figure out what, is very different about her. She's human, that's one and her interaction with him so far is certainly something that has surprised him. No woman, in fact, no girl her age, in their right mind would even think about calling out Beetlejuice's name. The young girl ahead of him wants to know more about him and that truly means a lot to the creepy dead man. Beetlejuice continues to follow close behind Lydia; walking through the cemetary, he would levitate and once they found a spot to sit down, he would just keep his feet planted on the ground. He enjoyed messing with people, especially Lydia, who actually enjoyed being toyed with by Beej. Lydia sits down with her legs at her side and she grabs the hem of her black dress and pulls it down her thigh. Her eyes are directed ahead of her, staring at a faux dead tree but after a while of blankly staring, Lydia moves her eyes to the side and catches Beetlejuice's stare as she continues to pull the hem of her dress down. Just a little part of her feels grossed out after finding him staring but the rest of her feels a prick of excitement and shyness. Beetlejuice is soo nasty and cocky with a crude sense of humor but Lydia believes that is something that she is very attracted to. Lydia has been around guys her age before; when she lived back in New York, they were all over the place, but she didn't find herself attracted in any way towards those young men. Not a single one. Such blah personalities with a prude sense of fashion. The poltergeist ahead of her is someone she wouldn't mind being around all the time if she was being honest. Letting go of the hem of her dress, Lydia turns her head towards Beetlejuice who is again lounging on top of a tombstone, picking at the tips of his black boots. She has a question she is curious to hear the answer to. The young girl stands up and licks her lips, making her way over to Beej. His head doesn't perk up when she stands before him and she knows that he can see her. \"I have a question for you,\" Lydia begins and the sound of her voice captures his attention and he cracks a goofy smile once their eyes meet. \"Sure, shoot!\" Beej replies and jumps off the tombstone, now sitting with his back against it, locking his fingers together. They both stare at each other and Beetlejuice's smile gets bigger. Lydia swallows another hard bundle of nerves and inhales deeply, completely forgetting to exhale before she starts again. \"Well, I was wondering, since you are dead, do you have a wife?\" her forehead gets hot as well as her cheeks after realizing what she sounded like after asking that question. Her hands are still at her sides but she anxiously plays with the hem of her dress, awaiting Beetlejuice's answer. His expression gets soft and his smile vanishes but it doesn't seem to Lydia that the question has bothered him too much. \"Hm, interesting question, well I used to be married but certain things played out that ended up in us splitting up you know, so no, I am not a married ghoul, why do you ask babes?\" Beetlejuice answers her strange but perfectly normal(?) question, and bends his knees up to the attic celing, resting his arms on top. Their gazes are still locked and Lydia can't help but nibble and chew lightly on the inside of her cheek, thinking of a response to give him. \"I am not married but I do get laid every once and a while, and no I don't have a 'girlfriend',\" Beetlejuice breaks the sudden silence and quickly quotes the word 'girlfriend'; it seems that that word doesn't sit well in his mind and Lydia snickers, hiding it with one of her hands. Maybe she snickered because of thought of a dead man like him getting laid is pretty funny or maybe because of the way his voice sounded at the word 'girlfriend'. Lydia continues to snicker now using her other hand to hide it. Beetlejuice gives her a questioning look and he is quick to stand up. \"Why are you laughing?\" the moss covered ghoul barks while trying to keep his voice low and he snaps his fingers, sucking on another cigarette. The teenage girl bends to her knees; she is breaking down from all of her laughing, completely covering her mouth the best she can with both of her sweaty hands. The ghost growls at the sight of her practically crying from laughing so hard, and at what? Is him getting laid once and a while that funny to her or is she laughing because he doesn't have a girlfriend? Beetlejuice stomps his way over to Lydia and yanks her up to her feet by one of her shoulders. The girl is still laughing but it's not as powerful as it once was when she was on her knees. Beetlejuice holds his cigarette between his teeth while using his unoccupied hand to pull away Lydia's hands from her face. He exhales from his nose and Lydia shivers at the contact. He notices the tears and the flushed cheeks. \"Oh for fuck sakes, what was so damn funny?\" Beej raises his head to the attic for only a minute and returns back to her watery gaze, completely forgetting that he still has her small hands in his one. She's warm and soft. The differences in their body temperatures shocks the both of them and Lydia looks down at her hands cradled inside his, lightly wiggling her thumb to get a good feel of Beetlejuice's mossy hand. Lydia's eyes are lost in the ticking wrist watches on Beej's wrists, watching the little skeleton hands tick tock back and forth and while she stares off into the faces of Beetlejuice's watches, he stares at her, no, examines her. He doesn't want to let her hands go, at least not yet. The beating pulse in her palm welcomes him and he can't seem to get enough. Her face is round, pale and colorless but her peach lips and big brown eyes make up for that, which isn't anything bothersome. Beetlejuice is dead, he is definitely sure of that, but Lydia isn't. He would love to take this little earth-dweller with him, down to the netherworld but he is right about her not making it; humans are at least 90% vulnerable down there and even though he has just truly met her, he doesn't want to be the reason for her death. This young girl has a lot of life left to live. ","Summary":" Lydia closely examines the page of her journal, while sitting cross-legged on her unmade bed. There"},{"Movie":"Beetlejuice","Title":"Gridlock","Author":"PhantomPenguin","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12761824","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Well, apparently I have the writing bug for this fandom...this popped out of inowherei the other day when I was driving to work and heard the very same radio conversation that is written into the fic. I can't help myself-I love these two. There's so much potential for character development and exploration-and angst, when I get to that point. For now, I'll stick to teeth-rotting fluff and relationship development. Lydia swore and slammed on the breaks, sneering as the vehicle in front of her swung into a sharp left turn, no blinker to be seen. \"Asshole,\" she snarled, yanking her steering wheel to avoid the moron in front of her. Her little sedan swerved around the bumper of the offending car and then straightened out as she accelerated. \"Hey hey hey, easy on the goods, darling.\" A bird's nest of tousled blond hair poked up from the backseat, framing a deathly pale face tinged slightly green. Said face currently wore a dark scowl, lips pulled back in a grimace and a look of utter derision stealing across its features. \"Some of us are trying to take a nap!\" Rolling her eyes, Lydia eased back into traffic, joining the antlike trail cruising along the highway. \"At seven in the morning?\" she asked sarcastically (ignoring the all-too-real truth that she herself was heading home to simply collapse into bed). Beetlejuice huffed and phased through the seat to settle in beside her. \"Never too early for some beauty sleep, babes,\" he said, \"especially when some of us have been up all night supervising an overnight inventory shift at a stupid coffee shop.\" He stretched his arms out above his head so that his shoulders each gave a loud 'pop' and looked at her with a raised eyebrow. Lydia winced at the sound and leaned forward to rest her head on the steering wheel as she rolled up to yet another red light. \"Show me the 'beauty' and I'll be more inclined to believe you,\" she said drolly, cheek propped on the cool vinyl and she shifted to eye her companion. \"And as I seem to recall, I was the one doing all the hard work. You just sat around and kept turning my back-stock into phallic symbols.\" \"You think you're so witty,\" the poltergeist intoned, folding his arms in front of his pinstriped chest and scowling at the dashboard. \"You know it wouldn't have been half as entertaining as it was without me.\" Her eyes rolled toward her hairline, and she reluctantly returned to an acceptable driving position and shifted her gaze from the road, declining to reply. Even with the passing of the red light, traffic crawled along at a snail's pace, snaking its way through the greater downtown area. She despised the fact her current job was located on the other side of town from both campus and her little town home-but, money was money, so she couldn't say much in complaint. Her eyes snapped back to Beetlejuice. \"Oh, hey, seatbelt, B.\" \"Seatbelt?\" he yelped, incredulous. \"I'm freaking dead already, Lyds! Get a grip. If we wreck I'm grabbing you and getting the hell out anyway, so it doesn't matter.\" Her dark eyes narrowed. \"Dead or not, any passenger in my car has to buckle up—my car, my rules.\" She carefully overlooked the protective way he looked at her-the dynamic of their relationship had drastically shifted over the course of the last few weeks, but it was still so novel that she had trouble believing the reality of it all at times. With an exasperated snap of his fingers, Beetlejuice conjured a thick set of iron chains and strapped himself to the passenger seat, the cold iron coiling up from the floor to snake around his legs and torso. \"Babes, if I knew how kinky you were, things between us would have shifted iagesi ago.\" Lydia snorted and rolled her eyes, easing into stop and putting the car in park-a recent wreck had sent traffic to a grinding halt, so they weren't going anywhere for a while. Reaching across his bound torso, she snagged the actual seatbelt and drew it across him, snapping it into place. \"There,\" she said. \"Not that I don't appreciate seeing you in chains,\" and here one of her eyebrows rose, a mischievous glint peeking through her stern façade as she conceded some truth to his previous statement, \"but you still have to wear the seatbelt, too.\" He phased out of both restraints easily, eyes glowing green, gaze fixated intently on the woman beside him. \"Ha,\" he barked, \"like you'll ever contain the Ghost with the Most.\" He leaned over with his right hand and curled his fingers around her delicate wrist, conjuring a thin chain that bound her to the steering wheel. \"You, on the other hand,\" he murmured, leaning in so that there was but a hair's breadth between their lips, \"look ravishing in chains.\" Lydia shivered, inching infinitesimally closer. \"Later,\" she breathed, free hand rising to card through his wild hair. His eyes burned green, and he close the distance between them, capturing her lips in a kiss that set a fire burning low in her stomach. He twined his other hand through her hair, nails lightly scratching her scalp, it's partner tracing designs across the cool metal at her wrist. It was a hungry kiss, his mouth parting hers with wild abandon, seeking out every secret she had to offer. A loud blare of the horn sent them both jerking backwards, and Lydia looked out the windshield to see that traffic sat at least three car lengths ahead. \"Shit,\" she swore, pulling the car out of park and scooting forward. Beetlejuice settled back in his seat, a grin-a itruei grin, with no trace of mockery to be seen-pulling at his lips. \"Damn, Lydia,\" he said, eyes bright and skin flushed, as though she had breathed some of her life force into him. \"Seconded,\" she said, reaching up to smooth her hair with her free hand. \"Would you mind?\" she asked with a quirk to her lips, tugging fruitlessly at the chain at her wrist. He tapped the metal with a grin and the chain vanished reappearing solely on her wrist as a bracelet. Lydia simply sighed, choosing not to pursue it. Without warning, she pulled her hand free of his, a disbelieving smile spreading across her lips. \"B, did you hear that?\" she asked, laughter bubbling up from deep within her chest. He grunted, trying not to look put out about his hand now sitting abandoned on the center console. \"No,\" he griped, \"musta missed it.\" \"No, seriously,\" she persisted, turning the volume dial sharply to the right and then reclaiming his hand with a look of fond exasperation. \"And don't think I don't know where that pout from a moment ago came from,\" she added, squeezing his icy fingers. His thumb slipped up to trace the contours of her wrist. \"Believe whatever makes you happy babes, you ain't getting the truth from me. What the hell are you making me listen to? If it's one of those stupid talk shows you can just forget it.\" Her mouth pulled into a quick grin, amusement shining in her eyes, temporarily masking all traces of the deep-seated exhaustion that lingered from her long shift. \"It's just morning talk radio,\" she told him. \"Nothing interesting, just drivel-but amusing drivel.\" They sat in a comfortable silence for a moment, waiting for the story Lydia found so amusing to resume, Beetlejuice idly cursing passerby to morph into assorted giant insects as they inched through the city. Lydia's eyes narrowed and he sullenly flicked a finger and restored them to their normal states. \"…woman claims she's 'in a relationship' with a ghost,\" the amused voice of the morning show host rang through the car, and suddenly Beetlejuice was well aware what had made Lydia laugh so much a few moments earlier. He let out a guffaw of raucous laughter. \"Looks like someone beat us to the punch in going public, Lyds,\" he chortled, a mocking grin spreading across his face. The woman in question rolled her eyes, cracking the windows slightly to free the smoke that had been building up from the cigarette he'd sneakily lit a few moments before and had dangling from between idle fingers. \"Yes, and I'm sure she's just another perfectly harmless individual just trying to live her life in peace and who never asked for any of that kind of nonsense to cross her path.\" The cant of her head indicated how likely she found that scenario. \"Or no,\" she continued, \"I forgot—that honor is strictly reserved for me. This woman is probably one of those hokey 'psychics' the world seems to love so much.\" The car finally cruised through the last of the chain of traffic lights that stood between the coffee shop and Lydia's townhome, and she gunned it, weaving between the less-aware drivers as she directed her vehicle home. In the background, the radio hosts kept jabbering, coming up with gags about \"transparent relationships\" and other inane puns. Beetlejuice sat quietly for once, inhaling contemplatively from his (now unlit) cigarette. \"Not bad on the mockery,\" he judged, nodding toward her stereo, \"but their set-up was hideous. Hell, that's comedy gold—a psychic claiming physical relations with the dead? As if we'd ever stoop so low!\" Idly, he flicked a finger, the red-tinged nail erupting into a burst of flame, and held the digit to his cold cigarette.\" \"Yes, we living are so atrocious,\" Lydia kept her voice light and disinterested, masking the irrational surge of hurt that flared in her stomach at his words. \"Not the living, Babes,\" he exclaimed, appearing horrified and turning to her with an earnest green gaze. \"You're fucking gorgeous! We just don't mess with any of those wannabe psychic nut jobs. True psychics, hell yes, empaths, sensitives, any of those who can actually see us are fair game. The rest are just out to make a buck.\" Lydia felt a fierce blush creep across her face at his words. She jerked her eyes back to the road, avoiding his gaze to prevent him from seeing the emotion simmering in her gaze. She pulled into her driveway with a triumphant \" Finally \", throwing the car in park and releasing the wheel with great relish. \"I don't know how,\" she winced, staggering out with a grimace, \"a supposed twenty-five minute ride can turn into a fucking hour-and-a-half long nightmare, but that is the ilasti time I deal with early morning traffic!\" She stomped up the stairs, her heavy black boots (the sole concession her manager at the coffee shop made for her unique fashion preferences) thudding against the cement. \"Not classes until Monday, it's a deliciously cold, grey, miserable day, and I haven't slept for a day and a half—time for some fucking sleep.\" \"Just sleep?\" his voice was far more hopeful than it had any right to be, and Lydia couldn't help but giggle. \"Sadly yes,\" she returned, her hand on the doorknob, \"because I am exhausted\" She stuck her key in the lock and swung open the door, completely missing the downward turn of her companion's lips. \"You coming, B?\" The poltergeist drifted up the stairs through the doorway. \"Not in any way I'd like to be,\" he muttered, just loud enough for her to hear. \"You,\" she shut the door with a quiet 'snick', sliding the deadbolt into place, and turned to poke an accusatory finger into his chest, \"you're pouting.\" \"When the gorgeous breather who for some fucking insane reason returns my…attraction…and finally isn't 'off limits' just wants to sleep on a day off?\" he returned, a dark scowl heavy on his face, \"hell yes I'm going to pout!\" Lydia's face softened, and he spun around to her companion, wrapping her arms around his waist and burrowing her face into his pinstriped chest. \"Aw, B, don't be like that,\" she murmured, voice muffled by his jacket. \"I've just been awake for 36 hours with no reprieve—I'm still only human, you know. Can't stay up forever.\" He was on the verge of offering a rather crass reply to that last, but the posture of sheer exhaustion stealing across her frame had him holding his tongue, and he felt his frustration lesson despite himself. \"And I love you for it,\" he muttered, looking down at the woman in his arms with an uncharacteristically tender gaze. \"Yeah, yeah, I know.\" He drew her into a more secure embrace, slipping one hand behind her head and carding lean fingers through her thick hair, bringing the other down to curl around her side. \"Love you too, B,\" she murmured, returning his embrace. \"Sleep now?\" she asked hopefully, slowly drawing him toward the bedroom door. He gave an exaggerated roll of the eyes. \"Fine, fine.\" One eyebrow slowly crept toward his hairline. \"And tomorrow…?\" Lydia gave him a slow smirk, slipping out of his arms and into the darkening bedroom. Turning, she held out one black-nailed hand. \"Tomorrow is a new day,\" she promised. As always, reviews (comments and/or criticism) are welcome! ","Summary":" Well, apparently I have the writing bug for this fandom...this popped out of inowherei the other da"},{"Movie":"Beetlejuice","Title":"Until death do we part","Author":"The Smart Fish Bob","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13035309","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Barbara Maitland stared out the window. Lydia was supposed to be home by now, and Barbara was worried. She was warned many moons ago by what would happen on Lydia's twenty first birthday and she wasn't ready for it. \"Adam!\" Barbara called, worry in her gentle voice, \"Lydia isn't home yet.\" \"It's okay, Barbara, Lydia is safe as long as she is under our protection.\" \"But, what about the contract, I'm sure he knows about it.\" \" He definitely does, but the marriage was years ago, I doubt he wants to return here.\" \"I think he wants his freedom more than he wants to stay away from us.\" \"Barbara!\" Lydia yelled as the front door slammed behind her. \"You'll love these photos I took on the way home!\" Lydia set her bag on the couch and grabbed her camera, she smiled as she went into the kitchen. She stopped, her eyes growing wide as she dropped her camera and stared at the sight before her. \"How's it goin', wifey?\" Beetlejuice said, sitting on the counter in the last outfit Lydia had seen him in, his wedding tux. \"Oh my god,\" She muttered, \"What did you do to Barbara and Adam and why are you here?\" \"It's your 21st birthday, didn't they tell ya?\" \"Tell me what?\" Beetlejuice smirked, and got off the counter, taking a step towards Lydia. She took a step back. \"You're married to a ghost, for good now, and uh, you're gonna be a ghost too.\" \"Beetlejuice, beetlejuice, beetlejuice,\" Lydia whispered, her eyes closed tightly. \"That lil trick won't work anymore, girly. Ya got three months, and I'm sure Barbara will explain the rest.\" Beetlejuice winked and in a blink of an eye, he was gone. Lydia collapsed to the floor. \"Lydia!\" Barbara yelled as she came out of the door to the other world. She stood bathed in green light. Adam walked out behind her. \"I'm gonna die!\" Lydia cried. \"Maybe not,\" Barbara whispered. She sat next to Lydia and put a hand on her shoulder. \"Then why did Beetlejuice say that?\" \"You'll only die if you don't finish the marriage. But if you finish the marriage, Beetlejuice becomes human again, in a sort of way.\" \"It's a bit more complicated than him just becoming human,\" Adam said, sadly, \"He'll look human, but he won't be able to die.\" \"That's bad,\" whispered Lydia, while wiping away a tear. \"It isn't, actually. If he doesn't fall in love with you, he'll be sent to a type of ghost jail.\" \"Fall in love with me? He has no soul, he can't fall in love.\" \"You need to fall in love with him too, otherwise, you'll die.\" Lydia nodded, \"I think I need some alone time.\" \"I don't blame you,\" Adam said, and the ghosts left Lydia sitting in the kitchen. Lydia stood, went to the living room, and got her bag. She was going to stop Beetlejuice once and for all, if she could figure out how to do that. ","Summary":" Barbara Maitland stared out the window. Lydia was supposed to be home by now, and Barbara was worri"},{"Movie":"Beetlejuice","Title":"Beetlejuice 2: Rise of the Netherworld","Author":"Clayton Overstreet","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12620583","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I do not own these characters or profit from them… unless you like this story and write to the owners insisting that I get to help write the script for an actual movie. (The camera is at the bottom of stairs in a narrow hallway slowly moving up towards a plain white attic door. There is the sound of a music box playing a creepy song. From behind the door the audience hears the voices of teenagers. Two boys and two girls.) Voice 1: (Boy) What is that? Voice 2: (Girl) It fell out of the book. Voice 3: (Boy) What does it say? Voice 4: (Girl) (Speaking slowly and just above a whisper) Though I know I should be wary… still I venture someplace scary. Ghostly haunting I turn loose… Beetlejuice… Beetlejuice… Beetlejuice… (Around the edges of the door green light begins to shine. The frame buckles and cracks. The whole house shakes.) All: (SCREAMING) New voice: HAHAHAHHEEEHOOHAHAHA! IT'S SHOW TIME! (Words appear on the screen) Coming This Halloween. The ghost with the most returns in an all new adventure. (Scene changes to a boardroom in which sinister men and women in suits sit around a large table looking at a man at the front of the room.) Man: (Looking around) Ladies and gentlemen, roughly thirty years ago a family in a small town fell victim to a routine haunting. The daughter took pictures of the ghosts and supposedly contacted them. While investigating the strange events that began to befall them a friend of the family came across a strange book. Together with some of their other friends they held a séance, summoning those ghosts into the corporeal world. The details of that night are lost, but several witnesses told stories of horror and there are even rumors that a portal to the afterlife was opened. (A dusty faded book is slammed onto the table with a loud thump that echoes through the room. The title reads \"Handbook for the Recently Deceased.\") I have found that book. With it we can breach the borders between this life and the land of the dead… the Netherworld. And once we do, death shall have no dominion over us ever again. (Scene changes again to a Television news Broadcast) Anchor: Strange stories from around the globe today. Ghost sightings from the White house to the Tower of London. If witnesses are to be believed the dead are coming back. In the wake of supposed proof of the afterlife thousands of suicide cults have popped up around the world, killing themselves and then returning from the dead to torment the living. For more on that we go to Diane Long. Skeletal Woman in a ragged suit: That's right Tom, we're back and we're staying. As the gates of the netherworld are slowly being forced open more and horrors from the deepest pits of the afterlife will be released until the barriers between the living and the dead cease to exist. Back to you Tom. Anchor: And on that terrifying note we also have video footage of a strange snake-like monster appearing in Death Valley… (The TV turns to a video of a sandworm rising up next to and dwarfing a freeway and the cars next to it.) Who can save us? (Scene changes to the streets of New York City as the Ghostbuster's car drives through the streets at high speed lights flashing and siren blaring. The camera follows them for a moment as they pull onto the freeway heading south. We see one final shot of the back window on which are painted the words \"Bermuda or Bust\" as they speed quickly to parts unknown) (Scene changes to Whipstaff Manor and Dr. Harvey slamming the door in the camera) (Scene changes to the priest from The Exorcist tearing off his collar and shouting \"I quit!\") (Scene changes to weirdly lit offices in the Netherworld as seen in the first movie, only devoid of almost everyone) Dead Janitor: They came in and exorcized everyone. Now there's nobody left to regulate the afterlife. Unless something's done to stop them the world of the living and the world of the dead will merge and things never meant to exist in either will be free to wreak untold havoc and all of existence will become hell for us all. (He pauses) But there was one ghost they missed. He used to work here but quit a long time ago. Became a freelance bio-exorcist… (Scene switches to four teenagers standing in a circle. One had his hand out flat with a tiny figure standing in his palm.) Boy: So they have an army of monsters and ghosts at their command… and our secret weapon is an inch tall guy in a striped suit that smells like rotting mayonnaise. Beetlejuice: Hey, that reminds me… (Lifts up his left arm and reached into his suit, peeling something from under his armpit with a sound like Velcro. Pulls out a moldy rotten sandwich crawling with insects.) I saved this guy for later! (Lifts it to his mouth and the kids all look away in disgust as he takes a big bite.) All The Teenagers: EW! Beetlejuice 2: Rise of the Netherworld Rated R Coming to a theater near you as soon as someone convinces Tim Burton to make it. Based on a short fan fic written by, Clayton Overstreet Author's note: I am not being paid for this and am working on writing my own books (Available from Amazon. Barnes and Noble, and their associates) so I do not have the time to really write out this whole story at this time. However should I get enough reviews asking me to flesh this out a bit or an offer from someone to write this as an actual script, I'd be willing to reconsider. Also feel free to read and review my other fan fics or check out my books. ","Summary":" I do not own these characters or profit from them… unless you like this story and write to the owne"},{"Movie":"Annie","Title":"Family Ties","Author":"markaleen","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12507904","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I will probably regret having two major Annie stories going at once, but as much as I love writing my 'Grace and Agatha' story, I have so very much missed writing Grace/Oliver/Annie centered stories. This story is a sequel to 'A New Kind of Family' so, if you haven't already, I recommend reading that one first as the plot will go off of it. However, if you want to jump into this story you should be able to fill in the blanks enough as it's the same general idea of what is seen in the movie. Hope you enjoy! A week didn't seem so long when looking at a calendar. Routine also had this effect. The last week proved to be, anything but predictable. High-speed car chases, birthdays, and proclamations of love… no one could keep up. Business went along with this. Finding time for meals and a few minutes of downtime became a balancing act much like one at Annie's party. Now, in the final days of October, everything began to settle. Annie's kidnappers were jailed and no longer a threat, and her birthday and party came and went without a hitch. As for Grace and Oliver, they got on just fine. Half past nine. Most of the Warbucks staff were in their quarters for the night with the exception of Drake, Punjab, The Asp, a few of the maids, and maybe Mrs. Pugh. Annie and Sandy rested upstairs which left the house quiet. In the past week, this time in the evening became one of the favorites for Oliver and Grace. Busy schedules didn't come to an end despite the recent fiascoes to come upon them. Work needed to be done. A new relationship couldn't get in the way, either. But by this hour, the two were sure to call it quits until morning. Would this last forever? Probably not. For now it didn't matter. \"I blame Annie for this.\" Grace looked up from her lap where part of a quilt laid. \"You blame Annie for what?\" \"I have spent the last hour on the phone with the White House. I should never have brought her to Washington with me. Franklin thinks because Annie is so fond of him that now I am, too. He demands I help fund this New Deal of his.\" Grabbing hold of Oliver's wrist once he stood behind her chair, she asked, \"Would it be the end of the world if you did?\" \"Don't tell me you agree with it!\" \"I don't agree or disagree. All I'm saying is that there are pros and cons. While I don't think you should pay for the whole project, I don't see what harm it would do to contribute.\" Oliver pulled his arm away from Grace and strode to the other side of the room. \"I would rather invest my money in something more substantial. I don't deny that it can help matters at the moment, but it's not a long-term solution. If he could put half the effort into plans that might sustain the country for more than a few years we'd be set.\" \"And what do you propose he should do?\" \"Damned if I know. Believe me, if I were president I would find the answer. I wouldn't rest until I did and you know it.\" Grace nodded. \"I have no doubt. Why haven't you suggested any ideas to him?\" \"He won't hear them, but that is beside the point. While he's down there coming up with names for his multitude of projects, I'm up here trying to re-create the jobs people lost while attempting to maintain and replenish my assets.\" \"You have to meet him halfway if you're going to go on complaining.\" \"Grace,\" he said, walking back in her direction, \"I'm afraid there are fine details that you can't and won't understand. We would be here for hours if I tried to explain them.\" \"That may be true,\" she said with a shrug. \"After all, who has time for understanding government matters? While you boys are squabbling over this bill and that bill, I'm in the office taking care of your other work and taking care of a child all the while.\" \"Oh no,\" Oliver said. \"You can't play the Annie card.\" \"Why not?\" \"I took the girl to Washington and she made me look like the perfect fool.\" Grace chuckled. \"You know you aren't.\" \"She had me thinking as much for a while. That's worse.\" \"Do you really want to dwell on this for the rest of the night?\" Gesturing to the chair next to hers, she said, \"Sit down and have a brandy. You need to relax.\" Oliver stood still a moment before sitting. Part of him missed the days when she was too shy to speak her mind. He could spout off whenever he wanted and however he wanted without care. Now he had to remember not to yell at her for things she had no connection to, or at least he tried. He never realized the capacity of his own temper until he became aware of those around him. Complete change would take time, and some days were harder than others. A telephone conference with the president tried his nerves. How pleasing it would be to take his frustration out on someone and then be done with it. Even snapping at the dog caused him guilt nowadays. These thoughts were passing, though. Watching Grace a few feet in front of him, hair coming loose and eyes concentrated on her project, he knew her words came out of care and concern. This woman had been a cause of inner torment for the past months, a greater torment than money ever could be. She was everything he wanted to avoid. She challenged him. She brought an extraordinary child into his life and together they forced him to admit his human qualities. They forced him to love. Somehow they'd been right. Even with the dark days he wouldn't have experienced had life remained as usual, he wouldn't know a fraction of the happiness he felt now. \"You're awfully quite all of a sudden,\" Grace noticed when she heard Oliver set his empty glass on the table between them. \"Are you feeling better?\" \"Yes. I'm sorry to take it out on you.\" Grace smiled, still feeling proud whenever she heard him apologize for trivial matters. \"You don't have to apologize. I'm glad.\" \"Did you get Annie to bed all right?\" \"No more trouble than usual. I have to wonder if letting her stay up an hour later would make any difference. She's an early riser by nature. It amazes me how much energy she has left at the end of the day.\" \"I don't think her excitement has worn off yet,\" Oliver said, shifting in his seat. \"Give her a couple more months and it'll be all we can do to get her downstairs in time for breakfast.\" \"Hopefully that won't be the case, but getting an extra hour of sleep is appealing. That's why I'm considering a later bedtime.\" \"Hey, don't forget a later bedtime for her means less time for us.\" A faint blush tinted Grace's cheeks. \"Oh?\" \"When we're not working late you typically head off to bed around 11:30. Allowing Annie to stay up until 10:00 means I only get an hour and a half with you without distractions.\" \"Well then, in that case, I'll have to move my bedtime past midnight.\" Oliver laughed as he moved from his chair and knelt by her side. With his index finger and thumb he turned her head to face him. He looked at her a moment, still thinking of his happiness with her. So soon and already the tense and uncertain conversations had dissipated. The secrets were gone and everything was free and out in the open. Now they joked and spoke casually without fear. No longer did they wonder if they were letting on to too much. Best of all he could kiss her. In a moment like this he could communicate all he needed by taking her in his arms and keeping her close. \"Oliver,\" Grace said with a disappointed smile when he let her go, \"I need to keep working on this.\" She gestured to the blanket that started to slip from her knees. \"Why now? You have plenty more time.\" \"It takes a while to make a quilt, especially since I'm doing a lot of it by hand. I want to give this to Annie for Christmas and this is the only time in the day I've been able to sit down and work on it.\" \"I guess things have been pretty busy here.\" \"I know it will slow down eventually.\" \"Then putting the project aside for one night won't make a difference. You only started a couple days ago.\" Grace give him a sideways smile before folding the fabric and setting it in the basket beside her. \"Fine, you win.\" \"May I ask why this is so important to you?\" \"You'll think it's silly,\" she said, making room for him to sit with her on the chair. \"How do you know?\" \"Because I know.\" \"That's not much of an answer,\" he said as he sat. With a sigh, Grace surrendered. \"My mother made me a quilt when I was four years old. I still have it back in Connecticut with my father. I always thought when I had a child of my own that I would do the same thing. Over the past few years, I figured I wouldn't get the chance to make one. I'd even forgot about it until a few months ago. I almost made one for Annie's birthday. Then I decided seeing as she isn't my child per se it wouldn't be the same. I know she's still not my child, but more so now than before. You know, now that she's here to stay.\" \"You're right,\" Oliver said with a grin. \"I do think it's silly.\" Grace looked down. \"I shouldn't have said anything.\" \"I didn't say it was a bad thing. I like that goofy smile of yours whenever you talk about these sort of things.\" \"Goofy?\" \"Again, it's not a bad thing.\" Shaking her head, she let out a soft breath. \"You're impossible.\" Putting his arm around her shoulders, he kissed her cheek. \"Why don't I make it up to you? How does dinner tomorrow evening sound?\" \"Just the two of us?\" she asked. \"Just the two of us.\" \"What about Annie?\" \"Then it would be three instead of two.\" \"I hate to leave her…\" \"I'd offer lunch but I have that meeting in Albany.\" \"Do you think she will be all right?\" \"Grace, you do realize how many people here are live-in staff, don't you?\" \"You know what I mean.\" She sighed. \"I feel funny leaving her after what happened.\" \"She gets to and from school every day without a problem.\" \"Maybe I'm being paranoid.\" \"A little bit,\" Oliver said. \"Dinner out might do me some good.\" \"I think so, too.\" After a moment, a smile reappeared on her face. \"This will be our first official date.\" \"What do you mean? We've had plenty of meals alone together.\" \"Not in public.\" \"Is that a problem?\" he asked. \"No, of course not. It's just… are you ready for speculation? I mean, there's a chance no one will question it, but since all the publicity around Annie you're barely able to walk past the gates without a camera pointed at you.\" \"I don't deny it will be a nuisance. We'll lay low and hope for the best. I have no desire to keep our relationship a secret.\" Running her thumb along his cheekbone, Grace said, \"And I'm so very glad.\" Before she went to kiss him again, she locked her eyes with his, hoping somehow to gain the audacity to tell him again of her love. The words hadn't been spoken by either of them since the night of Annie's kidnapping. She hadn't realized as much until the past couple of nights. So many other things were of greater importance. But now that a sense of normalcy reentered the picture, she became aware. Alas, courage failed her. How could it be this difficult, she thought, to say something they both already knew? Perhaps this was a question best dealt with tomorrow sometime after dinner and before they arrived home when they wouldn't be trapped by familiarity and routine. For the remainder of tonight, she would be glad he convinced her to give him her undivided attention before going their separate ways until morning.[Chapter 2] \"Good morning, Grace. Good morning, Mr. Warbucks.\" Annie showed up to breakfast a few minutes to later, dragging her satchel on the ground behind her. \"Good morning, dear,\" Grace said, noticing Annie's unusual presence. \"Is something the matter.\" \"Sandy kept waking me up all night. He must'a ate something bad because I had to keep letting him out.\" \"…did he make it out?\" Oliver asked. \"Almost every time.\" Running a hand down the length of his face, he called out to Drake. Knowing and dreading the task before him, Drake said with a huff, \"Right away, sir.\" \"Are you going to be okay at school?\" Grace asked. Annie yawned. \"Yes. I'll feel better after breakfast. Mrs. Holmes says we have a busy day today. I don't wanna fall behind.\" \"That's the kind of attitude I like to see,\" Oliver said. \"Yeah, or else I won't get a good part in the Christmas play.\" Grace glanced at Oliver with a smirk before turning back to Annie. \"And you won't if you fall behind?\" \"That's what Mrs. Holmes said. She says it's motivation and that kids end up gettin' lazy with our work around the holidays.\" \"Makes sense.\" \"I wouldn't worry,\" Oliver said. \"Your grades have been fine.\" \"I know, but I gotta do even better. I wanna get the lead.\" \"What's the play?\" he asked. Annie shrugged. \"I dunno. Maybe we'll find out today.\" \"Well, break a leg.\" \"That means good luck, right?\" Oliver smiled. \"Of course.\" He then tossed his napkin onto the table as he stood. \"And now I'm off to Albany.\" Grace, having forgotten he was leaving, glanced at her watch. \"Gracious, Oliver, you should have left over an hour ago. You won't make it in time.\" \"I decided to take the autocopter. I'll be early with the proper wind.\" With a laugh, he bent down to kiss Grace on the cheek. Then turning around, he patted Annie's head on the way out. Knowing her workload for the day, Grace didn't go along on the ride to school. Instead, she took care of the major phone calls Oliver wrote out for her. After going over her notes from them, she finished some filing she put off from the night before. These tasks didn't take long and never did, however, Grace was disappointed to see the clock had yet to read noon. It occurred to her this was the first time she had to work without Oliver since they got together. While work kept them busy during the day and there wasn't time for much acknowledgment of each other, she missed knowing he was there. She did whenever he was out of town, but this time it was different. Before, she managed to get more work done to keep herself preoccupied until he came home. Now she felt more distracted than anything. She wondered if Oliver arrived upstate okay. She wondered how the meeting was going and if he would get stuck there and miss their date. These thoughts unsettled her. Should Oliver ever know she felt this way he might put things in perspective and decide they should maintain a working relationship rather than personal. Sometimes, like now, she worried his mind would change. Everything leading up to this past week aside, he hadn't given her a reason to think this. Still, she felt she needed to be cautious. The phone rang just before noon, pulling Grace from her head. She was thankful until she answered, surprised to hear the voice of Annie's teacher through the receiver. \"Mrs. Holmes?\" \"How are you, Miss Farrell?\" \"I am fine, and yourself?\" \"I am well, thank you. I'm calling to ask if you will be available to meet with me within the hour?\" A panic set in Grace's stomach. \"Is something the matter with Annie?\" \"That's actually the question I wanted to ask you. I feel speaking in person will be easier than to attempt over the phone. I do apologize as I know you are busy. \"It must be urgent if you want me there as soon as possible.\" \"I can't say urgent is the right word. However, I would like to speak sooner than later for Annie's benefit. You see, it's a matter of schoolwork.\" \"Are her grades slipping?\" Grace asked, confused. \"No, it's a bit more complicated. That's why I think it's best if you and I meet in person. Now would be the best time as the children are at lunch.\" Grace looked at the clock and then at her to do list in front of her. She felt bad for having wasted so much time sitting in silence and knew she didn't have a hope of catching up in time should she leave now. Alas, she knew she didn't have a choice. \"That will be fine.\" \"Thank you. I promise it won't take long.\" \"Okay, thank you for calling. I will be there in fifteen minutes.\" . . . Part of Grace was relieved when she walked by the schoolyard and went unnoticed by Annie and her friends. Facing her didn't seem like an option at the moment. By the time she knocked on the classroom door, she made sure to pull herself together and put her full focus on rectifying the situation. \"Good afternoon, Miss Farrell.\" Mrs. Holmes stood upon Grace's entry. \"Good afternoon. I'm sorry I am a few minutes later. We hit some traffic on the way.\" \"Not to worry. Would you care to sit down?\" \"Thank you,\" Grace said as she sat in her appointed seat. Sitting at her desk, Mrs. Holmes began. \"I want to talk to you about the children's end of year project.\" \"Yes?\" Grace sat motionless aside from her hands twisting with nerves in her lap. \"Annie is normally quite punctual with her work, however, with this current assignment she's failed to do any of her homework. Given the topic, I'm to assume it is a sensitive subject for her. I've tried speaking to her myself but she avoids any questions and manages to turn the conversation around.\" \"What's the project?\" Mrs. Holmes raised an eyebrow. \"You didn't receive the note?\" Grace shook her head. \"No, I didn't.\" \"Then she must have kept it from you. I sent them home at the beginning of the week.\" \"What is the project?\" Grace asked again. \"Family trees and history. Before Christmas vacation, all the parents are invited to hear the presentations.\" \"Oh…\" \"I realize Annie has recently discovered devastating news in regards to her natural family as you have told me, but I can't excuse her complete avoidance. I am more than willing to talk out a compromise with her. This has proven to be a difficult task.\" \"Yes, Annie is quite good at avoiding conversations she doesn't want to have or starting conversations you don't want to have.\" She chuckled at her though, but it was more nervous laughter than anything. \"Nonetheless, Miss Farrell, if she doesn't come around sooner than later, I'm afraid I will have to give her a failing grade on the project. It is not my wish. I do understand she's gone through a rough time, in particular, these past couple weeks, and as I said, I'm willing to help her any way I can. If she doesn't feel she's able to do the family tree project, I can suggest a number of alternatives for her. Reading aloud to the parents would be her choice. I hoped she would have mentioned it to you.\" \"Not a word. She did seem a bit off this morning, but she claimed it was lack of sleep due to her dog.\" \"I did give her a warning before she went home showed no signs of concern?\" \"Not at all.\" Mrs. Holmes let out an unconvinced breath. \"Well, hopefully she will be more willing to talk to you.\" \"What are some of the alternatives to the project she could do? I will be sure to work it out with her and I will have her tell you her decision tomorrow morning.\" \"I was going to suggest a written paper on life at the orphanage, or how life has been since she left. If she has another idea along those lines I am willing to listen.\" \"If she still wanted to do the family tree project, would it be all right for her to use my family? I realize our situation is different than her classmates and that we aren't genetically or legally related, but it is my hope to someday be able to adopt her.\" Realizing she'd spoken too much, Grace corrected, \"But I haven't spoken to Annie about this, so please don't say anything to her.\" Mrs. Holmes smiled. \"That is very sweet. Yes, that would be fine.\" \"What does she need to do to catch up?\" \"She should have an outline of relatives done and handed in to me as soon as possible. Then she can begin her tree design. I already sent home some examples, but I will give you one now just in case along with the information on the first note.\" \"Thank you. And thank you for your understanding. I'm sorry if she's been too much trouble.\" \"Annie is normally well behaved. Despite what some of my students might say, I'm not heartless.\" She winked. . . . \"…she told you everything?\" Annie and Grace sat in the office while Annie ate her after-school snack watching Grace while she worked. \"Everything,\" Grace said. Annie looked down without another word — a rare occurrence. \"Sweetheart, why didn't you tell me?\" \"I didn't wanna say anything. I didn't want you to feel bad.\" Grace shook her head. \"That isn't something you should worry about. I'm here for these sorts of things. It's not good to keep it to yourself.\" \"I don't wanna be the only one in the class who can't do the dumb project.\" \"Mrs. Holmes said you can build your tree using my family.\" Annie sighed. \"It isn't the same.\" \"I know it isn't, but it's better than doing a completely different report, don't you think?\" \"I guess… but it would only be one-sided.\" \"Maybe I can talk Mr. Warbucks into helping you with his side.\" \"Do you really think he would?\" \"Unfortunately, I can't give you a positive answer. He's always been tight-lipped about his past. I will bring up the topic, but he might not be interested.\" \"It doesn't matter if he wants to or not,\" Annie shrugged. \"All the kids are gonna think it's weird.\" \"I wish I knew what else to tell you.\" \"I guess I can still do something about my parents. I know their names, I think. It'll be the shortest in the class, but at least it will be sort of the same. At least I can fill in all the empty space with a story.\" \"It's entirely up to you. You will have to work on it while Mr. Warbucks and I are at dinner. You have to catch up to the others. I also want you to think of an apology for Mrs. Holmes. From what she said you've been a bit rude to her.\" \"I didn't mean to be, Grace. Honest.\" Tugging at Annie's curls before going back to typing, Grace said, \"I know you didn't, dear. But it will still have to be done. All she wanted to do was help.\" \"I'll apologize…\" \"Good.\" In an instant, Annie's mood changed and she now wore a playful grin. She set her dish down on the coffee table and skipped up to Grace's side. \"So, you 'n Mr. Warbucks are goin' out on your first date, hmm?\" \"Yes, we are,\" Grace said with a tweak of Annie's nose. \"What's it to you?\" \"Oh, nothin'…\" she breathed. \"Come on, what's with the airy tone?\" \"Nothing, really,' Annie said as she stretched. \"It's funny, that's all.\" \"Why on earth is it funny?\" \"'Cause you loved each other for so long but wouldn't tell each other.\" \"Young lady, I can assure you there will be a time in your life when you will behave towards someone the way I have with Mr. Warbucks.\" Annie scrunched her nose and shook her head. \"I don't think so. If I liked a boy I would just tell him.\" \"You think it's as simple as all that now, and maybe it is when you're young, but you'd think differently if you were in the same position I was in.\" \"I dunno. Ten years seems like way too long to keep quiet.\" Rolling her eyes, Grace swatted Annie's arm. \"Oh, run along and get started on your report. I expect to look over what you've done when I get home later tonight.\" \"Am I allowed to stay up 'til you and Mr. Warbucks get home?\" \"I don't anticipate being out past your bedtime, but yes, as long as you're working on your project.\" With a sigh, Annie agreed. \"Grace, is anything the matter?\" Grace looked back in Oliver's direction across the table. Her eyes had wandered all over the dining room, yet somehow kept seeming to miss him. Now wasn't the time to talk about her day. For years she'd waited for an outing like this with him. He spared no cost. Here they sat with the most expensive champagne as they listened to the music and low hum of dinnertime chatter, and yet, all her mind could focus on was ways to help Annie and the amount work she neglected to tell him she left unfinished. \"I'm fine, Oliver,\" she said with a smile. \"Really.\" \"You've barely said two words since we left. Is it the restaurant? Do you not like it? Or is it the people. Are they staring? Is that why you haven't looked at me?\" \"Oliver, there's no need to worry.\" She reached her hand across the table, resting it on top of his. \"Everything is perfect. I mean it. I'm sorry that I'm distracted. Long story short, I had an unexpected meeting today and I'm still processing it. But, I don't want to think about it anymore. I'm so happy that you and I finally have some time out of the house together.\" \"A meeting? Who with? Did I forget an appointment?\" \"No, it wasn't with anyone in association with you.\" \"Well, is everything all right? It obviously has you preoccupied.\" \"I told you, I don't want to think more about it right now.\" \"Can't you tell me and then not think about it?\" \"Fine, fine. I met with Annie's teacher. She isn't in trouble or anything. All it is is that she hasn't worked on a certain assignment. She didn't tell me about it and avoided talking to her teacher.\" \"Oh… is that why she was acting strange this morning?\" \"Part of the reason, yes. You see, she has to go through her family history. Given she barely knows her parents' names, she found this troublesome. We worked it out and she's going do what she can with what she knows.\" \"I'm surprised she didn't tell you,\" Oliver said. \"She comes to you for everything.\" \"Yes,\" Grace sighed, \"but she was embarrassed. You know her, tough as nails on the outside but is deep down scared as any child in her position should be.\" Oliver nodded, not wanting to let onto his understanding. \"Now that I've told you, can we please forget it and carry on with the evening?\" With a grin, Oliver said, \"I would like that very much.\" Through the rest of dinner, for the most part, Grace was able to clear her mind. The meal wasn't half as lovely as the dancing afterward. Standing under the chandeliers and staying close to Oliver in his hold, work, Mrs. Holmes and Annie became a distant memory. Oliver was glad of this as her change in demeanor was noticeable. Knowing nothing was wrong allowed him to relax. As he danced with Grace, he realized in full for the first time just how much he'd been missing out on all these years. Before now, he didn't know he could like dancing. He'd arranged it for her sake. Any other time he danced it was for show at some banquet or party. His partners were stiff and methodical. With Grace, the rhythm came naturally. She didn't hold onto him with hands ready to pass judgment on any error in step, nor did she hold him captive with nails digging through his jacket while she talked his ear off with some business or personal proposition. Grace held him with firm hands, but in a pleasant way. When her head wasn't resting on his shoulder or pressed against his cheek, she looked up at him, her eyes wide and content. He knew his smiles back at her must have looked silly, but for once in his life he didn't care. Those months of trying to make sense of how he felt were over. Now that he admitted these emotions aloud they no longer seemed so unusual. It was okay to feel something genuine towards Grace, and towards Annie, too. This didn't make him weaker. In many ways he felt stronger. True, the terrifying moments when Annie was in the hands of criminals were his worst fears realized. But now that everything was calm, he knew that in the long run the good is worth living through the bad. A full ballroom became tiresome. Both were surprised to hear the bells chime nine o'clock. After a final dance they decided to start home. Oliver sent The Asp ahead of them with the car. Tonight they would walk. The cold air wasn't a bother. Grace was glad for the it despite the fact her feet were sore from dancing. Had she known the night's plans she would have chosen different attire. The blisters and ache were worth it in the end. She couldn't remember the last time she took a stroll through the city aside from walks in the park with Annie. Keeping one arm around him the entire time, she listened to Oliver talk about this place and that place, nothing of real significance. She marveled at his tone and was pleased to see how at ease felt with her. A few people stared at them, but nothing was said. Having forgotten she'd given Annie permission to stay up, Grace was surprised when the little girl came running downstairs to greet them the second they got in. \"Finally, you're home!\" \"Annie, what are you doing out of bed?\" Oliver asked, his annoyance evident. \"Grace said I could wait until you got home. Do you wanna see what I did for my project?\" \"Well,\" Grace laughed, \"I'm glad to see you're in better spirits about it now.\" \"That's because I'm gonna have the best tree yet! It might not be the same, but it'll be the best!\" Oliver, stepping away from Grace's side, patted Annie's head. \"Can we look at it tomorrow?\" \"It won't take me long. Please? I've been waitin' and waitin' for you to come back and see it. What took you so long?\" \"Time got away from us,\" Grace answered. \"Please, please, please?\" Tapping Oliver's shoulder, Grace said, \"I did tell her I would look over what she finished tonight.\" Oliver sighed knowing this interruption would not be as short as proposed. \"Fine, let's go take a look.\" Annie talked a mile a minute once she led Grace and Oliver to her mini-study. She showed them the design of her tree which had four spaces. Her mother, her father, Grace, and Oliver. Grace grew nervous at the sight of Oliver's name on the paper and made it a point not to look at him to see his reaction. She didn't expect to have this conversation with him yet. Annie then showed them the beginning of her paper explaining each spot and which role each person played in her life. \"At first I was real scared that the other kids would think it's strange, but once I got goin' I got real excited instead. I have four people. I bet no one else has more than two. Here I thought I'd have nobody to do my project on!\" Grace smiled. \"I think it's wonderful, Annie. Absolutely wonderful.\" \"Quite creative,\" Oliver added. \"You think Mrs. Holmes will let me do it?\" \"I'm sure she'll be thrilled,\" Grace said. \"Leapin' lizards, I can't wait to go to school tomorrow. Can I go early so I can show Mrs. Holmes before class?\" \"Of course, dear.\" \"Now,\" Oliver said, \"you should be getting to bed.\" \"Okay. You can tell me how your date went tomorrow,\" Annie grinned. After saying goodnight to Annie, Oliver and Grace went downstairs to the three season room for tea. Grace continued avoiding Oliver's eye for a while as they sat. After his chatter on the way home, the sudden quiet made her anxious. Hadn't she warned Annie he might not be keen on helping? She knew she didn't mean any harm. It went together with her wish for a family. Accepting their unconventional take on the title was taking time. Grace didn't blame her, she only wished she could better explain the irrational fears in Oliver. She decided it was a good sign he hadn't made an excuse to leave the room then and there. Maybe he liked the idea. Maybe he was touched by the gesture. However, a big part of her couldn't believe this. He still was getting used to treating Annie in a friendly way rather than a boarder in his home. She wasn't sure how much time went by. All she knew was that the bottom of her teacup was now visible and Oliver was no longer sitting across from her but rather standing by the windows and looking out over the garden. When he failed to look back when she stirred and set down her cup and saucer on the coffee table, Grace knew she would have to be the first to speak. Standing now herself, she took slow steps in Oliver's direction, wording what she might say in her head all the while. She toyed with the idea of ignoring the entire thing and picking up where they were before walking through the front door. How much easier it would be, she though. But, she knew doing this would only keep her perseverating. For all she knew he was giving her space because perhaps he figured she needed to think over the situation herself. By the time she reached his side, she decided to let her instinct decide her words. \"Are you thinking about Annie's project?\" \"Hmm?\" he mumbled as he turned his head to look at her. \"Oh, no.\" Unconvinced, she asked, \"What are you thinking about?\" \"Nothing of importance.\" \"You're distracted with something. I wish you'd tell me what it is.\" \"It's nothing, Grace. Just processing the day. It has been rather busy. I've been up since 4:30 this morning.\" \"That's true. Why don't you head up to bed? Remember, you have another telephone conference with President Roosevelt.\" \"Damn,\" he grumbled. \"I did forget.\" \"It won't be so bad.\" \"Then you talk to him for me.\" \"Oliver…\" \"Fine, but I reserve the right to hang up on him.\" \"But you won't because you know he'll keep calling back until you pick up again.\" \"As usual, you're unfortunately correct.\" Grace gave a soft smile and continued to watch him for a few seconds. His expression didn't change much. While his jaw wasn't tight like it usually was when under any kind of stress, she couldn't call his expression relaxed. Not wanting to risk pestering him, she decided to let him be. He might be telling the truth. He was tired. Taking hold of his arm, she pulled him towards her, kissed his cheek, and said goodnight. Oliver stopped her from walking too far away by catching her hand and then tugging her back. \"You call that a goodnight kiss?\" he said with a slight grin. Grace chuckled. \"No, I suppose not.\" After a proper few kisses, Oliver let her go deciding sleep would do some good. He watched her has she walked away, thinking of the evening they shared. He hated himself for the resentment he felt towards Annie for the interruption. While nothing would have been much different than it was with the detour, he wished he'd been able to hold on to his earlier thoughts without having to think of yet another task. Why did she want to include him in her tree? Sure, they spent some time together, but not enough where it made sense to go deep into his past for her. Doing right by Grace had been enough of a challenge these days. Annie was supposed to be the easy one. How was he to tell her he didn't want to be involved? If it was a simple mention of his name, fine. No harm there. But from what Grace said at dinner, it sounded like a whole in-depth background. He wasn't ready to go into this with anyone. Saying he wanted no part in it wasn't an option. Not only would it disappoint Annie, but Grace as well. What made it worse was that he knew Grace was aware of how he felt the minute they saw the paper. He almost told her, but no matter how he put the words together in his mind, nothing sounded polite enough. Even if he did want to take part he knew he couldn't. With all the work missed in recent weeks, months even, the workload was more packed than ever. Digging up names and relations would take far too much time out of a day if not more. Annie was better off sticking to her birth parents and her story with Grace. His part only started in recent days, despite how Annie may think otherwise. For a while, he tried talking himself into it being a good idea. He tried to imagine the kids and parents being impressed by whatever Annie might say about him and then go home and tell their friends and the rest of their family. Some good publicity never hurt. But no matter what good might come, the bad outweighed it. Tomorrow he would have to say tell Annie to remove his space no matter what the repercussions. Grace would forgive him in time and Annie wouldn't pout forever. He'd put up with any lectures and avoidance. In the end, they would trust his reasons and move on. . . . Grace tossed and turned several times before surrendering to the fact she wasn't going to fall asleep. Too many things ran through her mind. Did she remember to send the important documents Oliver needed to be shipped to London? Was Mrs. Holmes going to scold Annie for her behavior? Did Oliver enjoy dinner as much as she did? Was he really just tired when he got home? And would the huge blister on the side of her little toe stop stinging by morning? Another thing she wondered was how the concept of Annie's project may be received. By Christmas, the news of her and Oliver would be public one way or another. Having Annie stand in front of her classmates and their parents and tell them that she and Oliver were her new family could raise questions. If it wasn't bad enough that she worked for Oliver, living under the same roof could be taken the wrong way. Who would believe it was innocent? Seeing as Annie has little to go on about her birth parents, Grace imagined a majority of her paper would center around her life since coming to the mansion. Knowing Annie, she would tell the story of the months leading up to when they got together. While she, of course, wouldn't mean any harm, every time Grace closed her eyes she could see the side glances of the mothers and the sly grins toward Oliver from the fathers. All at once this once-thought good idea seemed more like a disaster. Sitting up and turning on the lamp, Grace inspected her foot. Worried by the redness of the blister, she decided to get up and get ice for it. Fortunately, walking was much easier when she wasn't wearing shoes. Making her way to the kitchen, she thought of suggestions she could make to Annie in hopes of swinging the focus of her paper as much towards her parents as possible. The only thing she came up with was having her write about how she became close with the girls from her dorm at the orphanage. She'd seen them all together enough times to know they had a deep bond through thick and thin. Still, that would only take up so much. Annie already made it clear she wanted her focus to be mother and father figures. If only there was more information on her birth parents. Walking back to her room after her trip to fill an ice pack, Grace began to wonder if there was, in fact, further information about Annie parents. Miss Hannigan said the police left a box of their stuff at the orphanage when they passed. Perhaps it was still there as some sort of record. If she moved fast, she might still have time to catch it before it moved on someplace else. Even if the box was no longer kept, she knew now the names to look for. With Oliver's connections, she could find out some history. Relief came over her with the solution. The only problem was that she wouldn't know for sure how much she could dig up until later on tomorrow and Annie was handing in her sketch first thing in the morning. Was it fair not to tell her? Then again, even if she did, what could she do about it in the time between waking up and going to school? She didn't see another choice, though. It would be much more harmful to build her hopes up on gathering information than it would be to have her remake her design. Now all she needed to hope was that her intuition was correct about Oliver's thoughts toward the idea. If he was happy after all, she would hate to take the joy away from him. She figured this part was at the bottom of her list of worries. If his heart was set on it then she would allow Annie to incorporate both no matter what gossip it may bring.[Chapter 3] Grace sat at the breakfast table, her plate untouched beside her and the day's to-do list at her fingertips. To herself, she mumbled the schedule and rearranged certain tasks in order to open up time for a trip to the orphanage. While the errand shouldn't take more than an hour, she wanted to leave two just in case. If Oliver didn't need her during the conference call then she would be set and able to leave a couple hours before it was time to pick Annie up from school. \"I thought your new rule was no work at the dining table,\" Oliver said preceding a good morning kiss on Grace's cheek. \"I'm not working. I'm going over what work needs to be done. I have to be honest with you… I fell behind on my tasks yesterday. I know I should have told you when you got home and should have postponed dinner, but I was so looking forward to it. I had such a wonderful time, too, which isn't helping my guilt.\" Oliver laughed. \"So I noticed after you'd gone to bed. I finished up a few things for you.\" \"I'm so sorry. I know you're over scheduled as it is. I promise it won't happen again.\" \"Grace, it's okay. I know you were called to Annie's school. Besides, I wouldn't have let you miss dinner. Where is Annie anyways?\" he asked as he sat down. \"She already ate and is taking Sandy for a walk. She should be back any minute and I'll take her to school.\" \"I'm not that late.\" \"I'm taking her early, remember?\" \"Oh, yes.\" Swapping her planner with her meal, she asked before taking a bite of sausage, \"Will you need me for dictation when you speak with President Roosevelt?\" \"I don't believe so. Any reason?\" \"I thought I might use the time to get a few errands done during that time.\" \"Sure, I don't see why not.\" Annie returned to the dining room not long after the last words between them were said. Sandy was off somewhere else, wired from his walk, and Annie stood before Grace and Oliver with her coat on and bag hung over her shoulder. \"Come on, Grace, let's go!\" \"Can't you at least say good morning first?\" Grace motioned toward Oliver. \"Good morning, Mr. Warbucks.\" \"Good morning, Annie.\" \"Now can we go?\" Annie asked. \"Give me a couple more minutes to finish eating and I will be all set.\" Annie's shoulders dropped along with a sigh. \"Okay… just hurry.\" \"You don't have to be the first in the building, sweetheart,\" Grace said. \"But I gotta be there right as Mrs. Holmes gets there. I don't want any of the other kids to see what I'm doing.\" Nerves making a reappearance, Grace said, \"Remember you're only handing in a rough draft. Your project may change as you go on. Even if other kids are there it will still be a surprise by the end.\" \"Not as much of a surprise it will be if I get there before them.\" Grace looked over at Oliver to see his eyes cast down at his dish. Her hunch was confirmed by the way he studied his eggs. He was avoiding this conversation in full. In fear of anything further being said before she had a chance for plan B, she took the napkin from her lap and wrapped it around her partially eaten pieces of toast. \"You win. I'll finish in the car.\" . . . Lunch didn't come fast enough. All morning Grace battled an awkward silence with Oliver. It got to the point where he couldn't look her in the eye for more than a few seconds at a time. Had it not been for his conference, she would have forced him to talk to her. A few times she opened her mouth to speak despite his preparations, but in the end, decided against it. Her mind was also elsewhere. They could talk later that evening. Given the silence, Grace opted to head out on her errand at noon rather than eating with Oliver. Oliver was relieved. He worried she would use their lunchtime to talk. Her staring was obvious through the sides of his eyes and knew before the day was up there would be some sort of a conversation. At least if she waited until later it gave him more time to come up with an argument. He didn't know why he felt so bothered by Annie's project, but he didn't want Grace trying to figure it out for him. The feeling would pass. Some space from her might prove to be all he needed. The past couple weeks together, before and after they fully admitted to how they felt, had been wonderful… but it happened fast. One day he was scolding himself for seeing her as anything other than an employee before one impulsive kiss, then after unable to stay away from her. And for the most part they didn't. Even when they worked it seemed as though they sat closer together and broke for idle conversation during the more mundane tasks. Everything was nice, but now a strange feeling of fear began creeping over him. What in particular scared him, he didn't know. By 12:30, Grace walked up to the steps of the Hudson Street Home for Girls. A chill ran down her spine. Here's a place she never imagined she'd see again. Despite the fact she knew it wouldn't be Miss Hannigan opening the door, she hesitated a moment before moving her hand forward to knock. Doubt riddled her brain. What seemed like a foolproof plan back home now seemed like a shot in the dark. Even if the box was still there it didn't mean the new matron knew its whereabouts if even its existence at all. Looking back at the car it was tempting to turn around and head back to 5th Avenue where she could browse some shops until it was time to pick Annie up from school. Then, the thought of Annie and her sad expression that first time they spoke of building her family tree. Project or no project, the little girl deserved to know her history as much as possible. Grace was fortunate to be in a position where she could go to any length to find that information. Old fears and the risk of causing someone temporary annoyance was no excuse. Within seconds after her knock, the door to the orphanage opened and Grace was greeted by a young woman, looking to be in her mid-twenties. \"I thought I saw someone standing there. Hello, how can I help you?\" \"Good afternoon,\" Grace said with her hand extended, \"my name is Grace Farrell. I'm sorry to bother you as I'm sure you're busy getting settled into your position here. I'm here to inquire about obtaining more information about an orphan who used to be here. Her name is Annie.\" \"Oh, yes,\" the woman smiled. \"I know you. Well, I've heard about you in the papers. It's just awful what happened to her.\" \"Yes. Fortunately, she's a tough little thing. You'd never know anything happened to look at her.\" \"I'm glad to hear it. My name is Cynthia Lennon. It's nice to meet you, Miss Farrell. I will try to help you as best I can, but as you're aware I'm still in the organization process.\" \"Of course, thank you so much.\" As they walked to the office, Grace could already tell changes had been made. No children were scrubbing the hallways. A lot of them were sitting in what used to be the sewing room with a tutor and a few halls down she could hear another group eating lunch. The air was much lighter, and the sun shone through various windows. Cynthia appeared to be the exact opposite of Miss Hannigan. For this she was thankful. In the office, Cynthia sat at what used to me Miss Hannigan's desk. The top of it was still in disarray, but Grace couldn't fault her for it under the circumstances. \"What in particular are you looking to know?\" \"Miss Hannigan told us she was given a box of belongings after Annie's parents passed away. I'm hoping it's here so I can give it to Annie. I'm also hoping there will be some more information about them. All I know is that their names were David and Margaret Bennett.\" \"I can check in the closet back here, but it may take a little while. Not many of the boxes are labeled and there's a good chance it's no longer here.\" \"Oh…\" Grace said. \"I'd hate to make you spend too much time.\" \"I don't mind. I can glance now, but I can have a better look after the children have gone to bed. If you want I can call you if anything turns up. I've been meaning to tackle the mess in there anyways.\" \"If you're sure it's no trouble.\" \"None at all.\" \"Thank you so much. I can't tell you how much this means to me as well as Annie.\" \"I hope something will turn up,\" Cynthia said. \"So do I.\" Grace had The Asp drive her around for a little while after leaving the orphanage. She felt bad for the feeling of disappointment. Right from the start she knew there was a chance nothing would turn up. Now the task would have to include Oliver. He had the connection to the proper authorities, not her. Until she knew the reasons behind his disposition, she feared to make any mention. She thought of ways around Oliver. Not that she intended to keep this all a secret from him. Part of her knew he was feeling overwhelmed with everything hanging over his head. Adding yet another item to the list might push him over the edge. Besides, she could handle this on her own, couldn't she? If she got hold of his phone book, which wouldn't be difficult, she could call these people herself. Most of them knew her or knew of her. Oliver wouldn't be angry once he knew her reasons for contacting them. Unfortunately, this would take time. Possibly months. Annie needed some sort of an answer now… and she knew of only one person who could give her those answers. \"No, Franklin. How many times do I have to repeat myself? While I agree that these jobs are good pocket money for families, I do not agree that it is the solution to the finical crisis. I made myself perfectly clear when I was in Washington as well as when we spoke the other day.\" Not ten minutes into their conversation and Oliver was ready to slam the phone down and ignore its ring for the rest of the day. What was it about this man that made his blood boil? He started to wish he'd gone back to Washington with Annie. At least when she was there Roosevelt paid less attention to him — both a good and bad thing. Roosevelt went on for a while after Oliver's last statement, which he soon tuned out. During this time, he noticed Grace sneaking into the room. Covering the mouthpiece with his palm, he asked, \"Back so soon, Grace?\" Grace jumped at the sound of her name. \"Oh, hello Oliver. I thought you were on a call.\" \"I am, but I've stopped listening for the time being. Is anything the matter?\" Grace shook her head. \"I'm only here for a moment. I'm just looking for something.\" \"I hear you, Franklin,\" Oliver said into the phone before placing his hand over it again and saying to Grace, \"What do you need?\" Biting her lip, Grace searched for an answer that wouldn't raise too many questions, although, if she were going to say something, now might be the ideal time as he appeared more willing to talk to her than the president. \"I just need some information… for the orphanage. I stopped in to see if everything was up and running. Much better than what we each saw before.\" \"Oh, good. I've been curious about that myself to tell you the truth. What do they need, a fresh set of signed papers regarding Annie.\" \"No, they need, um, some information about Miss Hannigan.\" \"Why on earth — Absolutely not! That kind of figure is out of the question.\" Oliver pointed to the phone and then whispered to Grace, \"I can't talk about this now. Whatever you need is on top of the filing cabinet.\" After mouthing a thank you, Grace took the thin folder Oliver pointed out and left the room before he had another moment to ask questions. Hopefully between his arguments with Franklin and Annie's typical after-school chatter, by tonight he'd forget this conversation ever took place. Grace remained in the car for a few moments after it parked to double check the address on the paper in front of her. A couple times she looked up at the building to her right. She was impressed Oliver provided this woman with semi-decent housing. Not at all what she expected from him. \"Are you getting out, Miss?\" The Asp asked. Letting out a sigh, Grace nodded. \"I suppose I have to.\" \"Would you like for me to accompany you?\" \"No,\" she said. \"No, thank you. I should go in myself.\" The Asp nodded into the mirror before getting out to open Grace's door. \"Very well. I will be waiting for you here.\" With another breath after stepping outside the car, Grace approached the apartment complex. Apartment 11 she remembered to look for once inside. When she found it, she decided not to hesitate knocking despite the fact a knot had formed in her stomach. \"Yeah?\" a voice sounded from the other side of the door. \"Miss Hannigan? It's Grace Farrell.\" \"Farrell? What do you want?\" \"Miss Hannigan, I would like to talk to you about Annie.\" The door remained closed. \"What about?\" \"Nothing against you. I have a couple of questions about her in general.\" After the slow sound of a lock unlatching, Agatha opened the door a crack. \"Never thought I'd be seeing you again.\" \"Likewise,\" Grace mumbled. Unconvinced of the intentions of the visit, Agatha began with a nervous ramble. \"Look, whatever she told you I did, I'm sorry. I don't want anything to do with her, don't you worry.\" Agatha began shutting the door, but Grace stopped it with her foot. \"Miss Hannigan, I'm not here to reprimand you. I'm hoping you'll be able to tell me more about her — her records and past I mean. You mentioned something about the police dropping belongings off when they passed. I went to the orphanage earlier this afternoon but the new matron isn't organized yet. She's going to take a look, although, it may take a while.\" \"So, what's the hurry?\" Agatha asked. \"Annie would like to know for a school project.\" With a sigh, Agatha opened the door to let Grace inside. \"I guess I owe it to ya. I appreciate you not sending me to jail.\" \"I appreciate you trying to stop your brother from hurting her.\"' Agatha stiffened. \"Yeah, well… what do you wanna know?\" \"Anything I can.\" \"Look, Farrell. In my time running that orphanage I went through hundreds and hundreds of files for hundreds and hundreds of kids. I can't possibly remember everything in Annie's file.\" \"Forgive me for saying this, but didn't you go through it with your brother and his girlfriend?\" \"Oh, I was hoping you wouldn't remember that part.\" \"If this is too awkward for you please say so.\" \"Let's just say I'm surprised you want to be in the same room as me.\" \"Yes, it came to a surprise to me as well,\" Grace said. \"But this is important to Annie.\" \"Well, you can sit down if you want.\" \"The place looks nice.\" \"Yeah. Thanks for not choosing a dump.\" \"You can thank Oliver for that.\" \"Oliver, huh? No more Mr. Warbucks?\" Agatha almost smiled. For whatever reason, Grace felt embarrassed by the statement and blushed. \"Yes, well, that isn't important.\" \"I knew you liked him.\" \"I beg your pardon?\" Agatha chuckled. \"That day you came and took Annie. I knew by the way you talked about him that you wanted him.\" \"Excuse me?\" Grace gasped. \"I don't remember saying more than his name.\" \"It was the way you said it and the way you corrected me about him being a billionaire.\" \"Miss Hannigan, I find this conversation rather inappropriate and none of your concern. I came here to talk about Annie.\" \"I don't know want you want me to tell you. Feel free to sit down but their names are the best I got, which I already told you. I can give you that half of her locket and her actual birth certificate with her real name, but even then you already know her date of birth.\" \"You kept her locket?\" Grace asked. \"Rooster had it and the police gave it to me. I didn't think it was a good idea to throw it out. I'll go get it.\" \"Thank you… it will mean a lot to Annie, I'm sure.\" Agatha went into another room without response, coming back about a minute later with the paper and locket in hand. \"Here you go,\" she said as she handed them to Grace. \"Thank you very much. Are you sure you don't know anything else?\" \"If I do, I wouldn't trust the information. It's kind of a blur.\" \"Then do you know where I might find it?\" \"There's a file at the orphanage. Don't ask me where. I left the place a mess.\" \"So I've heard.\" \"I don't know why you bothered to ask me. Your boyfriend there can probably track down the day her parents first met.\" Again, Grace blushed. She'd never heard or thought of Oliver in those terms. It didn't sound right in a way. He was… Oliver. \"I'm afraid it's not as simple as you may think.\" \"You'll just have to wait until that file is found. Even so, I wouldn't get your hopes up. You're still going to have to do some searching for other relatives if that's what you're getting at.\" \"But if you have the locket, wouldn't you have been given more of their belongings? Maybe they had photo albums? Old letters, perhaps?\" \"Hell if I know,\" Agatha said, deciding to sit. \"It got mixed up with all the other junk that landed in my custody. You best ask to look through everything yourself. If you did come across a photo album you would probably find resemblances in Annie.\" \"You don't remember anything else at all?\" \"I really don't.\" Grace sighed as she looked at the items in her hands. \"Well, I do appreciate your giving these to Annie. And I appreciate you taking your time.\" \"All I got is time. I work a few hours in the morning and by noon I'm back here until it's time to wake up and do it again.\" \"Yes, I saw that you're working in a diner. I think that's great.\" \"Depends on your perspective.\" \"Beats the alternative, doesn't it?\" Agatha grumbled. \"Yeah, yeah.\" Sensing a resentment growing, Grace stepped back. \"Like before, I've taken up enough of your time. Good day, Miss Hannigan.\" \"Agatha. You can call me Agatha.\" \"Agatha,\" Grace corrected. \"Hold on a moment.\" Grace nodded and let her continue. \"I really do appreciate you and Warbucks letting me off. I know I treated those kids horribly. That's how I was taught to deal with them.\" \"Good heavens, that's how they city handles children?\" \"No… I mean, that was my life growing up. More or less.\" \"Oh,\" Grace said, embarrassed again. \"I'm sorry.\" Agatha said with a wave of your hand, \"When you're a kid you don't notice a difference. You learn. Maybe I was better, maybe I was worse. There were just so many and they kept coming. There wasn't any telling what I was getting into when I went for the job. I was lucky to get it, though. I have to say I miss it.\" \"I thought you hated them?\" \"I did, but at the same time, there was comfort in it, you know? Plus, I didn't depend on tips. As you can imagine, customer service isn't my specialty.\" \"You'll learn it.\" \"You have to want to learn it in order to learn it,\" Agatha said, rolling her eyes. \"Can't you look at this time as an opportunity to start over? A clean slate?\" \"Look, I don't know you and you don't know me. I've spilled my guts out enough. What do you care anyways? You've got good things goin' for you.\" \"I'm… curious, I guess the word is, about you.\" Agatha scoffed. \"What about?\" Taking a seat now as well, Grace replied, \"How you went from going along with the scheme and then changing your mind.\" \"I dunno. It just happened. I really thought we'd just leave her somewhere. Someone would come along eventually and I knew Annie well enough to know she could make it on her own for a few days. I thought Rooster was bluffing when he talked of murder.\" \"But even so, you could have lived discarding her somewhere all for some money?\" \"Not some money. The most money I've seen in one place at one time. It's easy for you. You spend every day in a massive home being served by people in suits. Not only do you have access to a car, but a limo and driver as well. You have nice clothes, well-fixed hair and make-up, everything. Me? Even when I'm dishonest I can't afford the nice things. They're all knockoffs. Now I can't even afford those. I don't get the free board and necessities like I did at the orphanage. I know it's been, what, not two weeks yet? But it's difficult. I was a fool to think that damn plan would ever work.\" Grace looked to the side of her, taking to heart what Agatha has told her. She never thought much of the deeper motives behind her actions — not that she condoned the thoughts in any way. What stood out to her was Agatha's grief coming out in subtle ways. In hindsight, she had been sheltered from many of the realities of the Depression. Though the Newsreels painted a clear picture and she could sympathize, she never had to experience it, therefore, the empathy was missing. \"You're right.\" Agatha squinted her eyes in confusion. \"I am? About what?\" \"It has been easy for me. I haven't understood the desperation that's come from this financial mess. Every day since the crash I have been working for Oliver while he does his part to turn it around, and yet, I've rarely been out here to see it. I was shocked by all the people that came to claim Annie. Over a thousand of them showed up at the door. I couldn't believe the dishonesty. Now I'm wondering more if it was desperation.\" \"Eh,\" Agatha hummed. \"I wouldn't rule out dishonesty completely. I imagine I could have still been convinced to play along for that money even if I was doin' okay.\" \"You might be surprised. You could realize your mistakes like you did this time.\" \"Maybe, maybe not. It doesn't matter anymore.\" \"Agatha,\" Grace started but then paused. \"Yeah?\" Agatha said when Grace failed to continue. \"…Is there anything I can do to help?\" Agatha's shock came out in laughter. \"Why the hell do you want to waste your time helping me?\" Grace shrugged. \"If I'm being honest, I don't have a specific answer.\" \"Look, Farrell, I don't need your pity. I don't need anyone's pity.\" Agatha stood now and started walking towards the door. \"Thanks, I guess, for stopping by.\" \"I'm sorry, Agatha,\" Grace said as she also stood. \"I didn't mean to offend you.\" \"I ain't offended. I'm just making it clear that I don't need charity, at least no more than you've already given me. I'm not some poor lost soul that a couple acts of kindness will cure. I know my life and I know what I've done. I got myself into a mess and nobody but me is gonna get me out of it.\" In defeat, Grace nodded and walked to the opened door. \"I apologize for snooping. Thank you again for the locket.\" \"Don't mention it.\" \"Goodbye,\" Grace said, stepping into the hallway. \"I wish you well.\" \"Yeah,\" Agatha said uncomfortably, \"you too.\" Grace was almost at the stairs when she heard Agatha call after her. \"Listen… if they don't find anything about Annie… I might be able to wrack my brain and remember something.\" Grace gave a soft smile. \"I'd appreciate it very much.\" \"See ya, Farrell.\" \"You can call me Grace.\" Once she was out of the apartment building, Grace noticed that The Asp and the car were not where she left them, nor anywhere in the vicinity of the place. A brief panic set in, instinctively assuming the worst. When she looked at her watch, she realized she'd stayed inside for too long. School let out fifteen minutes ago.[Chapter 4] I'm so sorry about how slowly I'm uploading chapters. This summer has been super busy and I've had a major case of writer's block. Thank you for your patience and continued support! It means a lot :) \"Grace, where have you been?\" Oliver asked when she came into the office. \"Annie's been worried sick, as have I, to be frank.\" \"I'm sorry, Oliver. I lost track of time. The Asp took the car to pick Annie up and I had to walk home.\" \"He's out looking for you now.\" \"I didn't mean to cause an upset. I told you I had an errand to run. The Asp knew where I was, too.\" \"When he and Annie went back to get you they said you'd gone.\" \"I don't know what else to say besides I'm sorry. I'll go tell Annie I'm home and I'll be back down here in a few minutes.\" \"Wait a minute,\" Oliver said. \"Where were you, anyhow?\" Grace shrugged. \"Had to stop by the orphanage. I told you, remember?\" \"The Asp said you weren't at the orphanage when I went to call them.\" Grace pursed her lips, searching for another focal point in the room. \"Grace?\" Oliver said when she failed to say anything more. \"Where were you? Why don't you want to tell me?\" \"It's… a surprise.\" \"A surprise? What kind of surprise?\" \"You'll just have to wait and find out, won't you?\" \"You know,\" he said while tapping his fingers against his forearm, \"I've never been one to enjoy a surprise.\" \"Not even a good one?\" \"Not even a good one.\" Hooking her lip between two of her teeth, Grace thought fast. \"I was sorting out arrangements for… an outing. You know, for us? I thought it might be fun. I so very much enjoyed our dinner date together.\" Oliver wasn't quite convinced but nonetheless gave a smile. \"Yeah? What sort of an outing?\" Grace shrugged. \"Oh, you know… I thought we'd get some dinner and take in a show. Maybe a carriage ride afterward?\" \"It sounds nice, although, I don't understand how making reservations made you miss getting Annie from school and take so long getting home.\" \"I was at the theatre. I had to argue about getting your preferred seats for the particular evening I had in mind. On my way home I got sidetracked looking at some dresses in shop windows. My pace wasn't speedy to begin with. After last night my feet are rather sore.\" \"We didn't do that much walking.\" \"Between the walk, the dancing, and the particular shoes I wore…\" \"I see,\" he said with a nod. \"Why didn't you take a taxi?\" \"I did for a little more than half the way home. It took a while to stop one.\" \"I suppose that's fair enough…\" Grace forced a smile as she walked over to him. Giving his lips a quick peck, she then said, \"See? There's nothing to worry about.\" \"How exactly were you planning to surprise me?\" \"I was going to mark you down for a meeting.\" \"When?\" \"…Sometime next week? Oh, Oliver, please do let me have some element of surprise.\" With a chuckle, he agreed. \"Speaking of meetings, I need your help preparing my notes for tomorrow.\" \"Very well,\" she said, \"but would you mind terribly if I freshened up first? The air is damp today and I'm sure my hair is a sight after being in the wind.\" \"I don't know,\" Oliver said as he brushed a few stray strands to the side. \"I rather like the messy look.\" He grinned, former hesitations now dissipated. Playfully swatting his shoulder, Grace shook her head. \"Oh, no. It's too early for that tone. I'm going to run upstairs to fix myself up and check on Annie. I'll be back here in a few minutes to get to work.\" After another peck, this time on his cheek, she left him to find Annie. As she walked upstairs, she scolded herself for such blatant lies and wondered how she was going to make arrangements without him finding out. Not even a month into their relationship and already she was being dishonest. And why? Because she was too ashamed to admit to her visit with Miss Hannigan? She hadn't gone for a friendly visit and to condone all she'd done to Annie. Her reasons were legitimate. Was she worried to bring up the project again now that he was acting more like himself? Or was she too scared to admit the sympathy she felt as Agatha spoke? If this were the case, it was the fear of him taking her compassion the wrong way. She would come clean soon enough. She didn't dare say anything more about the project until she first talked with Annie and then with him about his earlier demeanor. Her actions did no harm… and yet she couldn't shake the feeling that she in some way betrayed him. . . . Talking with Annie went better than Grace imagined. Careful consideration went into each word and somehow got through to the little girl without complication. She understood how putting both Grace and Oliver together in such a way could be misunderstood. Fortunately, Annie didn't ask many questions as to what in particular. She told her the truth of her whereabouts that afternoon, needing to know how she felt about the association. Given the nature of her visit, Annie was more grateful than unsettled. Anyways, she knew well how Miss Hannigan attempted to detour Rooster in his rage, ultimately being a major contributor in saving her life. Remembering the other half of the locket, Grace reached into her pocket and marveled at Annie's reaction as she put the two pieces together. Her eyes shimmered with happy tears before she flung her arms around Grace's shoulders. Having to tell her to keep it discreet from Oliver tainted the moment, especially having to admit the reasons why. Again, Annie appeared to be understanding. Still, she didn't want to advocate fibbing. A brief thought passed her mind, remembering other times she confided in the child. While she might not tell him outright, excitement may get the best of her in the end. Should Oliver begin to ask questions about the project before given the chance to tell him, Annie might say too much by accident. Now all that was left to do was to somehow make the arrangements for the 'surprise' date whilst keeping up with her work. The last thing she needed right now was an argument about letting her priorities fall through. So far they avoided these kinds of discussions since their relationship took a romantic turn. Best not tempt fate, she knew. Date or no date, starting now her mind needed to be focused on her duties. This resolve was reinforced when she heard a softer, yet firm, version of Oliver's infamous bellow for her from downstairs. Aside from a phone call here and there, Grace put matters other than work aside for the evening. Doing so was another task in and of itself. Annie needed help with math homework, Sandy dug a hole in the rose bed, and Oliver resumed his mood from that morning. Times like these she could appreciate the mothers and wives who kept families five times the size of this immediate household under control and running. Work didn't cease until after midnight. For dinner, Mrs. Pugh prepared sandwiches and soup, although, Grace's bowl was cold by the time she got to it. Oliver took care of helping Annie with homework while Grace prepared contract negotiation notes. When he rejoined her they spent the rest of the night catching up on paperwork and letters. \"You're beginning to glaze over,\" Oliver said half past midnight. After a yawn, Grace replied, \"I'm sorry. I think I need a cup of coffee.\" \"How about we call it a night instead?\" \"Are you sure?\" she asked. \"The little bit we have left can wait until morning.\" Grace nodded, hoping her relief wasn't too evident. Oliver rose from his chair and stretched. Grace watched without movement, contemplating whether or not she should bring up Annie's project tonight or not. Her decision had to be made quickly though as her gaze did not go unnoticed by Oliver. \"What is it?\" he questioned. Grace shook her head. \"Nothing.\" Oliver humored her, too tired for a back and forth. \"Are you going straight to bed or would you like to sit and have a drink first?\" \"Maybe not a drink,\" she said as she stood, \"but maybe a cup of tea.\" \"A wiser idea. I'll ring for Drake.\" \"Oh, Oliver, it's so late. I don't want to wake him for this. We can manage ourselves.\" \"Fine, fine,\" he grumbled. \"However, you seem to be missing the purpose of a butler.\" \"I know, but it doesn't hurt to give him a break once in a while, either. You must've seen the poor man's face when he saw Sandy's muddy paw prints everywhere.\" \"You're right,\" Oliver smirked. \"He deserves a week off for that one.\" Grace laughed along with him as they started for the kitchen. Once the water was boiled they went to sit in the living room. Grace smiled whenever she saw Oliver set foot in there. Before Annie's arrival it was a rarity — nor did he refer to it as a living room. Having come from an ordinary background she couldn't find anything homey about a 'drawing room'. Then again, Oliver didn't build his house to be a home, and she figured part of the reasoning was due to the fact he never felt as though he had one. \"Give me those feet,\" Oliver said as they sat down on the couch. \"Excuse me?\" \"I see the way you've been walking. Still worn out from the endeavor of yours, hmm?\" As she kicked off her shoes, Grace replied, \"Yes… you aren't still upset with me, are you?\" \"I was worried when you were gone for so long and without explanation. It's not like you.\" \"Or maybe it's the first time you're noticing?\" \"What do you mean?\" \"I've left on errands plenty of times without an itinerary.\" \"True, but you're always punctual.\" Hearing nerves enter his tone, she asked, \"Were you worried I wasn't coming back?\" Keeping his eyes cast down at her legs, he said, \"I was afraid you were hurt or lost. So I suppose in a way, yes.\" Grace reached out for his arm. \"There's no need to worry about me getting lost. I know this city well.\" \"You can't help any sort of accident.\" \"I know, but it isn't likely.\" Oliver kept silent. Grace watched his expression change a few times, waiting for him to go on. During this time, a certain thought came to her. \"This is about what happened to Annie, isn't it?\" He didn't reply. \"It is,\" she said after a few more seconds. \"I don't know. Perhaps.\" \"Oliver, listen to me.\" She sat up and moved more in sight of his face. \"What happened with Annie was a bizarre occurrence. It was horrendous and terrifying and it's probably something neither of us will be able to forget. But it's not going to happen again. Not to me and not to Annie.\" \"You can't be sure.\" \"But I am. Annie is here to stay. Nobody is going to come after her again. If they do, we know they aren't going to get far. As for me, I'm not aware of any enemies.\" \"Okay, so I don't think the exact same scenario will occur again, especially not to you, but something could still happen that I can't control. That's what I can't bear. It happened with my brother and then to Annie. Lately, it feels like I'm waiting for the moment something bad happens to you.\" Grace stared at his chin, not wanting to know if the look in his eyes matched his voice. \"I shouldn't have said anything,\" he then finished. \"No, Oliver, I'm glad you did. I wish there was a way to promise you that nothing will happen to me,\" she said as she leaned her forehead against his cheekbone. \"I know I'm being unreasonable. I don't want you to feel bad. I'll get over it soon enough.\" \"Is this why you've been acting so strange today?\" \"Have I?\" \"Ever since Annie showed us her project last night you've been standoffish.\" \"Have I?\" \"Yes.\" Oliver shut his eyes as he leaned his head back. \"I'm so bad at this.\" \"Bad at what?\" Grace questioned. \"Relationships. At least personal relationships. I'm not so bad in business terms.\" \"What does this have to do with Annie's project?\" \"It made me nervous. You know, my name being written on that paper and all? It seemed so official.\" \"I don't understand… I thought you wanted Annie to stay. Weren't you just saying how-\" \"Oh, I do want her to stay,\" Oliver corrected. \"I don't mean to sound like feel otherwise. I'm glad Annie is here. It worried me more when I thought she was gone. It just doesn't feel right that I be a part of anything like a family tree. I haven't cared for her the way you have.\" \"If you're not comfortable with it you only have to say so. She will understand.\" \"But she was so excited.\" \"Sure, but she'd rather you be honest with her than hold it in and let the discomfort come out in different ways. She's very perceptive.\" \"I suppose you're right.\" \"Is that's all that's bothering you?\" Oliver sighed. \"Yeah…\" \"Oliver…\" After a moment, he caved. \"I don't want to let you down, either.\" \"How are you letting me down?\" \"I know how much she means to you. I don't want you to think I don't care enough about her, I do. I just… don't know how to say it.\" \"You don't have to explain yourself,\" Grace said before leaning over to kiss his cheek. \"I mean it.\" \"I have to say something to Annie.\" \"Why don't you let me handle it?\" she suggested, feeling her earlier guilt return. One more lie, she thought. Now she was depriving Oliver of an important conversation in order to cover her tracks. \"I suppose that'd be best. I don't want to make matters worse.\" He sighed again. \"There's nothing to be made worse.\" \"Are you sure?\" She answered with a smile, pushing her guilt aside for the time being. \"I'm positive.\" It was funny to see him, a man who prided himself on being on top of everything acting so uncertain. She couldn't help but feel endeared. \"You're terrific,\" Oliver said. Turning to wrap his arms around her, he brought his head closer to hers. \"As are you…\"[Chapter 5] Once again I am very sorry for the delay! Grace woke the next morning feeling groggy and a tad nauseous. Her sleep was anything but steady. Though she should have been exhausted given the fact she didn't go upstairs until nearly 2:30, she found herself restless all night. Now the sun came through her windows and the sound of the maids getting ready for their morning chores echoed through the walls. Soon Annie would be running through the door to tell her it's time to get up and go to breakfast. Oliver told her not to stress herself in getting to work given the hour they said goodnight but she didn't see the point of sleeping in when she would only doze off here and there. Her guilt had grown immensely in the past hours. Oliver opened up to her, something she knew wasn't easy for him, and yet she couldn't find it in herself to be honest in return. Not twenty-four hours had gone by since her first mis-truth and already she was struggling to keep track of what had and hadn't been said. No doubt this was the major contributor to her unsettled stomach. She prayed she'd hear from the orphanage soon about any files on Annie. The sooner she got more information, the sooner she could stop by to see Agatha again in hopes to prompt any memories she may have, and the sooner she could tell Oliver. By then he will have had time to settle which would provide more of a chance for a rational discussion. The day dragged on. Fortunately, Oliver was in a better mood after their discussion overnight. Though, he appeared unusually tired. Late nights didn't faze him. He could be out straight from morning to long after midnight and not bat an eye come morning. The past weeks must be catching up to him, she thought. Quite frankly they'd caught up to her as well. What she wouldn't give for a few days off. While work slowed around the events of Annie, they hardly were days of rest. But then she had to wonder, did she need rest, or did she want rest? She'd known business and preoccupation in most of her adult life. Now the preoccupations were personal. From here forward her decisions would affect both Annie and Oliver. Most of her was okay with this, but she couldn't help but feel overwhelmed seeing as she hadn't had much time to process everything that occurred these past weeks. What was she thinking - Taking on another project with finding information about Annie's parents? Of course she wanted the child to know as much about her past as possible, but the timing wasn't practical. Research was possible with time, not for school report deadlines. Her energy should be spent in continuing efforts to catch up with work as well as settling down into a new familial routine. This reasoning was forgotten by lunchtime. The juggling continued as she finalized plans for her and Oliver the coming week, did her usual work, and followed up with the orphanage. It was little surprise when Cynthia admitted she hadn't found a moment to check any records. Grace felt guilty for asking so soon but it wasn't leaving her mind. More because she wanted it off of her mental to-do list than to give Annie time to work a project around whatever was or wasn't found. Once she was home from school, an impromptu interview was added to her plate. Annie came in and out of the room asking Grace for tidbits about her life. It seemed as though she settled on a strong incorporation of Grace's history. Grace, of course, was fine with this, however not while she was busy putting together a speech Oliver was to deliver to an upstate factory due in a couple days. In her guilt, she didn't have the heart to tell Annie to come back some other time. By dinner time, Grace could hardly keep her eyes open. Tiredness wasn't something she was accustomed to, either. For a minute she had to wonder if she was falling ill with something. And yet, she found nothing wrong with her appetite when Drake brought out a nice roast. Her sleepiness didn't go unnoticed by Oliver. He insisted she call it an early night, but she wasn't prepared for the work that would be added on to tomorrow's schedule. \"I'm fine, Oliver,\" Grace insisted as they walked back to the office after having gone on a walk with Annie and Sandy. \"The air helped. We had a late night, that's all.\" \"I've never seen you so worn out. All I ask is you take it easy for a little while.\" \"You're in no better shape than I am,\" she pointed out. \"I'm fine,\" Oliver said. \"See, then? We're both fine.\" \"Okay, you win. Let's still finish up here by the time Annie goes to bed, shall we? I'm very much looking forward to a glass of Brandy while watching you work on your quilt.\" As she reached her chair by the desk, she let out a small sigh. \"Goodness, I'd nearly forgotten. I don't think I'm in the mindset for a project. I want it to be as perfect as can be.\" \"Forgot?\" he questioned. \"It was all you were thinking about a week ago.\" \"It's been a busy few days.\" Oliver nodded. \"That they have.\" Grace noticed a slight change in his tone. Tilting her head trying to get a better look at his face, she asked, \"Is something on your mind?\" \"No,\" he answered as he turned to a nearby bookcase, \"why do you ask?\" \"You haven't been yourself lately, either.\" \"We talked about this last night.\" \"And you've been up and down since then. I want you to be able to talk to me.\" \"One conversation doesn't solve everything with a snap of fingers. There's a lot to think about aside from typical worries.\" \"Yes, I suppose you're right,\" she agreed. \"It's going to take some time.\" \"I know it will. Believe it or not, I do understand.\" Oliver shook his head. \"You know what you're doing. Right from the start, you've been on top of things.\" Grace chuckled. \"I'm glad to hear I made it look easy.\" Turning back to her now, he said, \"I beg your pardon?\" \"You're forgetting we didn't have the same kind of relationship in the beginning as we do now.\" \"I don't see how that would make a difference.\" \"It makes a huge difference. While it changed rapidly since Annie's arrival, we still share things now that we wouldn't have then. I was scared out of my mind once it hit me that Annie was here to stay.\" \"You were?\" Grace nodded. \"But you were so excited.\" \"Excited, but still scared. I never dreamed I'd be responsible for a child unless it was my own. Normally there are months of peroration and you're eased into it. All of a sudden I was faced with an assertive ten-year-old and a stubborn billionaire set in his ways.\" \"I'm not stubborn,\" he huffed. Grace smiled. \"Whatever you say. My point is that it was a rough start for all of us. It wasn't until I came back from Connecticut things started falling into place. Even then it was no picnic.\" \"I never gave it much thought, I guess.\" \"It's mostly in hindsight that I realize it. It would explain the bickering between you and me. Both of us were on edge.\" At last a glimpse of a smile crossed his face. \"That does make sense. That along with the fact we both were stuck on each other but didn't want to say so.\" Relaxing her shoulders and turning her gaze upwards, Grace said, \"Thank God those days are over.\" \"So if we got through all of that… you think we'll adjust to the way things are now?\" \"Absolutely.\" The next day started with an early phone call. Grace was barely finished with her makeup when Drake knocked on her door telling her to pick up the phone. When she asked who was calling, she was more than surprised to hear Agatha's voice on the other line. Their conversation lasted no longer than a minute, but those sixty-seconds managed to throw off her entire day once again. Using the excuse of wanting to go along for the ride to drop Annie at school and take care of a couple errands, Grace rushed over to Agatha's apartment. It was difficult to gather what kind of mood she was in — if she had good news or bad news. Either way, Grace knew she wouldn't be able to focus on anything else until she found out. She only hoped whatever she had to say wouldn't take long. Oliver wasn't likely to believe a trip to the bank would take an hour in the first place. Nerves returned as she knocked on Agatha's door. She couldn't believe she was here again — and lying about it. As long as it was worthwhile… \"Oh, Grace,\" Agatha said upon opening the door. \"I was starting to think you weren't coming by.\" \"I had to take Annie to school first.\" \"Ah. Well, come in.\" Grace nodded, giving a slight smile as she walked through the door. \"I can't stay long. I have a lot of work to do.\" \"That's fine. I just wanted to show you this…\" Agatha disappeared behind a corner, returning moments later with a manila envelope in hand. \"What's in there?\" Grace asked. \"Annie's birth certificate. We copied this one when we made the fake. I thought I'd tossed it. There's also a copy of the death certificates.\" Grace's hands shook a bit as she reached out for the envelope. There was something haunting about this. No, she never knew them, but Annie had become such a part of her. Therefore, she felt connected to her parents in a way. Deep down, she knew this feeling was out of guilt. She was to be there for the rest of Annie's childhood and they didn't have more than a few months. Whatever their reason, she found it hard to believe they left her because they didn't care. \"Thank you… these are… good to have.\" \"I figured.\" \"Is that it?\" \"Yeah. I know it's nothing exciting but hey.\" \"No, no. I really appreciate it. I'm sorry, I guess this wasn't what I was expecting.\" Agatha nodded. \"I take it you're still trying to get more information on her?\" \"Yes. Still nothing from the orphanage. I suppose I ought to give them more time. Everything was in disarray when I was there. It was rude of me to ask for such a big favor. I just wish I knew what exactly I'm hoping to find.\" Gesturing for Grace to sit as she did so herself, Agatha said, \"I've been thinking about it but I don't remember much. Only that it was a cardboard box. Obviously, the locket and the papers were in there. Most of what they had was burned, though. There might have been a photo album but I got a surprising amount of those from many of the children. It would be nearly in possible to figure out which was Annie's.\" Grace's eyes lit up. \"That's perfect!\" \"What?\" \"If you know there was a photo album I can at least let them know something specific.\" \"Okay?\" \"Maybe there's some fire damage. That would narrow things down. And then I could look through and see if there are any photos with writing or if I can see if there's any resemblance.\" \"Geez, you must like that kid to go through all that effort.\" \"I love her very much. I'd do anything for her.\" Agatha looked away, uncomfortable all of a sudden. Noticing this, Grace went on. \"Do you remember anything else?\" \"Not really. It wasn't a large box. I think there was some more of her mother's jewelry with the locket. I don't remember what. Pearls maybe. I doubt they were real.\" \"How did the police know where Annie was?\" \"I suppose they had something in writing somewhere. It wasn't too long after they left Annie. A few years tops. For all I know there was a will.\" \"A will!\" Grace jumped up. \"That could have everything I need to know.\" With an eyebrow raised, Agatha questioned, \"Everything? You think they really wrote down their entire life history just in case they died?\" \"No, but there could be contact names and relatives. Maybe some are still around. It wouldn't hurt to check. And with Oliver's connections, I wouldn't need to wait for it to be found. It might not be in the orphanage records at all. Thank you, Agatha!\" \"Wait, wait, wait.\" Agatha stood now. \"I didn't say I remember there being a will, it was just a thought. They might have tracked Annie down another way. I really don't have a clue.\" Grace, already opening the door, turned back briefly. \"But you're absolutely right! I don't know why it didn't occur to me in the first place. There has to be some form of documentation. Their death certificates will really help. And the photo album! I'll stop by the orphanage on the way home and tell them that's what I'm looking for. The rest can wait for now. Thanks again, Agatha. Really. I'll talk to you later!\" Before Agatha could get another word in, Grace was gone.[Chapter 6] \"Here are all the albums I could find, Miss Farrell.\" Cynthia looked less than pleased now covered in dirt and dust, but still, she continued to smile. \"Thank you so much. I can't tell you how much I appreciate this. I'm so sorry to keep bothering you with this. I don't know why all of this has been nagging me. I'm usually patient.\" \"I'm just glad I knew where to look. I'm sure there are more laying around. I can let you know when I find them. As for a will, I'm afraid that's nothing I can promise.\" \"I understand. I'm sure these will take a while to go through, anyway. And I'll be sure to bring them back.\" \"I hope you'll be able to find Annie's. Good luck!\" . . . Grace wasn't sure which she was happier about... the glimmer of hope she held in her hands, or the fact she had a visible excuse for being two and a half hours late getting home. In the car, she glanced at the album resting on top of the pile. Though the people in the pictures didn't match Annie's looks, she realized what a chore this would end up being. The trickiest part will be keeping them a secret from Annie. In case Agatha remembered incorrectly or if something happened to the album, she didn't want to get the child's hopes up. As expected, Oliver wasn't thrilled with her absence, aside from the fact he'd previously given her permission for a late start. Her irritation with his grumbling grew into another source of guilt upon remembering his worries when she came home late the last time. It hadn't been her intention. Time kept getting away from her. Oliver was more suspicious than anything else. She mentioned nothing about a visit to the orphanage. Whenever he asked what prompted her to go, she grew quiet and stammered. He hated feeling this way. She'd never given him a reason to mistrust her before, why now? Because their relationship was different? Was she really acting odd or was he imagining things as a way to create distance? In the front of his mind, distance was the last thing he wanted. But elsewhere? He wasn't so sure. In mere weeks he'd fallen into the most serious and committed relationship of his life. In the past, he noted to himself an attraction to Grace now and then, but he never imagined acting on it nor did he believe things would progress this far if he did. All roads were leading towards marriage. While it was easy to accept this when caught up in a heated moment, in the light of day the idea startled him. And Grace's mysterious behaviors as of late were no comfort. He expected some change as he got to know Grace in a new light, but this was starting to feel like too much. She wasn't after him for his money and his money alone, that much he still believed. However, he wondered if maybe she was beginning to have some doubts of her own. Perhaps busying herself with trips to the orphanage and wherever else was means of an escape. It made a lot of sense the more he thought about it. What didn't match up was Grace's compulsion to discuss everything . She didn't let his strange behavior go unnoticed. Wouldn't she bring up any issues she was having herself? Unless she so strongly picked up on his apprehensions and was afraid to drive him away. What a mess, he thought. And yet, he didn't feel he had the ability to interrogate her as she had him. Lord knows he tried. If she couldn't give him a solid answer about long outings, why should he expect her to admit any regrets? The rest of the day went on with these nagging thoughts, all of which made him regret breaking his resolve of avoiding relationships. It was all distraction — distraction neither he or the country could afford right now. Between trying to keep factories open, arguing with Franklin, and getting Annie settled, there was no room for this silent drama with the person who was supposed to be his relief from everything else. He loved Grace. It was too late to deny this now. He'd said as much to her. Far too much time had passed since then to take it back. Besides, he didn't necessarily want to. Recent confusion aside, he enjoyed his time with her. Even if she was having doubts, he knew she still cared for him. And for Annie's sake, he knew whatever was going on needed to be resolved. She needed her for a mother. And with this thought, another question came to mind… Was Grace's attraction to him masked with her desire to take care of Annie? Another notion that made sense with continued thought. It wasn't until Annie arrived any question of a relationship came into play. She was the one who fought for her to stay. She risked her job for her. True, their relationship was more or less separate from the child, but still, he had to wonder. He couldn't rule any possibility out until he spoke with her. Alas, this task only grew to be more difficult. She worked fast and focused today, rushing out of the room whenever given an opportunity. On the few occasions, he was able to catch her attention, she cut him off and told him they could talk come nighttime. Eventually, he gave up and waited until after dinner to speak with her. Making sure there wasn't a shred of work to be done until morning, which was no easy feat, he worked through most of the meal, figuring he wouldn't be missed much. When he did join the table, he was surprised to see Annie eating alone. \"Where's Grace?\" Annie shrugged. \"She ate real fast and said she had some work to do. I thought she was with you.\" \"No… she must be on a phone call or something in another room.\" \"You mean you didn't give her the work?\" Taking his seat, Oliver carefully answered, \"I might have. Things have been so hectic around the office it's hard to remember.\" Annie nodded and kept quiet a moment while she watched Oliver. Once he situated himself and began cutting into his meat, she said, \"You look tired, Mr. Warbucks.\" \"Ah, didn't get much sleep last night. Just finished a load of work, too.\" \"… Is it my fault you and Grace have been so busy? I don't mean to get in the way, really. Sometimes I forget you have to work.\" \"Oh, no. Don't think that for a minute. So much has changed around here — not just with you. Things are bound to be chaotic for a little while. It's no one's fault.\" \"Okay…\" \"What brings this us?\" \"I dunno,\" she shrugged again. \"I guess I was just thinkin' about when I first got here how mad you were when Grace wasn't around to work or if I bothered you.\" \"Annie, a lot has changed since then.\" \"Really?\" \"Of course,\" he said, pausing to take a mouthful of his meal. \"Surely you must notice some differences.\" \"Oh, I do,\" she corrected. \"I just wanted to make sure, is all.\" \"There isn't something else bothering you?\" \"No, not really. I just wanted to be sure,\" she said again. \"Annie…\" With a sigh of defeat, Annie replied, \"Things seem to have gotten weird ever since my project. Are you mad that I didn't tell you about it at first? I'm really sorry. I promise I'll always tell you from now on.\" \"Of course I'm not angry with you. And neither is Grace.\" \"Then why are you both even more busy all of a sudden? Grace never leaves dinner early. I mean, she's been real helpful with the project but she always seems to be rushing the past couple days. I thought she maybe didn't wanna talk to me or somethin'.\" \"I'm sure that's not the case.\" \"You mean you don't know?\" \"To tell you the truth, no. I do know she's been doing everything she can to help you learn more about your parents. What exactly that entails I haven't the faintest idea.\" \"She hasn't told you?\" \"Not really?\" \"Oh…\" \"What is it?\" \"Nothing.\" \"You're going to tell me sooner or later so you may as well tell me now.\" Shyly, Annie admitted, \"I just remembered Grace told me not to bring it up that much around you.\" \"She did?\" \"She said it might make you uncomfortable.\" \"Why is that?\" Oliver questioned. \"Well, you did act weird when I first told you about it. And you didn't really wanna be in it much. My feelings aren't hurt or nothin'… I just don't want you upset with me.\" Pushing his chair out and moving around to the other side of the table, Oliver took the seat next to Annie's while placing a hand on her shoulder. \"Listen to me,\" he started gently. \"I am not upset with you. I'm very sorry if I've given you the impression that I am. It's not that I don't want to be a part of your family lineage or whatever you've called it. I'm not quite sure I can explain to you what my reaction was. It's complicated. I'm just not so good with… those kinds of things.\" \"Family?\" \"Yeah.\" \"The same way it took you so long to admit you like me?\" With a chuckle, Oliver nodded. \"Yes, I suppose so.\" \"I still have you mentioned in it. Is that okay?\" \"Absolutely. I'm sorry. I should have been more supportive. I'm new to all this and I'm not handling it well. But I am glad you're getting to learn more about where you came from.\" \"It's not too late for me to put you in it,\" Annie said with excitement. \"Grace told me all about her relatives. You can tell me about yours!\" \"Truth be told, the topic of family is not one of my favorites. At least not mine.\" \"How come?\" Standing up, giving her a light nudge, Oliver said, \"Let's save that for another day, shall we? I think I'm going to go find Grace and see why she ran off. What do you say in an hour or so we all go out for an ice cream?\" \"Again? You didn't eat your dinner.\" \"Why, are you tired of ice cream?\" \"Never!\" Annie said, jumping to her feet. Oliver laughed. \"Take it as a token of apology. After a brief moment of hesitation, Annie ran to Oliver, flinging her arms around him. Though momentarily surprised, Oliver hugged her back, a bit thankful he'd spoken to Annie before Grace. If nothing else, it put the important things into perspective. — \"Punjab, have you any idea where Miss Farrell is? I've looked all over. She hasn't gone out again, has she? I told Annie we'd go to the ice cream parlor.\" Oliver was worried. Now she was disappearing in the evening? This wasn't like her one bit. Picking up on the panic, Punjab held up his hand. \"There is no need to worry. Miss Farrell is in one of the guest rooms in the east wing.\" \"What the hell is she doing there?\" \"Looking through the picture albums she brought home today. She does not want Miss Annie to see them.\" \"Thank you,\" Oliver then said with a nod. \"I'll go find her.\" He felt a bit better knowing she was still in the house, but couldn't understand the urgency. Sure, he realized Annie's project had a deadline, however staying for the duration of dinner wasn't going to hurt anything. He amused himself with the thought. He ever expected to hear himself with those words. Twenty minutes used to make every bit of difference to him. \"There you are,\" he said upon finding her. \"Shh, shut the door.\" Doing as he was told, Oliver walked carefully around the albums Grace had organized on the floor in front of her, then sitting on the edge of the guest bed. \"Annie isn't with me.\" \"Good. Did she finish her supper?\" \"Yes, but she missed you.\" \"I'll make it up to her,\" she said, glancing up at him for a second. \"These have been nagging me all day. I just have to find a picture of her parents.\" \"How do you even know they're in one? Wouldn't it have been destroyed in the fire?\" Considering her words, she settled with saying, \"It's a hunch. You never know.\" \"And how will you know if you find them?\" \"I'll just know.\" \"That's a bit ambitious, don't you think?\" Grace sighed. \"I know I must look ridiculous obsessing over this. I can't help but think how I would feel not knowing where I came from. Especially as a child.\" \"I see where your heart is but I don't understand how a picture is going to solve every mystery surrounding them.\" \"It won't, but at least she'll know what they looked like. Wouldn't it eat at you not to know what your own parents looked like?\" Oliver shrugged. \"It's been so long now I can't say I remember mine.\" \"You must have photographs somewhere.\" \"I must.\" \"Don't you at least feel peace knowing you can see them if you want to?\" Again, Oliver shrugged, saying nothing. Flipping the last few pages of the book in her lap, Grace then shut the cover and places it in a stack to her right. She started to reach for another one, stopping when Oliver spoke. \"I've promised Annie we'd go for ice cream.\" \"The three of us?\" \"Of course.\" \"Oh,\" she breathed. \"Why don't you and Annie run along without me? I'm in a rhythm right now and it'll be much easier to power through while I'm focused. I'm hoping to get through these tonight so I can bring them back to the orphanage tomorrow. Hopefully, Miss Lennon will have found some more.\" \"More? There must be four dozen here as it is. They don't have enough beds or the kids but they have all these?\" \"Thirty-seven to be exact,\" Grace said as she reached for the next album again. \"They're part of the records, I suppose.\" \"They aren't labeled.\" \"Some are on the inside, thank goodness. Miss Hannigan wasn't exactly organized.\" Oliver scoffed. \"Surprised she kept them at all.\" \"They aren't worth anything to anyone else. They were stacked in the closet.\" \"Well, how many do you have left?\" \"A bit more than half.\" \"Can't you stop for an hour or two? Annie is looking forward to going with both of us.\" Looking up, she said, \"I think it would be nice for you and Annie to spend some time together. Without me, I mean. I've had her to myself for months.\" \"Are you saying you want a break from her?\" \"Good heavens, no!\" Setting the album aside, she stood up and sat next to Oliver on the bed. \"What I mean to say is that you two haven't had much of a chance to bond. What better time? Better I look through all of these tonight so it's not weighing on my mind tomorrow. I'll run out first thing and return them so I can refocus on work.\" \"And what if you get more albums?\" Oliver questioned. \"Obviously I will have to wait.\" \"And then we don't see you again in the evening?\" \"… Are you angry with me for this?\" \"Angry isn't the right word,\" he replied, looking at his hands. \"We… I miss you.\" With a soft smile, Grace rested her head on his shoulder. \"I know the past few days have been pretty hectic. But you'll still see me tonight. We can sit in here and chat while I go through the photos. You can help me, too, if you'd like.\" \"That's not the same as going out and doing something with Annie or unwinding once she's gone to bed.\" \"In all the years that I've known you, you've never used the word 'unwind'. Have you gotten so used to it already?\" \"Haven't you?\" \"Of course I have,\" she said before kissing his cheek. \"This is just something I need to do. You can understand that, can't you?\" \"Yes, I guess I do.\" \"I promise I will make it up to you. I finished all the arrangements for our date next week.\" \"But what if something else comes up?\" She smiled. \"It will just have to wait.\" Now. Now was the time to ask her. They were on the subject, they were here alone, and he had no moment to ruin by making mention. But courage escaped him and soon found himself giving into her. With a simple okay, he dismissed himself and went to find Annie. He wasn't opposed to taking her on his own. He just couldn't help but wonder if the days spent the three of them together were already through.[Chapter 7] Annie was disappointed to say the least. Like Oliver, she too worried something was up. However, she had no specific suspicious. If anything, she wondered if Grace and Oliver had been fighting. They argued a lot before getting together, so maybe now it was done more quietly. Though tempted, she didn't ask him. Whatever the problem was it pushed him to at least feign good spirits. She enjoyed spending time with him just as much as she used to enjoy her time with Grace. More in a way given the long road getting here. Still, she did wish they could have spent time as a family. Despite her initial let down, she didn't say anything more on the subject, worried she might hurt Oliver's feelings and make him feel as though she didn't want to be around him. Seeing no rush to get home, Oliver proposed a movie. Grace normally wouldn't allow it on a school night, and truth be told, that thought was what pushed him to carry out his suggestion. Chances are she wouldn't notice. Besides, he spent enough time wondering about her whereabouts this week. It wouldn't hurt for her to go through the same. This was ridiculous, he started thinking through the movie. Where they some sort of juvenile couple who resorted to hints and games? Granted, they were probably no more than twenty in their last serious relationships. It wasn't how he wanted things. With any other woman he would have lived with it, not caring what she did with her days, nor would he worry himself with her motives. He wasn't sure what to expect as their relationship went on — he was still trying to make sense of the emotions surrounding the arrangement. Was this a bump? Or has the transition from boss and employee been made, resulting in this? And then, with some help from a scene from the movie he was hardly paying attention to, it hit him. She wasn't avoiding him. She wasn't avoiding Annie. She needed time for herself. Of course , he mused in silence, there isn't a moment in the day where she is alone. By the time she goes to her room, she must fall dead asleep. No wonder she's been taking long breaks and keeping occupied with that silly project. It's taking her away for a little while. Why didn't I see it sooner? Even I get some downtime. If she's not working, she's with Annie. If she's not with Annie, she's with me. If only she could have told me … Probably thought she would offend me. He smiled at the thought. Should I tell her I figured it out? I don't want to embarrass her. If I know her, she must feel guilty. I started letting on after dinner … Damn, I never guessed there would be so much to learn. Playing the stocks are one thing, women are another. \"Mr. Warbucks? Mr. Warbucks, the movies over.\" Annie repeated a third time as she yawned. Oliver, who was surprised to discover he'd dozed off, opened his eyes, sitting up in a panic. \"How long have I been sleeping?\" \"I dunno. I didn't know you were until the lights came on.\" \"What was the ending.\" \"Same as always. The guy and girl fall in love.\" \"My mind wasn't on it tonight.\" Again, Annie yawned. \"Can we go home now?\" Rising to his feet, Oliver said as he picked up Annie, \"Absolutely.\" . . . Annie was asleep before they reached home. About five blocks from the theater, Oliver regretted not bringing the car. The air was frigid and Annie became dead weight. He powered through but was thankful when he reached home. He brought her upstairs, taking her shoes off and tucking her into bed, minding not to wake her. It was well after ten o'clock. He could only pray she would wake up with no trouble for school — not that there was ever an issue getting her out of bed by sun up. Since Grace's room was near Annie's, he stopped by her door in case she was up. After a couple knocks, he concluded she was still looking through the photo albums. With his revelation, he wasn't sure if he should disturb her. It was late, anyhow, and he was bushed from the walk home. Ultimately, his wish to see her prevailed, however, he vowed to stay no longer than a minute or two to say goodnight. The door was cracked open which he took as a good sign. Peeking his head in, he saw Grace sitting in one of the chairs. An album was open wide on her lap and her head was slumped to the side with her eyes closed. His initial thought was to wake her. It looked like she had a few left and he didn't want to have to wait for her to get to work in the morning. Deciding better of it, he carefully took the open album and set it aside on the dresser before going to the closet to see if there was a spare blanket. With no luck, he took the quilt from the guest bed and covered her over as best he could. He smiled as he looked at her. She didn't appear to be in the most peaceful of slumbers but she looked beautiful nonetheless. He placed a kiss on her forehead and then crept out of the room. Grace woke a couple hours later to a cramp in her shoulder. Hardly remembering moving to the chair, seeing a blanket on her lap brought on more confusion. It was safe to assume Oliver had stopped by after getting home, though, she thought he would have woken her. She looked at the floor assuming the album had fallen. When she didn't see it, she reached for the next one in the remaining stack. As much as she wanted to crawl into bed she knew this task best be finished before morning. With no sunlight coming through the window, she assumed she still had a bit of time. Her heart was much more in this task at the start. Now it'd become tedious, repetitive, and hopeless. Why she thought she'd be able to recognize a couple she never Met was beyond her. So many people in the photos looked alike. Some could have been Annie's parents. Some definitely weren't. A handful of albums turned out to be scrapbooks which were the most hopeful, yet took longest to go through. For the life of her, she couldn't figure out why this had become of such urgent and great importance. Annie seemed to be putting her project together just fine as it was. The rest she wanted to supply could wait a little while. She knew Oliver was upset with her for passing on this evening's outing and figured Annie was disappointed as well. Most of her regretted the decision to stay behind. The remaining albums didn't take her long, granted, she breezed through them lazily. When it came to the last album, a part of her anticipated a miracle. Part of her was sure this had to be it. It was always the last home. Much to her chagrin, the final album wasn't even one of the question marks in the stack. There were all of four photos and only one had a person in it. Whether it was the hour of the realization of these wasted hours she couldn't tell, but Grace felt her eyes fill with tears. She tossed the album in front of her on the bed along with the quilt. Standing up, she started boxing up the books, then changing her mind with the decision to wait until tomorrow. It was time to admit defeat and call it a night. \"Oh, I'm terribly sorry, Miss Farrell. I didn't realize you were still asleep.\" Grace opened her eyes, promptly shutting them again when a beam of sun hit her face. Laying her head back down on the pillow, she questioned, \"What time is it?\" \"Nearly ten o'clock, Miss.\" Sitting up in a flash, Grace said, \"Annie! Did she get to school?\" \"Yes, Miss. The Asp took her.\" Burying her face in her hands in hopes to sooner adjust to the light, she said, \"Mr. Warbucks will be furious. I'm sure he's been yelling for me all morning.\" Annette shook her head. \"Not that I know of. After breakfast with Annie, he went into the office. He hasn't sent for anyone.\" \"That's strange…\" \"So is your sleeping past 8:30, if you don't mind my saying. Even 7:30 is questionable for you.\" \"I was up late working on something for Annie.\" With an aggravated sigh, she realized, \"Now I won't have time to return those books to the orphanage. I've got to hurry and get dressed. Would you mind telling Mr. Warbucks I'll be right down? And if he's angry maybe come and warn me?\" \"Yes, Miss Farrell… but he really didn't seem mad this morning. Perfectly normal. Well, normal as he's been lately.\" \"I hope you're right.\" . . . Grace was downstairs within ten minutes. As much as she would have loved a full shower to get the dusty feeling off of her skin, she decided haste was more important. She found it hard to believe Oliver wouldn't be angry or at least irritated with her. She knew she'd been pushing lately. Why did she do it? While he was a different person than when Annie first arrived, she couldn't expect he'd allow this recent neglect of her job persist. He seemed normal enough when she entered the office. When he heard her footsteps he looked up from his work to greet her good morning. Stunned, Grace said nothing beyond her response and picked up where she left off yesterday. They worked in silence which eventually became a brutal atmosphere for Grace. They weren't particularly busy. Today's tasks were all routine and preparation for another factory check coming up. \"Oliver?\" she spoke at last. \"Yes, dear?\" Stunned by the normalcy of his voice, she stumbled over her question. \"Why aren't… is everything all right?\" Looking up, he questioned, \"Yes, why?\" \"The quiet has been maddening.\" \"Then why didn't you say something sooner?\" \"… Because I thought you would be angry with me.\" \"How come?\" Feeling as though he was beginning to play dumb, she replied, \"Because of last night. I feel bad for not going. And I feel bad for not waking up when you came back, assuming you were the one to cover me over.\" \"Yes, it was me. I didn't want to disturb you.\" \"You mustn't worry about that,\" she replied. \"I do worry. I realize you haven't had a moment to yourself since the day you met Annie.\" \"… Did she say something to you? Is everything all right?\" Grace questioned, growing worried. \"No, no. Nothing aside from wondering what you were doing.\" \"Then what's this all about?\" \"I just assumed.\" Shaking her head, she asked, \"Assumed what? You're not being very clear.\" With an aggravated sigh, Oliver replied, \"I assumed you were looking for time to yourself. Needing some space is understandable. I know now that I'm more in the picture you're with someone from the start and finish of every day.\" \"Do you think that my tracking down information about Annie's parents is a way to avoid you?\" \"I wouldn't say avoid. I'm not offended.\" Walking behind the desk, Grace leaned again the drawers and reached for Oliver's hand. \"I don't want you thinking for a minute that I don't want to spend time with you.\" \"Really, Grace, my feelings aren't hurt. I understand.\" \"I promise to tell you whenever I need some alone time. I regretted staying behind last night.\" \"If you weren't looking for time for yourself, why are you so hung up on this project?\" \"I don't have a satisfying answer.\" \"What's the unsatisfying answer?\" he questioned. \"Everything I said last night. This is something I need to do. I know I can never make up for anything that's happened to that little girl, but I have to at least try.\" \"But I don't understand what you're expecting to find. Within days of that Hannigan fiasco, we contacted the FBI and they couldn't come up with anything immediate.\" \"I just can't believe there's no information. We have their names and we know they died in New York. At least it can be assumed if the authorities knew where to find Annie.\" \"Even if we can track down their records, why would we want to show Annie?\" \"I'm not looking for records. Not now. She won't understand them. I want to figure out her history. Like I said, she deserves to know what her parents looked like at the very least.\" \"Grace…\" he said, reaching up to touch her arm. \"I admire your determination. I really do… but you're fighting a losing battle. You have no clue what these people looked like. You don't know if there is even a photograph. I'm afraid there won't be some magic answer.\" \"But we have the other half of the locket. There was a box. The police wouldn't have bothered bringing her a lone necklace, never mind a broken one. Somewhere there was information on Annie. I'm going to assume a will. That could let us know most of what we need.\" \"Wait a minute,\" he said as he stood. \"We have the other half of the locket?\" Having forgotten she'd kept it a secret from him, she tried to backpedal. \"Oh, that. Didn't you know? At, um, in New Jersey. The locket was there.\" It wasn't a complete lie. \"How did you get it?\" \"Miss Hannigan gave it to me.\" Again, not a lie. \"When was this? You were with me the entire time.\" \"Was I? Oh, it's all such a blur by now.\" Unconvinced, Oliver said, \"Yet, you remember receiving the locket.\" \"Oliver, this isn't important. My point is that there is at least a box that belongs to Annie. I intend to find what's rightfully hers, even if it is a lot of junk.\" \"It is important. You've got the same strange tone you've spoken with whenever you return from those long outings of yours. I'm starting to think you're keeping something from me. Last night I boiled it down to you needing space. Now you're telling me this isn't the case. You've never lied to me before. Why now?\" \"I'm not…\" she paused. As much as she tried to convince herself her going behind his back with these matters wasn't a lie, she couldn't stand here and claim she'd been truthful. One way or another, lies began, even if they were harmless enough. \"Oliver,\" she started again, \"if you really want to know where I've been going I will tell you. But before I do, I want you to promise you'll hear me out before reacting.\" \"What's going on, Grace?\" Avoiding his eye, she answered, \"It's really nothing earth-shattering. More awkward I'd say. Or unusual.\" \"You're stalling.\" With a sigh, Grace said, \"I have been going to the orphanage… but I've also been to see Miss Hannigan.\" Oliver wasn't sure what to do with this information. He remained quiet for several seconds, trying to keep his tone acceptable so he could get a reason out of her before anything escalated. \"Why?\" he questioned at last. \"I knew, like it or not, she could tell me the most about Annie. She was there when Annie arrived. She told me when her parents died a box of things that made it through the fire was brought to her. Don't you see? If the police knew where Annie was, that means that somewhere there's at least a note. There must be more to it that was overlooked.\" \"I understand that part. It does make sense. What I don't understand is why you keep going back and more importantly why you felt the need to keep it a secret from me.\" \"I was afraid of your reaction. I know I have no business associating myself with that woman. I hated going there. But the more I talked to her, the more I believe she truly is sorry for what she did.\" \"Are you saying you two are friends now?\" \"I wouldn't say that. I haven't gone on social visits. I could never trust her outside these matters.\" \"And why do you think she's telling you the truth about Annie?\" \"She gave me the locket all on her own. It was all she had from that box with the original birth certificate. All the records have been moved around by now. It doesn't help she never kept track of them to begin with. But she told me there might be a photo album. It's all I have to go on.\" By now Oliver was again sitting again. Still unsure of what to make of all this, he said, \"So, you're done with her now, right?\" \"Miss Hannigan?\" \"Of course Miss Hannigan.\" \"Well… she might remember something else. I can't very well quit now.\" \"Remorseful or not, I don't like the idea of you spending time with her.\" \"I'm not spending time with her, I'm trying to get information. I'm not going to be rude to her, but it's not by any means a social visit.\" \"I don't care, Grace. You know very well the hell she put Annie through even before the kidnapping. In fact, you should know better than anyone else.\" \"I know what she did. Annie knows I've been to see her. She wants to know who her parents were and she understand, like it or not, Miss Hannigan is our best bet getting that information.\" \"You're telling me I'm the only one who didn't know? Annie knows, The Asp knows? Who else?\" \"It's not like that. I was going to tell you. These last couple days just haven't felt like the right time. There's no pretending there hasn't already been a strange air about us. We're both trying to make sense of everything all while making sure Annie is content. I was afraid to taint any of the time we have together. But I swear, I was going to tell you sooner than later.\" Oliver scoffed. \"Yet you chose to stay home over spending time with me.\" \"You know it's not as black and white as that. I wanted to be done with those things and you know it. The sooner I find some answers the sooner I can be done with this project.\" \"You seem to think this is a matter like a scavenger hunt. You think this handful of answers will be found within one area. This kind of thing takes time, Grace. Sometimes years, if ever. Are you telling me you're going to dedicate your life to this until you find what you're looking for?\" \"I'm not saying that at all,\" Grace replied, growing defensive. \"I'm aware of the fact I might come out of this with nothing. But I owe it to that girl to try. I know I'm bound to hit a dead end. Once it gets to that point I'll sit back and let the authorities do what they can. Instead of you undermining me, why not try and help out? It would nice to have a little bit of support instead of being made guilty.\" \"Because I have work to do. I need to think about the lives of my workers so they don't end up like Annie's parents. I can appreciate where your heart is but there are priorities. I've been working twice as hard to catch up on everything that's been going on even before the events with Annie. On top of that, I now have to make time for you both. I've gone from working dawn to after midnight to nine to five. Since then two more factories have started to go under and the daily paperwork has near tripled. There are errors in documents from being rushed and distracted and important phone calls are being forgotten. I can't afford one more distraction.\" \"Is that all we are to you?\" Swiping his hand along the length of his face, Oliver said, \"That's not what I meant.\" \"It sure sounds like it.\" \"I don't mean to say it hasn't been worth it, but you need to understand that it doesn't come without a cost. The changes need to slow down. I would love to drop everything to help you, however, I need to keep my priorities straight. And before you quip at me, you and Annie are among my priorities. But the only way this is going to work is if you meet me halfway.\" Grace looked back and forth between him and his desk a few times before turning around. She meandered around with room with no particular destination all the while staying quiet. Oliver watched her for a while before deciding to get back to some paperwork - or trying anyway. He said all he needed to say. She didn't look particularly upset by his words… solemn, but not upset. Eventually, she sat down on one of the armchairs near the door. Oliver looked up when she heard her footsteps in that direction, undecided if he was relieved or irritated she hadn't left. It was hard to focus on anything but the silence. \"You're allowed to sit closer,\" he said in the most lighthearted tone he could manage. \"I know,\" she replied softly. Giving into her lack of words, whatever the reason may be, Oliver said, \"My intent was not to upset you.\" \"I know that, too.\" \"Then why haven't you spoken.\" \"… Because I haven't wanted to admit you're right.\" \"I am?\" \"Yes,\" she answered as she stood again. \"Work can't stop for this. I should be more help.\" \"You know… this is something I've wanted to discuss since everything,\" he started. \"I was never sure how to bring it up. I suppose as we're here now it's as good a time as any.\" \"What is it?\" \"I realize I've already said the changes need to slow down, but this is something I've considered that could very well benefit us all. I haven't wanted to go forth with it without talking to you about it first.\" \"What is it, Oliver?\" Standing and walking over to where she'd frozen, he took her hands and led her to the chair in front of the desk. After gesturing to the seat for her to take, he continued. \"What if I hired a new secretary? That way you'll be free to tend to Annie and take on these projects without worry to either of us.\" \"Please, Oliver. I know I've let my mind wander again but I promise to stay focused. I'll keep anything extra aside for the evenings. And I promise I won't let it interfere with any of our time together, either.\" \"Grace, this isn't a punishment or reprimand. I've been thinking about this for a while. With things the way they are now there's no need for you to keep working.\" \"But I like to work.\" \"All right then, maybe the arrangement doesn't have to be permanent. I can hire a temp while things settle down.\" \"I'd really rather not.\" \"How come?\" \"Because… it's already questionable that we're living under the same roof now that we're romantically involved.\" \"Not so much when there are a couple dozen other people also living here.\" \"But they are your employees. If I'm working for my keep, it doesn't feel as strange. Under different circumstances, I wouldn't be living here rent free.\" \"So what if it appears unusual? We both know our situation. Think of it as a paid vacation.\" Grace shook her head. \"It still feels strange to me. I'd feel too much like your wife.\" A strange look crossed Oliver's face which Grace half expected. She continued. \"I'm at a loss for further words as I'll either sound too eager or uncaring.\" \"I can't think about marriage right now,\" he said. \"I know and I'm not asking you to. That's why it's best I keep working. It leaves a distinction.\" \"Then what if I hire extra help? Not for the mornings but for the afternoon? That way you can come and go with Annie.\" \"Training someone new will only be a distraction.\" \"Any more a distraction than now?\" Knowing arguing his point was a losing battle, Grace sighed and admitted, \"I like working with you. I don't want someone else in the mix.\" \"Do you mean to say you'd be jealous?\" \"Maybe I am… Oliver, it's all so new. Down the line I'll feel differently, I'm sure. But now, I suppose a part of me is still worried you'll choose someone else.\" \"I could never.\" \"You don't know that.\" \"Sure I do. Until now I never planned on anyone. You of all people have the right to bring me a poisoned drink. You've put up with so much from me and yet you're still here. And I never worry it's for money or status. You put me in my place and even though I grumble, I'm better for it. I know it's because you care for me.\" Wrapping her arms around him, Grace said, \"I do care — so much.\" \"And I you.\" \"I promise,\" she started as she tilted her head back, \"I will be more responsible with work. Please don't hire someone else.\" \"We'll see how it goes. But if I do it will only be for the minor, tedious tasks. And I'll hire a man if that makes you feel better.\" \"A little bit.\" \"… Can you promise me something?\" \"What's that?\" \"Don't go see Miss Hannigan again.\" \"But Oliver, she's the only one who-\" \"You're a better person than I. I can't forgive her for what she's done. I don't want her to have any connection to Annie.\" \"Annie isn't in any danger with my going to see her. I'm not there to socialize, either. I have nothing in common with the woman. All I want is to find out all I can about Annie.\" \"Tomorrow morning I will get in touch with the FBI again. It will take time but they will find everything there possibly is to know about her and her parents eventually. It won't be in time for her project but you'll hopefully get the answers you're looking for.\" \"All right…\" She knew she had no right to argue the matter after he compromised with her, still, she had to ask, \"Can I just run over tomorrow? I just need to ask her a couple more questions. Besides, I feel rude suddenly disappearing.\" \"I don't feel bad,\" Oliver said as he let her go. \"She nearly killed Annie.\" \"It was technically her brother.\" \"I don't care. She was an accomplice and while I can appreciate she ultimately helped keep her away from the worst of the danger, I still don't want any of us to associate with her. I showed my gratitude by helping her on her feet. I don't owe her anything and neither do you.\" Grace nodded, though she still felt bad. However, she valued her relationship with Oliver and wasn't about to risk it anymore with this goose chase she'd set herself on. \"I won't see her again,\" she finally said. \"Thank you…\" Kissing her cheek, he hugged her once more, holding on to her tightly. He couldn't shake the unsettled feeling at the moment, but he was glad to finally have some answers himself.[Chapter 8] Grace stayed true to her word. The next day she planned to drop off the photo albums at the orphanage, deciding not to take more for the time being. Shaking the nagging inside her, scolding her for abandoning the mission unfinished, would take some time. Seeing her workload that morning served as a wakeup call to just how lax she'd been as of late. She worked through lunch and opted out of picking Annie up from school, determined to get at least half of the tasks cleared by dinner. It was tiresome, but it would be worth it. Oliver didn't bother her, glad she was spending time in the office and no longer sneaking around. He let her be as he went for a walk with Annie and Sandy before supper. When they came back, he checked in. She seemed pleased to see him which calmed his nerves. He hadn't realized how tense the whole situation with her had made him. It bothered him that he still felt a lingering suspicion or rather distrust. He'd learned quickly that when Grace truly set her mind to something, she was going to get it. Annie was living proof. What was to stop her from going behind his back again? Especially now that she knew what not to do. Pushing the increasing unpleasant thoughts out of his mind, he asked, \"Nearly done?\" \"Nearly,\" she replied with a sigh. \"No wonder you were sore with me. I didn't realize I'd left so many things unfinished. Time has gone by so fast.\" \"It has.\" \"I'll still have more to do tomorrow, but I should be able to take on some of my regular duties as well. I don't need anything else being put off until later.\" \"I never realized just how much I rely on you.\" \"It doesn't seem like so much in the regular routine of the day. It's only in hindsight.\" \"And you're sure you don't want someone to take some of it on?\" \"Let's not get into that again.\" \"I think it would help, that's all.\" \"We're surrounded by people more often than not. I like having moments here and there when we can be alone. Even our evenings aren't in solitude. Someone's always up and around.\" \"I'm starting to realize why people aim to have children after marriage.\" Grace rolled her eyes. \"Annie isn't the issue.\" Oliver smiled. \"I know, I'm teasing.\" Grace's mouth opened to speak, but after uttering a single syllable closed it immediately thinking better of what she was about to say. Of course, this didn't go unnoticed by Oliver. \"What is it?\" he questioned. \"Never mind.\" \"Come on, what?\" \"No, it sounded good in my head for a brief moment.\" \"You can tell me.\" \"I know I can, I just don't want to.\" \"Why not?\" \"Because it will sound too forward.\" \"I don't have a problem with that.\" \"Fine…\" she breathed. \"I was going to say it might be nice for us to take Annie up to the house in the country.\" \"What's the matter with that?\" \"I don't think it would be appropriate.\" \"What do you mean?\" Feeling as though he was pushing, she said, \"You know exactly what I mean. It won't matter how innocent the trip is, some no-good reporter will have a field day at the notion of us taking a trip together.\" \"I don't know what scandal they're expecting with an eleven-year-old along.\" \"It won't make a difference to them.\" \"I thought you didn't care what people thought?\" \"I don't entirely, but for the sake of all of us, it's the kind of attention we don't need. We're finally slipping out of the limelight — for now. I like it that way. I hate feeling like everyone is watching.\" \"You'll learn to ignore them in time.\" \"Perhaps, but right now I can't ignore them. I'm always afraid something bad and untrue is going to get back to Annie.\" \"If it does we will explain it to her. You should know better than anyone that she's got a good head.\" \"But she is still a child.\" \"Obviously nothing is set in stone, but it does sound like a nice weekend trip.\" \"Sometime in the future. We need to get things settled down first, all potential rumors aside.\" \"You're right.\" \"Anyways, with the holidays coming up things are going to be busy again before we know it.\" \"They're never much busier than usual.\" Grace chuckled. \"Have you met Annie? This will be her first real Thanksgiving and Christmas. The girl has been planning the feast with Mrs. Pugh since August.\" Suddenly able to envision the impending mess, Oliver sighed, \"… Good heavens.\" Giving into the fact she wasn't going to focus on any more work for the evening, Grace pushed her typing aside and came out from behind her desk. \"Embrace it.\" \"I don't believe I have any other choice.\" \"Not really.\" \"I think I need a nap,\" he half-joked. \"Then I won't mention Christmas to you just yet.\" \"Please don't… oh no, there's going to be a man in a red suit coming through the fireplace, isn't there?\" Grace laughed, saying nothing more. Knowing Annie, there probably would be. . . . Getting back into the groove of work had proved to be a more difficult task than Grace anticipated. Her mind kept wandering back to Annie and her parents. It discouraged her she didn't end up with a single trace of them, not even a hint toward the right direction. Maybe Oliver was right. It was a lost cause not worth wasting time with until the proper authorities could investigate. She didn't mean to put him and Annie on the back burner. The feeling of guilt didn't leave her since the words left Oliver's mouth. At the same time, she couldn't help but wonder if there was some truth to it. Was she looking for time to herself? Rather, was she subconsciously trying to make sense of the changes? For the first time in months, things were slowing down. There was a better sense of a routine or at least the beginning of one. Maybe it did scare her a bit. The longer they went on, the more difficult it would be to turn back should things, for whatever reason, not work out. No matter what it needed to work out. Evidently, those kinds of thoughts in the back of her mind stressed her out more than she realized. Oliver granted her the time to return the photo albums an hour before dinner while he made a few phone calls. The entire drive agonized her, feeling as though she'd blown her chance and knowing she wouldn't get these back again. Cynthia seemed less than pleased by Grace's arrival which Grace attempted to take as a sign she was making the right decision letting this go. She didn't mean to add to the poor woman's burden as she settled things down herself. However, despite her aggravation, Cynthia took the albums from Grace and returned with another box filled with miscellaneous items. She declined a few times, not wanting the temptation. Cynthia won the power struggle, wanting to be left alone to finish sitting the children down for dinner. Seeing the quick change in Cynthia gave Grace another reason to sympathize with Miss Hannigan. She might have started off okay, but apparently, even the kindest of people can be overwhelmed by a hundred screaming kids. The drive home felt longer than the drive over. Much to her surprise, Grace didn't find her eye wandering to the box. Instead, she thought about Agatha. She wasn't sure why she felt she owed it to her to say thanks for the help and goodbye. Oliver might be right again, associating with her was inappropriate. The line between forgiveness and ignorance was fine. Not for a minute did she believe she herself would come after Annie, but she had a brother seasoned in breaking the law. Who's to say he might not be able to persuade her again? It was a risk she wasn't willing to take. Not only for the slight chance Annie may be in harm's way in the future, but it wasn't worth risking Oliver, either. All impulses ignored, she made it back home with time to spare before dinner. Not much, just enough to check on Annie. She was quiet the brief minute she saw her when she came home from school and she knew she was likely the reason. Knocking on her door, Grace walked in without waiting for a response. \"Hi, Grace,\" Annie said in a monotone, not looking up from her homework. \"Hey, you. Mind if I interrupt for a minute.\" Annie shrugged, pushing her math sheet to the side. \"Sure.\" Sitting down on the edge of the bed, Grace began. \"I want to apologize again for not coming along last night.\" \"Mr. Warbucks and I had a great time.\" \"I'm glad to hear it… I regretted not going.\" \"Are you sure you're not mad at us? Mr. Warbucks said you weren't but I dunno.\" \"I promise I'm not mad at either of you. I guess I may as well tell you now…\" \"Tell me what?\" Annie questioned. \"I stayed behind because I got some photographs from the orphanage. I know it sounds absurd but I thought that maybe I would be able to find one of your parents.\" \"You mean you know what they look like?\" \"That's the absurd part — I don't. Wishful thinking.\" \"So you didn't find anything?\" \"I'm afraid not, dear. I'm so sorry. I wanted to help you as much as I could with that project of yours.\" \"It's okay,\" Annie sighed, trying to put on a brave face. \"Thank you for trying. I keep rewriting everything. I don't know how it's gonna turn out. Every time I think I have a good idea it ends up sounding… weird.\" \"How so?\" \"Like I don't know what I'm talking about. And I don't.\" \"Can I see some of what you have?\" \"I have nothin' now. My trash was emptied this morning.\" \"I see.\" \"What am I gonna do, Grace? I'm not really worried about a bad grade, but I don't want the kids to laugh at me. It took a while for them to stop.\" \"They laughed at you?\" \"A little. Nothin' I ain't heard before. Besides, they weren't dumb about it. They also knew I lived here.\" Grace chuckled, \"That's good?\" Annie shrugged again. \"I've heard worse. But…\" \"But what?\" Grace asked, noticing a look of sadness cross Annie's face. \"It'll bother me more if they tease me about this… because it's true. I don't have a real family.\" \"Come here,\" Grace said, holding her hands out. Annie stood, taking her hands as she continued. \"Do you know how many people there are in this world without a 'real' family? Thousands. Millions, probably. Look at all of your friends. Do they have 'real' families?\" Annie looked down, hesitating a moment before speaking. \"They… they do now… They were adopted.\" Grace's heart sank. All she could do was look at the little girl's face. It wasn't until moments like these when she stood there with a frown she realized just how often the child smiled. \"Annie, I… That's not important… What I mean is-\" \"Sure it's important. July, she's in the same grade as me and is doin' a project like this. She gets to write about her new parents. If I write about you or Mr. Warbucks, I have to put your names. That's not a real family.\" \"Sweetheart… I know it's difficult to understand right now, but just because it's not in writing doesn't mean the three of us aren't a family. We've all been through more than most go through in a lifetime. We're still making sense of things.\" \"A family is a mom, a dad, and a kid. Not a kid, a rich guy, and his half girlfriend half assistant.\" \"If you word it that way it sounds bizarre…\" Grace avoided Annie's eye for a moment. She never realized how terrible their situation looked from the outside. \"I don't know what to call you on paper.\" \"What confuses me is where this all is coming from all of a sudden. Why haven't you said anything before?\" Annie looked away again, an angry air surrounding her. \"I never had to talk about it before.\" Hit with realization, Grace said, \"This is what the kids at school have been saying, haven't they?\" Now freeing her hands from Grace's, Annie walked back to her desk and sat down, keeping her back turned. \"Not all of them.\" \"One too many it seems like.\" \"I don't want to talk about it.\" Grace stood, deciding whether or not she should walk over to her. Within a few seconds, Mrs. Greer made the decision for her, coming in an announcing dinner. ","Summary":" I will probably regret having two major Annie stories going at once, but as much as I love writing "},{"Movie":"A Clockwork Orange","Title":"As Predictable As (A) Clockwork (Orange)","Author":"Ghoullly","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9837807","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hello! This is a disclaimer, as I do not own Alexander the Large or any of the other characters featured in this fanfiction. This is just a work of fiction that respectfully used the characters owned by genius Anthony Burgess. These are his characters, not mine. As for the setting, I am just going to assume A Clockwork Orange took place in London. Len, Rick, and Bully appear in the 21st chapter of the book, so this takes place shortly after the end of that chapter. The entire fanfiction contains elements of the book and the movie. It's a mix. Ultra-violentscenes are present, giving this fanfiction its T rating. (And, I know this sounds cliché, but please, keep your comments civil if they're going to be negative. Nobody wants flames – and you are to expect flames if you are to write something and post it somewhere, (oh my brothers), so I won't completely reject negative reviews. If it is a comment that is just downright rude and uncivil, I will delete it. I would love to receive writing tips, should a comment be negative. Sorry for rambling, but really – if you're going to give a negative comment, I would appreciate it if you could be a droog and keep it civil. Thanks, and enjoy!) … 'What's it going to be, eh?' Your Humble Narrator sat in my old spot where I used to shoot around with me original tree droogs, back in the extreme days of ultra-violence. And when I govreet the phrase \"extreme days of ultra-violence\", I like mean my own. Way back when, with Dim and Pete and Georgie-boy. At points in time, I found myself, Alexander DeLarge, self-nicknamed Alexander the Large, missing those bratchnies. But, I had just about fully processed through my thick gulliver that it was impossible to revisit the true nadsat years. It was chepooka to even waste my time to even remember those times, oh my brothers, because Georgie was snuffed, Pete with a zheena and taking life much more seriously, and Dim was a dreaded millicent. Whatever drove Dim to decide to join them stumped me, except for maybe the fact that he could mask the ultra-violent days with a millicent badge and a good reputation with law and order. Ever since our quarrel shortly after I was released from the Ludovico Center, every time the word 'dim' popped up in my mind I viddied bolshy, gloopy Dim towering over me, about twice my size, tolchocking me repeatedly in my litso. Never would I admit to anyone that I was somewhat poogly of old Dim, for that would affect my powerful appearance, you viddy? I and my new droogs – Bully, Len, and Rick – still spoke the Nadsat slang although we were past that time. I had essentially replaced my original droogs with those three, even forcing them to wear the same garb as the vecks in my memory had, just so everything seemed the same. I wore my codpiece, suspenders, boots, hat, and eyelashes as I had before, sustaining my intimidating appearance as the boss. I placed my legs up onto the creamy white-colored ptitsa footrests that were all around the Korova Milk Bar. We four were all sipping on chashas of moloko drencrom, myself plotting the next scheme of ultra-violence that would strike in London. According to my parents (which my em wept with a shaky goloss as she spoke, though my father did most of it), once I had been admitted into the Staja for the murdering of the cat-obsessed baboochka, many nadsat kids found interest in the perfection, bringing assault to merzsky deds and other people of the same kind, in an absurd kind of dress, fleeing at the first sight of the millicents. I had single-handedly, they claimed, began a tragic like following, making ultra-violence common in nadsats. I smecked as soon as they turned their backs, pleased with myself for making a bigger dent in the world other than being a guinea pig for a useless experiment. 'What's it going to be then, eh?' I repeated myself, glancing at my droogs who sat next to me. Apparently, they were focused on other things rather than listening to their leader. I was deciding who I was going to tolchock first when I was finally answered by Len. 'I say a poor old fellow whom we discover out in the outside, whose business is minded to himself,' he pitched, the two others nodding right right right in agreement. I had my mind on other things, however. I frowned and glanced over at Len with a cold stare, smecking as I viddied him swallow in nerves, fearful of displeasing Your Humble Narrator Alex. 'Oh, what a shame,' I said with such a goloss that I was being dead serious, but it appeared as if I was being sarky, 'I had plans of going devotchka-seeing. Perhaps spying one I liked.' Len's goober quivered – but not in a tearful way, in a way that told us droogs that he wanted to argue, but could find the right words to govreet – and I guffed loudly. It was decided then: we were going to search for a ptitsa we could rob, and maybe even lomtick up a little bit, if I was in the mood for the horrorshow ultra-violence. On the way out of the milk bar, I spotted a vulnerable malchick, way under the influence no doubt, and brought my swordstick onto his stomach. He sicked from the pressure onto his moloko-filled keeshka, and we laughed at him as he slowly crumpled out of his seat and onto the glittery floor of the Korova. Bully gripped his bleachy-blond hair of the back of his head and repeatedly slammed his gulliver on the footrests, the red red krovvy becoming more and more apparent with each blow, also staining the white of the rests. Eventually, after I had enough entertainment, I whistled twice, ordering Bully to stop. He threw the beaten and bruised veck onto the ground one last time, the boy slipping in his own sick and blood. We exited the bar and made way down the dark street, the outside having a blue tint to everything from the night. Apparently, my droogs hadn't been too thrilled with the idea of targeting a ptitsa. 'Alex,' Rick began, walking on my left side next to Len. 'What if, we three, minus yourself, went off in search of a homeless person while you seek your devotchka? And if we find a good, vulnerable one, we'll send one of us off to find you so you can join?' Honestly, brothers, I wasn't finding ultra-violence as horrorshow as I used to. I deeply wished for a zheena and a son, along with a quiet life much as Pete's was. It wasn't impossible, apparently, to completely switch gears and change the ultra-violent lifestyle. But I wasn't ready just yet; a few more acts and I might possibly be done with it all then. I gave up with a groan. 'Fine, droogs.' Almost immediately, we came upon the alleyway that led to the Marina walkway. The tree of them halted and clumped in front of the alley's entrance. 'We'll split here,' said Len, 'I'll send Rick if we find anybody good.' How cute; little Len was playing leader. No, he wasn't. 'Send Bully instead.' I stated with stern goloss. Len opened his mouth to speak, but gloopy Bully cut him short. 'Alright, Alex, I'll be the one to find you!' I smirked at Len, who was undoubtedly boiling inside, wanting to shive me and tolchock me and razrez me from limb to limb, because I absolutely would never allow him to order any of our droogs around. Only in his sneeties would he get to be the boss of our little group. Bully was a nazz anyway, and would only listen to Your Humble Narrator. Len nor Rick would ever convince him in a million years to do as they said. 'Will you be at the record shop?' Bully asked. I confirmed this and ordered them to go search for whomever they were looking to cause trouble with. I watched in silence as malenky Len privodeeted Bully and Rick down the Marina, walking with such nadmenny that it made me want to sick. There were times where I could stand him; there were times where I couldn't. This was one of those times. I wandered my way to the record shop in only a few minootas, the colorful store being overrun with music-loving nadsats like I had been years ago. I still was, but I was in my twenties, so I didn't fit in with the crowd as much. I never normally appeared in the disc shop wearing my ultra-violent clothes, but so many other ultra-violent kids shuffled around, whom I assumed were the leaders of their malenky groups as well, it didn't really matter. Should the millicents appear I could slip out through the back door while the beginners ran around like nazzes, trying to figure out how to escape the clutch of the law. There were devotchka ultra-violence fans there as well, one sporting violet hair and knee-high boots of the same color, another with a green, tight-fitting plastic top, with the makeup of a glittery blue tear under her right eye. How could I tell that they were likened toward a bit of the old ultra-violence? It was the cuffs, oh my brothers. Every single ptitsa and devotchka whose fingers skimmed the pop-discs wore eyeballs on their wrists, whether it be on their shirt or on a bracelet. That was an element that Your Humble Narrator had invented, and I was even wearing my own on the cuffs of my longsleeve that night. It was the heighth of ultra-violent fashion, used as a way to communicate between each other, apparently, as a way of telling each other who had the same interest as them. I sighted a blonde-haired devotchka that wore green eyeballs on a neon-yellow, spiked bracelet and began to close in on her. I walked up next to her and pretended to have interests in the pop-discs that were in the bins that were in front of me. Lovely lovely Ludwig Van was playing rather loudly through the stereo, as I had requested that a disc be played not many minootas ago. Nonchalantly she looked over at the chelloveck that scanned through the discs, to see what he looked like out of curiosity, and had to look twice. 'Why, aren't you…?' The attractive ptitsa breathed, bringing her hand up to her rot. Her long fingernails were painted, a bright pink of the sorts. I gave her a smirk, lowering my head as if to darken the view of my left eye, bringing more light to the eye I wore two false eyelashes on. I had created a cult following, also, being the ideal icon of ultra-violence. I was their hero. The best part was, the chaplain and those at the Staja and those at the Ludovico Center couldn't throw me, 6655321, back into a cell, because it was my \"old appearance\" that nadsats of the modern age idolized. According to them, I had reformed, no longer ultra-violent thanks to the Ludovico Technique. They had no idea that I was still slithering around with my britva and steel-toed boots, shiving and kicking anybody who did me wrong to a pulp. The trick was, I never got caught. I was still goody-goody Alex that wanted to sick every time he raised his fist or heard Beethoven. 'Alexander… DeLarge? ' The mesmerized one finally managed to spit out loudly, but not drawing the attention of any others. I smecked. 'Yes, love. It is I, in the plott.' Oh my brothers, this devotchka had my great interessovat. She was more gorgeous than any other I have seen before, and held great interest in Your Humble Narrator Alex as well. Her eyes were a deep brown, wide at the sight of myself. She was just about to open her mouth as a gruff but gloopy goloss echoed throughout the tiny store. 'Alex! We've found one, bratty! An old, creaky ded, weak and was near-death before we even started on him!' He let out his booming laugh and startled everybody else in the store. They spoke among themselves, startled, glancing around for the source of the goloss. I cursed in my gulliver and govreeted to myself that I was going to pop Bully in the goober for interfering at the worst possible time, but I wanted to seem like a busy veck for this interesting devotchka. I swapped feet that I was balanced on quickly and put my left rooker behind my back. I tipped my hat at the beautiful one. 'Till next time, o my little sister.' Ending it there before the surprised ptitsa could open her rot, I raced out of the shop with the greatest point of the Ninth playing as the background noise as I swiftly maneuvered between the thin spaces where bodies were standing in crowds around the disc bins, stealing the wallets of a few clueless nadsats who wore the eyeballs on the way out. If they were true ultra-violence fans, then they wouldn't mind their polly being taken by Alexander the Large. I stumbled out of the shop, tripping over my own boots, regaining my balance next to Bully. I had to look up to see his face I was so close. 'Alex!' he horned, 'Let's go and drat that chelloveck before Len and Rick finish him off first.' I knew that the idea of those two actually snuffing somebody without myself there to assist was complete cal, but I didn't have the heart to tell bolshy Bully that. But I still wanted to correct him. 'Chepooka, droog!' I guffed, beginning to sprint down the winding road that led to the Marina if you felt like running uphill long enough. I was already at the top for about a minoota before Bully appeared beside me, huffing with his hands on his knees. I raised my right eyebrow (creating the appearance that the eyelashes on my eye were quite longer and darker than they actually were), giving him a grin. 'A bit fagged, Bully?' 'Naw,' he lied. I eagerly swung my swordstick beside me as Bully privodeeted to where Len and Rick were. Sure enough, as we wheeled around the corner to turn down onto the Marina walkway, the image of two vecks beating and kicking a helpless ded appeared, the man's red red krovvy visible from even where I was, some of the moonlight glinting off of the wet. Once I had reached them I jabbed the end of the stick into the chelloveck's stomach, making him cough up a bit of the krovvy. I and me tree droogs smecked as we dragged this man closer and closer to his demise, his plott turning a dark shade of black-blue. He was platching in pain, spewing krovvy in several places, specifically his rot and nose. For a moment, the ded reminded him of himself when he was very first admitted into the Staja, being beat by the officials, my nose broken and my goober gushing krovvy. I smirked evilly as I continued to whack this man with the swordstick, releasing some of my anger towards those Staja officials with each hit. It was just me delivering blows to this veck for several minootas, the others stepping back once viddying that I was taking over. I was having a rather horrorshow time, too, so my droogs were lucky they let me have the man, or else I was going to have to drat them once in a safe place from the millicents. The ded was nicely dressed, too, so it wasn't any homeless person that Len had targeted (and to no surprise that it wasn't either, Len was such a nazz that he probably started to drat the first man he saw). The veck finally opened his eyes and looked up at me in complete and utter fear, his rot quivering. 'Alexander?' He weakly sputtered, the red red krovvy gushing out of his mouth in great amounts with each time his jaw flexed. Once I heard his goloss, I instantly knew who he was, and my body was flooded with remorse and fear. The Inferior. The Inferior was the one whom I was delivering rough blows to with my swordstick, illuminated by the moon and the light that glinted off of the water. Len had targeted the Inferior because he was the first one he saw, and ordered Bully to go off and retrieve me. And I, a huge, gloopy nazz, had just joined in without viddying who the veck was before I began to tolchock him. My legs and rookers shook terribly. Other than my pee and em, and Pete, I suppose, the Inferior was the only person I could truly be around more than a few minootas before wanting to tolchock him in his litso. The goloss deep in my rasoodock told me not to fret about being caught, since so many malchicks and devotchkas were interested in ultra-violence that it would be impossible to directly point an accusing finger at Your Humble Narrator. They had no proof. I wanted to spare him so badly. But, no matter how much I wanted to, brothers, I couldn't. I wouldn't want to weight the Inferior with the burden of having to govreet Brodsky and Branom that the Ludovico Technique wasn't effective. Not only that, but then the millicents would be after me and I'd be stuck in the Staja for a good fourteen years, solidified this time. I had to snuff him. I stood staring at him for a minoota, poogly, my swordstick holding me up. Finally, Len opened his rot. 'Alex, what are you doing? Finish him off.' I knew I had to. And then, feeling as if I might begin boohoohooing, I struck my swordstick down onto the gulliver of the poor poor Inferior, instantaneously lulling him into eternal sleep. …[Chapter 2] My beautiful swordstick was now stained with the red red krovvy, and that was unfortunate because that was proof that I had just committed a crime, brothers. After I had snuffed the Inferior (and stood in shock for what seemed like many minootas), Len decided to open his bratchny rot about how I wasn't acting the same, and how he should lead the four of us and he just really got on my nerves. Your Humble Narrator Alex was in a like state of mourning, you viddy, and I didn't want to be bothered. I was bolnoy and begging Bog for forgiveness, though he never would, especially with what I had done as a nadsat. But, in my strange state I was currently in, I decided that the tree of them would not know that I knew this chelloveck, whose cold body the red red krovvy still flowed from several wounds. Instead of collapsing under guilt, I sighed, and whirled around on the heels of my boots. Len cut his goloss short, stepping back an inch, strack visible in his glazzies. I approached him slowly, my head tipped forward so I could darken the area around my eyes (I loved my eyes, the bluest of the blue, the most horrorshow glazzies a veck could have asked for). He pressed up against the white brick wall of a shop along the Marina and held his rot open, gulping in air, poogly of what I was going to do. I grit my zoobies, pinning Len up by his shiyah. 'Quiet down, nazz,' I growled quietly, angrily tapping my swordstick on the near-frozen Marina walkway with my free hand. 'If you're too gromky about the words you govreet, a baboochka may overhear and contact the millicents, understand?' Len gasped and gasped for air, as I was pressurizing his windpipe with the death grip, oh my brothers. He let out noises of struggle and drat, nodding furiously with his glazzies as if they were going to pop right out of his gulliver and dangle there right in front of me. Bully and Rick just viddied the whole thing, most likely too cowardly to interfere with the icon of ultra-violence. I smecked evilly at pretty boy Len's struggle and uncapped my britva from my swordstick, letting the remaining part against the wall where I had him pinned. I adjusted the handle in my iron grip so that it was comfortable, and cast a glazzy onto Lenny to see his reaction. Horrorshow, it was. He had not the slightest clue as to what I was going to do with the blade (but I absolutely knew so many things to, droogs, that he had seen me use it before and no time has the same technique been used twice). I forced my hand into his mouth and strongly squeezed his yahzick, razrezzing it out of his rot. He yelped, extremely poogly of what I was doing, begging for forgiveness through his rotting zoobies. It just came out as chepooka, however, since it was no use trying to use language when you didn't have your yahzick in your mouth to assist you. I held my britva up to the side of his tongue, guffing with satisfaction. How horrorshow! I was actually managing to strike strack into the chest cavity of Len, whom had decided that he wouldn't struggle any more in fear that he would make the wrong move and accidentally bring himself into my gorgeous britva. 'Or maybe,' I tilted my head to the side slowly, smirking, widening my glazzies for effect, 'since you don't seem to understand what it means to silence, I'll take your yahzick so you can never govreet again.' 'Please, please, bratty,' Len pleaded, his warm, wet yahzick swelling and shrinking in my hand as he govreeted, 'Don't take my yahzick. Appy polly loggies, dear droog. I'll quiet, I promise.' I grunted cal under my breath before releasing my grip on his shiyah, crumpling his body on the stone Marina walkway. Even in the dim provided light of the luna I could viddy purple bruises beginning to appear on his neck from where I had skvatted him. As I reattached my precious britva to my swordstick, I could hear him below me breathe in heavily. I scowled at him and fixed my shlapa, which was beginning to fall off of my gulliver from when I had it tipped to the side. 'Grow up, bratchny.' I said, turning around to face Bully and Rick again. To my surprise, the Inferior's body was gone. I had turned to them just at the right moment to viddy Bully push the chelloveck into the Marina. He had the Inferior's ankles weighted with two large shlakobloks to keep him at the bottom of the water. Rick was scooping the liquids up onto the stone to rid of the krovvy. It was almost completely gone. 'Well done, droogs, perhaps I underestimate you dva at times.' I said, shifting my weight over to my swordstick and balanced it next to me, one rooker on my hip. Bully walked up away from the edge of the edge of the walkway and Rick got off of his knees, both standing next to each other. They nodded yes yes yes, thank you thank you thank you in unison, undoubtedly feeling awfully horrorshow about themselves, having pleased their mighty and wonderful Alex. But, I saw their smiles fade and their glazzies shift over to groaning Len behind Your Humble Narrator, strack glinting off of their irises. Or maybe, perhaps, that was just the light of the moon, which was getting even brighter as I govreeted to them. Once Lenny had managed to stand up on his boots (with some assistance from Rick), I privodeeted them back down towards the Korova Milk Bar under the assumption that they still thirsted for more moloko, only maybe moloko vellocet this time around. I myself, would not be joining them. With every step I took I felt as if I was going to sick everywhere with guilt. 'Will you be joining us, Alex?' Bully asked. 'No,' I said, yawning a bit. 'I want to wander back home to the inside and have a chasha of chai.' My rasoodock was on the Inferior, who was now snuffed at the bottom of a watery grave, the poor ded's body beginning to swell below the starry city of London. I pondered over how long it would take for those at the Ludovico and Staja to notice the veck was missing. 'Why so, if you don't care if I ask?' Rick opened his rot for about the second time that whole day. I could slooshy the strack in his goloss. He and Len were close droogs, whereas I had Pete (I suppose you could govreet). Poor Bully had nobody, and at points in time I felt sorrow for the poor veck, but I remembered how gloopy he was. He was also very ignorant to his surroundings, which was not too horrorshow for the rest of us at times. It would make sense that Lenny-boy's fear would rub off on Rick, the orange finding himself fearing Humble Alex more than he would've fancied. 'Because, you merzsky malchick, I have control over myself and no longer want to stumble around, pyahnitsa, in the Korova this night!' I snapped, whacking my swordstick off the ground so hard it bounced back up a little. I let out a sigh. 'Besides, I need to gather spatchka for once. I'm constantly fagged and I'm fagged of being fagged.' Before giving any more reasons to my droogs to open their rots, I swaggered in the direction of my apartment, leaving them in my dust. I heard Len call out, 'Oh, but Alex, wouldn't leaving mean that somebody else would have to take up position as boss?' My nogas stopped by themselves and wouldn't let me go further. Oh my brothers, it was almost as if Your Humble Narrator hadn't beaten the cal out of Lenny only a few minootas before. I spun around slowly, tipped my shlapa to the bratchny, and promptly told him, 'Kiss my sharries, you sodding nazz.' I didn't let myself halt until I was in the shelter of my apartment, jiggling the key in its lock. I was too strack that I would tolchock some innocent chelloveck or ptitsa in my anger. Len was just like the only thing that could make me as furious as a bull that sighted red. My previous sentence has been a lie, my dear droogs. The thing that infuriates me the most is the improper use of lovely lovely Ludwig Van. ...[Chapter 3] Oh, my dear droogs. For Alexander the Large to weep was a very rare thing to viddy, and I made certain that nobody ever did viddy it. Once I had successfully made my way into my apartment, I calmly floated up the stairs into the bathroom, and boohoohooed myself into oblivion. Oh my brothers, what had I done? I had offed the chelloveck who was mostly responsible for setting me free from the Staja to the Ludovico, then finally back out into starry London. If it weren't for him, I'd still be shooting around in my cell with those perverted bratchnies who'd hit on you one minoota then nark you out to the guards over something gloopy. It was the Inferior who gave away all his hope to a young, (ultra) violent malchick, putting all his trust in Your Humble Narrator that I would reform as a corrected veck and be baddiwad no longer. A nazz, that Inferior was. He should have just abandoned me behind at the Staja to leave me for fourteen. It would've saved his life (but I govreet with just a hint of doubt, droogs, for my followers would have taken the streets anyway and there is a good chance that the ded could've been a victim.) I wept a while but not very gromky so I wouldn't wake my pee and em. After I spent time hiding away and platching, I goolied to the kitchen and prepared myself a cup of chai along with a small portion of kleb. Melancholy over the Inferior filled me no longer. Instead, it was thought. If it was any old moodge I had oobivatted, the dates when he was discovered to be gone would vary. But since this was a government official I had beaten bloody with my swordstick, I gave myself odin or dva days till my crime was revealed. But, praise Bog, ultra-violence is common, as you've slooshied me ramble on about many times, and there were plenty of nadsats stirring trouble. They couldn't prove I murdered the veck but they could make me a prime suspect. I brought my chasha up to my lips and drank a little more chai. It was horrorshow. Chai had a tendency to lift me out of bad spirits, no matter what the reason should be that I was upset. Shudders were brought onto me when the thought of the Inferior's dook following me crossed my rasoodock. I tried to shake it away, but the thought just constricted itself around my middle and squeezed tightly, much like my new snake. Little old Alex, blending in with a group of lewdies while walking down the Flatblock Marina, when suddenly I have a feeling of being strangled, falling to my knees and clawing at my shiyah frantic like, eventually running out of breath and snuffing it right there on the walkway. Then, I would lay there, the lewdies stepping all over my cold body as they continued with their lives, paying no mind to me. Right before I'd snuff it, the Inferior would appear right before me, shaking his gulliver at me. He would've been the one to have dawn this tragic, tragic death onto me, somehow. Then, oh my brothers, I would be all oddy-knocky, as I would be until the end of time. While I was pondering over what my future would be like, I realized I had eaten every last bit of kleb and drank every last drop of chai. Being an obedient malchick (although I was no longer a nadsat and didn't have to help my pee and em, I felt I had to make up for quite a lot), I placed my chasha in the sink and padded off to my bedroom. After I had left the hospital from my attempt at snuffing it, my parents felt so oozhassny about what they had done that they booted that leech Joe out of our apartment. He was to find someplace else to live in the time that their dear son that they suddenly messeled was the best molodoy malchick on Earth was out of his full-body cast. If he wasn't able to find shelter, well too bad for him, because he'd be sleeping under Albert Bridge with the rest of the merzsky homeless men. It was razdrezzing to think that all of my precious possessions were in the clutches of that baboochka's family, all of my gorgeous Beethoven discs and other things like such, probably never to even be used. In fact, it wouldn't have surprised me if my lovely lovely Ludwig Van wasn't even in the possession of that soomka's relatives. They were most likely in circulation between many lewdies, sold for higher polly each time. For all of my things that were taken from my hands I had to make up for. I had tried my best to possess a replica of my old quilt (impossible, I realized, it was specially made for Your Humble Narrator), tried to locate the site where my giant Ludwig Van wall scroll was so I could purchase it back from whomever the veck was that owned it (I had found it, but it was a refusing devotchka that 'rightfully' owned it and would not sell it, even for a very handsome amount of pretty polly). But the thing I missed most was my beautiful snake, who supposedly was oobivatted in an accident. I can't fathom what kind of an accident she could've snuffed it in, oh my brothers, but she supposedly had. My gorgeous python. My em had fussily came into my room one nochy while I was listening to my discs and practically threw a snake on me that she and my father had purchased that day. She shivered and rubbed her rookers as if the python had made her cold. Apparently, they didn't enjoy that I didn't have a pet anymore, and decided that they could replace my snuffed one. This new snake wasn't as charming as my previous one (I was very attached to my starry snake, I had her since the fifth grade), but she was a snake, and I admired snakes greatly. I flicked on the lights in my room and went over to my bedside table, opening the bottom drawer. There she was, the choodessny thing, shedding her skin. I decided it would be best to leave her alone and stripped my eyelashes off, sticking them on my new mirror like I always had. Eventually, I was only in my neezhnies and crawled into my bed. I was too fagged to even consider a shower, droogs. My rasoodock was overloaded with the memories of that nochy, and I was constantly reminding myself that I couldn't alter my behavior in the morning, and that nothing ever happened. Then, when the moonlight begins to glow on the stones of the Flatblock Marina, I would meet my droogs in my apartment lobby and we would continue with our average routine. As far as I was concerned, brothers, I hadn't seen the Inferior since I was admitted out of that hospital. My plan to act completely normal was still in my gulliver as I nodded off, but it was mostly filled with the thoughts of the blonde-haired ptitsa I had met earlier that evening, with her tight-fitting top and green eyeball bracelets. … More to come! The next chapter will take a few days, since I want it to be a little longer. The past two have been short, and I don't like that. It makes me feel like I'm just la-ti-da-ing each chapter. Anyways, thanks for reading this far and expect a new chapter in a few suns and moons.[Chapter 4] My em had to wake me up the next morn, because I would've slept the day away otherwise. Though I render her help useless, because I had 'a rather large pain in the head that could quite possibly wear off with a few more hours of rest'. The gloopy cheena believed me and let me be until she left for work. Once I was absolutely certain that my parents no longer were downstairs (since I didn't hear them chumbling among themselves anymore) I emerged from my room and slithered into the kitchen. I prepared myself toasted kleb with jammiwam and sat at the table, skimming through the day's edition of the gazetta. My rasoodock was fretting over whether the dear old Inferior's water-swollen litso was going to appear somewhere throughout, but I tried not to worry my fagged gulliver over it much. I had to act as if I hadn't just oobivatted a like friend only a mere nine hours ago, ittying on with my day as if a normal person would. See, my brothers, I suppose you could govreet that I was a bit of a con artist. I had an awfully horrorshow acting talent and didn't snap in dva under pressure. I could lie straight to millicents' litsos and do it while grinning. Back in my great days of extreme ultra-violence, I didn't have to deal with millicents. My droogs and I were always able to flee real skorry at the first shoom of the sirens. They were always able, but not I. No, brothers, not even Alexander the Large could escape the hold of the millicents at one time. But it wasn't because of my own doing. It was because of sodding Dim, smashing a bottle of moloko onto my gulliver real oomny, the glass razrezzing and shiving into my right glazzy. While I was horning in pain, he, Georgie-boy, and Pete fled, leaving me to be dragged away, thrown into the Staja. I despised Dim. I had no idea how I even could've considered him a droog of mine. Same went with Len. Oh my brothers, with Len and Dim constantly eating and eating and eating at me and testing me it just made me turn shades of red with fury, and truly brought out the ultra-violent side of myself, wanting to turn to my beauteous cut-throat britva and do just that to the both of them… My thoughts were cut short when I looked down at my hand. White-knuckled, I was, with the jellied toast crushed in my fist, globs of jammiwam all through my fingers and dripping all over my hand. I grunted, disgusted that other moodges could actually bring me to my boiling point, and dropped my toasted kleb to the glass plate. My nogas felt oddly heavy as I went over to the sink to clean off my hands and rinse off the fine China. While osooshing my calloused hands, I happened to glance out the window and viddy a few nadsats whispering among themselves on the fire escape. I rolled down my sleeves and went closer to the window to perhaps get a closer look. Tree malchicks, one devotchka – as I had created the idea that acts of ultra-violence were best committed in a gruppa of four. They were chumbling, viddying a polyclef the molodoy cheena had in her grasp, and comparing it to the lock of my pee and em's apartment that was a mere few meters away. It struck upon Your Humble Narrator that the nadsats were going to force themselves into my home. I could just von the smoke of a cancer that one of the malchicks was smoking, the scent enough to make me sick. I can't stand the von of cancer smoke; never could, and I don't know why. Such nazzes, these nadsats were! Didn't they know you were supposed to perform ultra-violence at nochy in the moonlight? There wasn't much time until the four skittish and hell-raising nadsats would be in the same area as I. Running real skorry up to my room, I just about tripped over my precious snake, who was slithering around in the hallway for some reason, and snatched up my swordstick. I could slooshy the sound of the polyclef working itself into the fire escape lock and the mad, insane smecking of the four of them. I stuck the eyelashes to my right glazzy and put on my shlapa and leapt out and stood at the top of the stairs, still in my neezhnies, waiting for the sorry ones to meet their very furious idol. The loud creaking of the rusty hinges echoed throughout my apartment, accompanied by the excited whispering of nadsats. 'Viddy if they're sleeping,' said the devotchka. 'Why can't you go up? I'll stay down here and raid the cupboards and cabinets.' replied the voice of one of the malchicks. I slooshied the sound of rather nasty hocking in the same tone of goloss, so I assumed that this was the one sucking on a cancer. 'You nazz! When I give you orders, you follow them. Now, go up with George and Squid and beat the old ded and cheena to a bloody pulp.' This devotchka was rather bossy. Not only was it her goloss that infuriated me, but it was what she was govreeting. The old people she was trying to oobivat were my parents! Nobody would lay a finger on my parents before I was six feet underground. The sound of heavy-heeled boots stomped across the living room tile and even closer to the stairs. I was suddenly flooded with excitement. Although I looked like a veck who was just about to set off for his morning job at the strip club, I was going to perform ultra-violence during the day! The best part was, I couldn't be penalized, since I would technically be acting in self-defense. It seemed like several minootas before the litsos of the tree malchicks appeared at the bottom of the steps. Priceless, it was, to see their expressions when they saw whose house they had broken into. 'Morning, droogs,' I began, descending down the stairs in a like hop, only one noga touching each stair. The malchicks backed up skorry, running into each other with nervous uhhhhhhs and ummmms. I grinned and tapped the end of my swordstick on the tile, goolying toward them real slow, making sure that the nadsats were real spoogy of me. Eventually, I had trapped the tree of them in a corner of my kitchen, their shoulders shrunken and their litsos pale. I could slooshy the devotchka gasp gromky behind me. I uncapped my cut-throat britva with no words, and the smallest malchick, a blond with the longest eyelashes I have ever seen (that weren't my artificial ones of course) of the same color, began to crark into tears. He tightly gripped the tallest veck's arm, probably his bratty, a brunet with a long face. He and the other malchick, who appeared to be Asian and of no relation to the other two, were stricken with strack. They breathed heavily and looked up at me, undoubtedly sensing death. But, oh my brothers, I was only going to have a little fun with them. I moved the nozh around in my palm, as if viddying and examining it. 'What is this talk of snuffing a ded and baboochka that you speak?' The blond howled louder and shoved his face in the crook of his bratty's right rooker. The brunet was also the one with the cancer, as at that moment, it fell out of his rot as if on cue. His glazzies were locked on me the whole time. That made me smeck, but I did so evilly to frighten the nadsats even more. I did this gromky and then abruptly stopped, shoving my litso closely to the brunet's. 'When I govreet to you, I expect you to answer, pony?' I creeched, lifting up my britva and holding it behind me, the tip facing the malchick's forehead. He swallowed hard and opened his rot. 'Ah, um, we were almost positive two old people lived here, and we were… ah—' 'Spot on, droogie! There is a starry couple that resides here!' I interrupted purposely, lowering my rooker and smiling, placing my hands on my hips. I also gave the tree vecks some space, the muscles of the two eldest loosening. The blond, however, continued to wail and blubber into his bratty's rooker. I made them feel safer on purpose. I stamped my right noga forward, which was bare, and grabbed the brunet by his black collar, pinning him against the wall. The blond horned in strack, revealing his litso. 'But,' I said, taking my nozh and putting the tip by his forehead again, only this time, I lightly pressed it into the middle, the red red krovvy beginning to sputter out of the new wound. 'Those people are my parents.' The brunet gasped for air like Len had the night earlier when I put him in his place, his litso turning a bright shade of red in struggle. His squinty glazzies were wide open. 'No, no, please!' The blond boy horned, reaching up and gripping my left rooker, which was the one I had clasped onto his bratty's shiyah. He dug his nails into my wrist, skriking as hard as he could, creeching, spoogy. I could feel the infection seep into my bloodstream from all of the dirt that was caked under the nadsat's fingernails, and my red red krovvy flowed all over my arm real skorry. With no choice, I dropped the brunet and faced the blond, furious. 'Who are you to stop me?' I barked, skorry wrapping my hands around his shiyah instead of his bratty's, beginning to shake him roughly. The violence was thrilling me so much, brothers, I cannot even express. As the Asian boy bolted and flung himself out and down the fire escape, the devotchka stood and viddied in strack, the blond horned and crarked, and the brunet tried his best to return oxygen to his lungs, I decided that I could greaten the violence and make it ultra. I dropped the blond, but only partially, and grabbed him by his voloss. He crarked bloody murder, tears spilling all over his litso and his black collared shirt (a rip-off of Your Humble Narrator's longsleeve, no doubt). Gripping my swordstick with white knuckles I raised it above my head, cracking down on the malchick's gulliver. A smirk washed across me as the blond grew quieter with each blow, the red red krovvy becoming easier and easier to viddy through his light-colored curls. The brunet was passed out at my nogas from inhaling and exhaling too skorry. The devotchka, however – who was actually pretty attractive, I noted just then, with short white shorts overtop black tights – whipped out a bolshy nozh and pointed it towards me from over by the couch. 'Stop it! Right now!' she squeaked, drawing nearer, 'I'll stab you before you can even react!' In the heat of the moment she had lost her thick nadsat yahzick. She was dressed as a feminized version of myself, with longer fake eyelashes on her right eye, a bow wrapped around her shlapa, and a tightfitting longsleeve. Oh, how the molodoy devotchkas idolized Alex the Large. I was their savior. And yet, here this one was, trying to break into her savior's home. Tsk tsk, what a nazz. I let the blond crumple next to his bratty, the both of them flowing krovvy from several places, their glazzy-lids closed relaxingly. I turned to the parody of myself and smirked, swinging up my swordstick so the end of it was resting in my left palm and I had it gripped in my right. 'Darling, please,' I uncapped my cut-throat britva, 'your nozh may be bolshy, but it's no match for my precious britva.' I ran the blade through my now-free left palm, a thin, neat cut forming, red red krovvy spilling. I could sense the cheena tense up, fearful but courageous noises escaping her tightly closed goobers. Knockoff Alex shook like a small animal, waving her nozh in the air like it was a flag. She was making me nervous, admittedly. 'I-I won't have to use this if you just give me Georgie and Cam!' I'm pretty sure I flinched when I slooshied the name 'Georgie'. One of those two bratties shared the same name as my snuffed droog, oobivatted in a robbery attempt. Oh my brothers, good ol' Georgie-boy was my favorite out of my three old droogs. I enjoyed messing around with him more than I enjoyed messing with Dim or Pete—I lied, appy polly loggies. I found the most fun in messing with Dim, but that was beside the point. I never got to bid my farewell to Georgie-boy, and I felt incomplete ever since I heard the news. Snapping back to reality, I kept my cool in front of this devotchka, although it was near impossible because I was wearing my eyelashes and shlapa but was in my neezhnies. Luckily, though, the cheena was too focused on whether I was going to snuff her or not, so I was being taken seriously. I clicked my yahzick on the roof of my mouth and shook my gulliver with a fake apologetic expression. 'Sorry, love, but no one breaks into my dear pee and em's house without paying their dues.' I tapped the empty longer 3/4ths of my swordstick on the ground in second intervals, smecking at the now-crying devotchka. She still flailed her rooker around that gripped her nozh. This made me furious; had she any idea how to use that thing? 'Stop swinging that around like an animal, you sodding cheena! Have you any idea how to gracefully wield a knife?!' She stopped, glancing up at me as if I had just told her she was on the death row, then took it back seconds later. This continued for about a minoota – just some awkward staring – before she unexpectedly charged at me with her nozh. I yawned, grabbing hold of her rooker and wrestling her to the ground with just my right side. When she was at my nogas, I stamped on her back with my bare foot. She wheezed afterward, curled in a ball, real spoogy. This whole thing was horrorshow, but I felt as if I was letting them win. I wasn't acting like I did at nochy, I was acting more… soft. But then again, I was a totally different person under the light of the luna than I was under the sun. I knelt down next to the platching devotchka, obviously a beginner to ultra-violence. I lifted her gulliver up so I could look her in the litso by her hair, somewhat fagged. 'Listen, idiot,' I said, 'If you just drag… whatever those two boys are to you out of this apartment by the fire escape right now, I'll let you go without hurting you. Okay?' The nadsat nodded, sniffly, the noise of mucus in her sinuses gurgling each time she breathed in. I helped her up, as I was always a tiny bit politer to cheenas and devotchkas, and walked over to the door. I opened it with a swift action of my rooker as the mini-weepy-Alex dragged the two sleeping vecks from my kitchen and out the door. As she passed me, she looked up at me, with my clenched zoobies through closed goobers, and frowned. 'Apologies for all the trouble, droog.' She practically choked out the last word, as if asking me if it was okay to use. I just stared at her, not accepting or rejecting, until she walked out. I roughly slammed the door, still somewhat in confusion as in what just sloochatted. What I was most angered about was not that droog-wannabe nadsats were going to oobivat my pee and em, but that I, Alex DeLarge, king of ultra-violence, had let them slip through my fingers. I should've snuffed them right then and there, hiding their bodies in the ducts until given the opportunity to take them out at nochy and weight them in the Marina. But I didn't, and I despised myself for it. My fists were clenched tightly and so were my zoobies, as I was ready to burst, my ultra-violent side wanting to appear and cause hell, but I felt a heavy feeling on my right foot. Glancing down, I saw my python slithering across me with her sladky, thick body under the table. It was then when I realized I was still in my neezhnies. I suppose I was so peeved over the nadsats, platties weren't even on my rasoodock (oh my brothers, as I was standing at the tippy-tops of my stairs in wait, I most definitely had time to change into my pants, longsleeve, codpiece and whatnot). With a swift movement of the rooker, I gripped my python's stomach from the kitchen table she was hiding under and slung her over my shoulder, with her slithering back and forth in content, her scaly and smooth body feeling cold against my bare plott. I stepped into my room, tossing her on the floor with a rather gromky thump. She lay stiff in shock for a split second before flicking her thin yahzick as she always did, gliding quietly under my bed. She was not as elegant and loveable as my dear, poor old Basil was, but she passed. I opened up my closet and extracted my favorite blue suit and tie (the one I had worn upon entry into the Staja). My choodessny eyelashes and shlapa were taken off and put in their respectable places, but only until the nochy came, for that was when I would swap litsos and stroll down the Flatblock Marina with my trusty swordstick, tolchocking and dratting the first poor veck that happened to unfortunately cross paths with me, that is Alex, and my three droogs, that is Bully, Rick, and Len. Spite of our differences we made a quite horrorshow banda, I must admit, cleverly escaping the millicents with tactics that Your Humble Narrator had thought of with my amazing mozg. I fuddled with my tie, as I was never too sure as to how to knot it, but finally got it in such a way that I was pleased with. Turning on my heel and scooping my eemya-less snake up to return her to the drawer, I bouncingly went downstairs, preparing to go out for a walk. I was already standing in the hallway, swinging the door closed, when I suddenly stuffed my loafer in the way. The wood crushed my noga, but the pain only lasted a short minoota. A glint of silver shone on my pee and em's plush carpet where the ptitsa had been standing not long ago. I went back inside, my keys still in the door, and pocketed the polyclef that the nadsats had dropped in strack. That could very well come into use later. … Oh my Bog, it seems like so long since I last published a chapter! Sorry to keep you waiting, if you were anticipating this. The middle of the chapter uses less Nadsat, but that's because it was written when I didn't have internet- which meant no access to a Nadsat dictionary. I had to use what words I did know and just hoped Little Alex stayed in character. I had to have him point out that he wasn't acting normal as a sign that showed that I was aware of it. It shouldn't happen again! I'm not sure when the next chapter will be published. I'll try to make my deadline Saturday at the most. ","Summary":" Hello! This is a disclaimer, as I do not own Alexander the Large or any of the other characters fea"},{"Movie":"Beetlejuice","Title":"Lydia Deetz and the hawaiian ghost","Author":"Captain leon","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13033312","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Dedicated to Winona Laura Horowitz Winona Ryder as Lydia Deetz . . Disclaimer: Jonathan Gems (contracted by Tim Burton) wrote in 1990 the script for the sequel to the film BEETLEJUICE. This second film (Beetlejuice Goes Hawaiian) was never made. This is just a fanfic and it's not trying to infringe Mr. Gems Jonathan's rights. The present fanfic is based on the script and website: Clases de Chicas gato . . LYDIA DEETZ AND THE HAWAIIAN GHOST Chapter 1: Arrival at Kanooka There was nothing but a flash of light from a spherical object. It wasn't a perfect sphere; it looked more like a half-digested eye that pulsed every couple of seconds. The eye was taken by a pair of hands scorched by fire, which gently led the eye to the breast of the silhouette of what appeared to be a woman. \"Don't worry, you are mine and mine alone,\" said a curvilinear woman (phantom) with her body completely burned... . . A small cruiser goes up the waves under a completely clear sky and approaches the port of a tropical island. \"Welcome to the Hawaiian island of Kanooka, ladies and gentlemen, the captain wishes you a pleasant stay on the spot\" was heard over the loudspeaker from the cruise ship when it arrived at the island port. Few travelers got off the ship, all of them dressed in typical Hawaiian costumes for tourists with the exception of a young couple. A couple of children who wore black clothes and who were apparently immune to the ubiquitous heat of the place. The girl was wearing a Gothic dress with a long skirt and the boy was slightly more casual, but just as dark. Apparently the boy had a stomachache and the girl helped him walk. \"Do you feel better now, Percy?\" Lydia asked worried. \"Ufff, I'm not used to traveling by sea, the seasickness and something I ate made me feel very bad, when I went to the bathroom it was as if I was passing a rock,\" complained Percy, who fortunately had not forgotten to hide his ears and tail (he is a Cat Boy). After a short tour they arrived at the only hotel on the island, apparently the place did not have much tourist development. The establishment was picturesque with the typical island decoration of the place; both Charles and Delia were very enthusiastic as they checked in with the administrator. \"I wonder why they look so happy Lydia.\" \"I don't know, Percy, but if they look this lively, it means it's not a good thing.\" The Deetzes took a room with two beds (even though they were married) and both Lydia and Percy had their own rooms overlooking the beach. . . At dusk the Deetz enjoyed a delicious dinner with local delicacies, Percy was thrilled with the variety of local seafood. The adults took the opportunity to inform the children that they were planning to build a tourist complex on the spot. \"\"Paradise Deetz\", that will be the name, what do you guys think,\" Charles said smilingly. \"Hum, I don't know, I guess a resort will bring some economy to the place,\" Lydia said, looking at Percy, who didn't see anything wrong with that idea. \"And tell me, you will surely decorate the place with autochthonous elements,\" said Lydia fearing the answer. \"Of course not fool, I mean silly,\" corrected herself by looking at Charles, \"it is obvious that the decoration will be ordered by your dear mommy.\" \"You're not my \"dear mommy\" Delia\" - contradict her Lydia. She knew she had made a mistake and that her father's reproach would soon come to her, but at that point someone brought the \"shark fin soup\". Lydia was uncomfortable with the dish and explained to her parents why she was against eating something that contributed to the systematic and brutal extermination of sharks. With this she had the perfect excuse to leave the table and go to her room, not without making it clear to Percy that he could eat the soup without worries. . . Deciding not to waste the morning, the kids went for an early walk on the beach, thus preventing the Deetz from imposing ridiculous costumes on their daughter. \"Lydia... you should have tasted the shark fin soup, it was delicious...\" dared to say Percy a little nervous. \"Look Percy, I'm glad you liked the soup, but I don't think I could enjoy it, don't think I'm angry with you or judging you,\" said Lydia after sighing and smiling at the cat boy. Already relaxed, Percy and Lydia with their little fingers intertwined went to explore the island. The size of the island fooled them, it was larger than they suspected at first and at the end they reached a clearing of tropical vegetation in which several heads were carved on the sand. \"It can't be!\" Lydia exclaimed, with her eyes wide open, \"these sculpted heads are the same as those of Easter Island, but that's impossible, the Easter Island is located in the South Pacific Ocean and belongs to Chile, while we are in the northern hemisphere. The only large sculpted heads I know so far north are the Olmec heads in Mexico, I don't understand anything.\" \"Nya, you're super Lydia, I didn't know that, you're super smart.\" Lydia sent him a nervous smile as she saw an islander approaching. He was a slender and nervous man with a short beard; he looked so old that the kids were surprised at the graceful and calm way in which he walked. \"Sorry I scared you, I couldn't help but overhear your conversation, you really are smart, but I'm sorry I didn't introduce myself, I'm Maui and I'm the shaman of the island,\" said the old man after laughing funnyly. \"Nice to meet you, this is my friend Percy and I'm Lydia.\" \"You know a lot about Easter Island, but if you look closely you will see that these heads are different.\" Lydia, looking more closely at the sculpted heads, turned to one and could see that unlike the Easter Island heads, Kanooka Island heads had a more bulbous nose. \"So, do you know magic too?\" Percy asked. \"Yes, I am the last shaman not only of the Kanooka, but of the islands,\" said the man with a sad expression. \"Hotdog I can't believe it,\" said happy Percy for finding a shaman. \"The last one?\" Lydia asked. \"That's right, none of the young people on the island have the magical power to take my place, nor does any man or woman on the other islands have that power\" the man looked at the boys with sorrow, but then he narrowed his eyes and looked more closely at the children. \"I see that you have magical power running through your bodies.\" \"Yes, Lydia has magical powers, she can see the aura of people and other things like trees, to see if they are good or bad, she can communicate with ghosts, she can read the tarot cards perfectly,\" listed Percy totally happy, while exposing his ears and tail. \"I see,\" laughed Maui, who apparently was not surprised to see Percy, the Cat Boy, but rather pleased. The shaman took Lydia's hands and asked her if she wanted him to teach her magic, which Lydia gladly accepted. Maui told the kids that the magic of the islands was especially powerful because it all came from a pillar of magma that came directly from the center of the earth, the islands of Hawaii arose from that pillar of magma unlike the rest of the continents and islands of the planet that emerged from the oceans by the collision of tectonic plates. The magic of the island was not very varied but the shaman would teach Lydia \"Magic Tsunami\", a superior magic power because the man was very sick and surely would not have time to teach her other more basic aspects of magic. . . It was dusk when the boys said goodbye to Maui and headed for the hotel. When they reached this point, they found that in front of the place there was a crowd not happy at all. \"Let the outsiders go!\" \"Death to the Americans!\" \"Down with capitalism and materialism!\" \"Get out of here, Deetzs!\" Percy headed to the back of the hotel and carrying Lydia with both arms, he leapt over the metal fence, landing softly on the floor. The kids then headed inside the building and discovered that the Deetz went to the local radio station and publicly announced their plans to build the resort. At first the kids didn't see any problems with the resort, but when they met Maui, he explained the reason for not promoting the island with the carved heads. It turns out that if the island made the world known through the use of stone heads, the whole place would be invaded by hordes of tourists who would surely destroy the ecosystem of the place. \"What will we do, Lydia?\" \"I don't know, but we can't allow Dad and Delia to build their tourist center here, this island is the only one in Hawaii that was saved from destruction by the importation of alien species, if the idea of building the complex was realized, the disaster would be comparable to what happened in Australia, a complete calamity.\" \"And who are all those guys?\" \"Most of them are islanders, but the young people call themselves \"beatnicks\", that's rare, the beats were people who were against materialism and they were called beatnicks in a derogatory way to indicate lazy people who used violent methods, those people and their philosophy were absorbed by other philosophical currents like the hippies in the sixties, it's rare that they have lasted on this island up to the present time.\" \"It seems to me that they are just a group of simple surfers.\" . . In No WORLD, a group of ancient Hawaiian ghosts, spoke with a ghost, she had the form of a woman with a burned body. \"No, I will not deliver Beetlejuice to you, his body is still regenerating, and even if it were completely regenerated I would not deliver to you, now go away,\" the ghost threatened them.\" . . After breakfast, the boys went to talk to the beatnicks after Lydia and Percy's attempts to convince the Deetz were unsuccessful. The beatnicks leader, a handsome tanned surfer named Kimo, turned out to be a first-rate asshole and told Lydia that if her parents built the resort, he would call the population to burn the place down. . . The days passed very quickly for the two kids between the construction of the complex, the protests led by Kimo and training of Maui. After one of the shaman's training sessions, the boys noticed a great hustle and bustle as they approached the construction site of the resort and rushed in. \"Delia, what's going on?\" Lydia asked her stepmother. Those stupid surfers tried to kidnap your father, but then they and their leader some guy called Kimo were arrested. \"Is Dad all right?\" wanted to know Lydia, who was frightened by her stepmother's information. \"Yes, he's fine.\" Percy hugged Lydia to comfort her and took her away from the building that was apparently caught in the fire. . . \"FREE, FREE FROM THAT STINKING WOMAN!\" Beetlejuice shouted. \"Don't forget your promise Beetlejuice,\" said one of the Hawaiian ghosts, \"you must expel those humans from our island.\" \"Of course I will, but not for you, I have unfinished business with a certain annoying girl and her cat,\" said the ghost, and then swallowed up the Hawaiian ghosts. The muted screams of these came from the ghost's trachea and moved toward his stomach. TO BE CONTINUE... . . Is not necessary to understand this work, but you can read the previous fanfic: Lydia Deetz and the house's ghost This fanfic was translated from Spanish into English using the DeepL program, and my knowledge of English. Forgive any grammatical and punctuation errors. . . Lydia Deetz and the hawaiian ghost Original tittle: Un gato contra un fantasma 2[Chapter 2] Dedicated to Winona Laura Horowitz Winona Ryder as Lydia Deetz . . LYDIA DEETZ AND THE HAWAIIAN GHOST Chapter 2: Juicifer . The fact that Beetlejuice emerged from his partially digested eye implied a number of problems: First, he no longer had the great powers he once possessed; Second, regenerate from a small piece as his eye implied that his magic was unstable, if he dared to use his magic to its full capacity it might be frightening but the effect would only last a moment. He would have to plan his revenge well but he didn't have enough time because he could be found by that charred ghost, and she had power over him because she had saved him, but of course, he still had some dirty tricks left in the bag. Kimo and his ruffians were released and when he was on his way home, Beetlejuice appeared before him and entered his mouth and took possession of his body. Beetlejuice's initial plan was to seduce Lydia, but he took this for useless because Lydia could discover him when she saw his aura, and her cat could also do something similar, he didn't have time, so he chose the easy way, he would give Lydia a potion that would make her fall in love with him and at the same time hate her damn cat. Once married to Lydia, the barriers of the world and no world would not be an obstacle to him. \"Excuse me, I can talk to you for a moment,\" a possessed Kimo said to Lydia. \"I have nothing to say to you,\" Lydia replied, and then she got up from the seat and headed for the tourist resort, which was almost finished because of his parents' mania to always rush things. \"I know I don't deserve you to even speak to me, but I came to tell you that when I was arrested I saw the evil of my actions and I came to apologize, even if you didn't listen I had to say it, please forgive me, it is horrible to go against everything I believed before, my friends now hate me and I am a pariah in the whole island...\" Lydia turned and looked seriously at Kimo and accepted his apologies, but stressed that even if he apologized, he did not expect a different treatment from Lydia than the current one and went with determined step to the hotel. \"Fucking little girl, she was more complicated than I assumed. What's wrong with today's girls? Where is the simplicity of life and superficiality? Plan \"B\" time.\" The ghost infiltrated the hotel and placed the potion in Lydia's jug, now everything would be waiting a little bit. . . With the new day just beginning and already awake, Lydia took a shower and after changing a new set of Gothic clothes she took some juice, everything seemed fine but then she noticed that Percy behavior towards her was a little cold. In fact, Percy was as kind to Lydia as always, but the potion distorted the reality that Lydia experienced. By attending Maui's training, things got worse because Lydia felt that Percy didn't appreciate her efforts to try to master the magical tsunami that the shaman was trying to teach her, so she told Percy that she would go to the hotel alone and that she didn't need him to accompany her. Percy, as he walked sadly and confusedly to the hotel, saw how Lydia was talking to Kimo in a very lively way. \"Lydia, what are you doing with this guy.\" \"Percy, I told you to leave me alone, plus I can talk to whoever I want so leave.\" \"How do you want me to go? I can't leave you with this guy. Don't you remember what he did?\" \"I won't tell you again Percy, go away, you're just a nosy cat, or did you expect something else to happen between us?\" Lydia's words struck Percy hard, who felt an unpleasant current touching his face and chest at the same time, and without being able to control his actions, he turned and rushed toward the thick of the island. Lydia composed a sad face that made Beetlejuice worry. \"Damn, the girl is very strong; she still has feelings for the cat. If I don't hurry, my whole plan will go to waste,\" Beetlejuice thought, and then he said to Lydia: \"Darling, how about introducing me to your parents?\" Beetlejuice gave another potion to Lydia and now with the girl's low defenses, Beetlejuice got rid of Kimo's body and disguised himself as a wealthy young oil man, and with Lydia headed inside the hotel. Beetlejuice was surprised to see how easy everything was going, he did not expect the Deetz to be so miserable when they immediately accepted that their daughter would marry this handsome young man and also oil billionaire, and the wedding was arranged for the following night! . . \"Lydia, Lydia...\" Percy sobbed without consolation, cared nothing and did not hide his ears and tail. Each sob was cut short by the crying that wanted to get out of his chest as he tried with one hand to hold the other tightly as if it were Lydia and he was unwilling to let her go. \"Percy, what happened to you?\" Maui asked who happened to pass by the place. \"It's Lydia,\" Percy said to him, and he explained the situation to Maui and Maui was thoughtful. \"I don't think the Lydia I know could say that, you don't think something strange is happening. It's best if you talk to her and try to make things clear.\" Percy listened attentively to the old man's words and decided that he was right, went to the hotel and heard firecrackers detonating in the distance. \"The inauguration of the hotel! It's this evening, how could I forgot that,\" Percy thought, rushing to the place. When he arrived, the chaos was unleashing itself. Beetlejuice had lost control of his power and a horde of ghostly monsters accompanied him: Hypnoids, who were headless ghosts swallowing spaghetti from their necks; resuscitated skeletons of dinosaurs brought by Delia; cactus women; various sculptures of Delia; and most impressive of all... the island's stony heads were actually entire buried giants. \"Percy!\" Lydia shouted. \"Good thing you're here.\" \"What happened, Lydia? That's Beetlejuice, I thought he was dead.\" \"I also thought that he was dead, but it seems that he is not only alive but also more powerful. Oh Percy! I'm so sorry, I didn't want to tell you those things but I didn't have control of myself.\" A heavy blow from one of the giants rumbled into place and the two kids took refuge in a safer place. \"Beetlejuice possessed Kimo's body and made me ingest a potion to hate you and to fall in love with him.\" \"If there is someone who should apologize, that would be me,\" said Percy, \"with \"Perceiving Evilness\" I should have discovered that there was something strange in Kimo, but I was a fool and fled the place.\" \"Forgive me, Percy,\" said Lydia. \"I told you that there is nothing to forgive Lydia, now we have to stop Beetlejuice,\" Percy said, looking at the girl directly in her eyes, there was no trace of rancor in Percy's eyes. \"Thank you... but now to say Beetlejuice's name three times doesn't work anymore, Kimo once he came to his senses was about to shout his \"new name\" but Beetlejuice, incinerated him in the act.\" \"Do you have any idea what he might have said?\" \"No idea, he just said: \"shallow\", and then he died in a horrible way, he couldn't finish saying the name.\" \"How did you get rid of Beetlejuice's spell?\" \"It was difficult, but just before I accepted to be his wife, I regained my senses. I started screaming Beetlejuice's name several times but nothing happened. Then the ghost was furious and screaming, he took off his tuxedo while shouting that he had already digested the ghosts of the island and transformed himself into \"Juicifer\", then summoned his horde of monsters.\" A roar approached them and they decided to move and seek refuge elsewhere. The chaos was total, both tourists and locals fleeing from the monsters Beetlejuice summoned. The beatnicks tried to flee in a group but Beetlejuice, transformed into a giant aberration, opened his jaws with long, sharp teeth and swallowed the group of surfers with a single bite. \"We're in danger,\" Lydia said. \"Calm down, Lydia, I assure you that no matter what, I will protect you, I will protect your life with mine if necessary,\" Percy grabbed her by the arms and stared into her eyes. \"Besides, I still can't get you to eat that shark soup,\" he said with a smile. Lydia calmed down and after lowering her eyes for a few seconds, she looked back at Percy with resolve, and straight to his eyes. \"Percy I'm going to call \"Magic Tsunami\", I'm sure, this time I can do it.\" \"I'll give you some time.\" \"Don't you dare, don't you dare to die Percy, please don't you dare...\" \"None will die, I swear to you...\" He promised, and Percy went to the front of the hotel, while Lydia was on her way to the beach. A hypnoid was running towards Percy and the cat boy shouted: BALON, and immediately the boy rolled up and as if it were a ball he went against the ghost. The hypnoid upon being reached was sent directly to No World. Lydia arrived at the beach and prepared to summon the magic Maui taught her. She spread her legs apart and straightened her spine in a pose equal to that of a karate man. She had to connect with the forces of Mother Earth to achieve it, and nothing happened... A scream came out of Percy's throat: COLA EXTENSIBLE, and Percy's tail stretched and held the hair of one of the cactus women. Not being able to hit with BALON against a ghost covered with spikes, he decided to hold her with his tail through her hair and threw her away from the place. \"Concentrate Lydia,\" she said to herself, \"you have to feel the strength of Mother Earth.\" Then in her mind appeared the figure of a gigantic feline and then the figure of the deceased mother of Lydia... The enormous skeleton of a dinosaur was about to crush Percy when he shouted: GRAVEDAD and the mass of bones collapsed to the ground. Streams of magical energy enveloped Lydia as if it were a miniature tornado; Lydia's hair raised defying gravity and with a powerful voice conjured the spell. Three giants surrounded Percy and in a whisper he said to himself: INVISIBILIDAD and the giants lost sight of him. Percy was tired of using so much magic, but his love for Lydia drove him on, but at the time one of Delia's sculptures jumped into the void trying to crush a fleeing tourist and he was almost free, but he caught Percy and flew him five yards from the place. \"Lydia... I don't think I can enjoy that wonderful soup with you.\" The lights of dawn peeked out over the horizon and showed how it was mysteriously rising and, besides, approaching! The horizon was approaching at a brutal speed as a noise as if coming from an airplane engine rumbled through the place. The gigantic wave struck the monsters of Beetlejuice with all its fury and made them disappear; the same Beetlejuice disappeared without even giving him the opportunity to give a single scream. After the hustle and bustle everything remained peaceful, both Beetlejuice and his monsters were exterminated, \"Paradise Deetz\" was in ruins. The giant wave had wiped out everything, both the islanders and tourists who had survived the wave's pre-arrival attack were undamaged, but there were still several bodies scattered around the site, the unfortunate ones who perished before Lydia's power intervention, as well as the islanders' houses and folkloric structures of the place were standing and undamaged, it seemed the islanders' houses and folkloric structures were still standing. Apparently the wave only damaged what the summoner considered his enemy, be it ghosts, monsters or in the case of the hotel, unwanted structures. In the midst of the ruins a tiny, white-winged head with wings at the sides was trying to mumble something, but he couldn't make it, so black burned arms held the tiny, strange head. \"You will not escape again, you are mine, you are only mine, my love, my \"Shallowtail\".\" And the figure of a charred woman disappeared with the head. Lydia stumbled through the place screaming her friends name without getting an answer, and then one of her feet hit the body of a black cat lying inertly on the ground. \"Percy, Percy.\" Lydia started crying as she held her friend's corpse tightly against her chest and covered him with kisses and tears. \"Lydia?\" A voice was heard and the girl looked aside and saw the Deetzes looking at her attentively. \"Lydia?\" The voice was heard again and then the young woman looked the other way and saw Percy looking at her in a worried way and then he said with a nervous smile: \"you know: \"multiple souls\", I still have eight lives left.\" \"Percy!\" Lydia shouted and rushed to Percy, and as he was within reach she embraced him tightly. The inert body of Percy the cat had disappeared. \"Percy, I thought, I thought...\" was trying to say Lydia, but Percy wouldn't let her continue because he kissed her on the lips. Lydia's eyes widened, but then she narrowed them and kissed her friend back. In the face of all the desolation in the place, the bodies of Lydia and Percy stood like tall steel towers and unscathed. As if the Eiffel Tower and the Tokyo Tower were standing next to each other. Both friends separated for a brief moment and kissed again. THE END ","Summary":" Dedicated to Winona Laura Horowitz Winona Ryder as Lydia Deetz . . Disclaimer: Jonathan Gems (contr"},{"Movie":"Beetlejuice","Title":"The Pit of Ultimate Dark Shadows (Beetlejuice Episodes)","Author":"Daryl Wor","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12208361","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: Hello, fellow fans. This may look a little strange, but it's certainly not a cross-over, it's a multi-fandom. Other methods and websites didn't work out for fun discussion/reviews but this method has to reach the right people. This show is a relief-series for 1960's daytime drama \"Dark Shadows\". Several classic spooks are along for the ride to lend a hand. I wasn't sure about our BJ at first, but then I realized he was likely around a long time, even in 1968, so this shows him pre-movie. I like to channel and ask my adopted characters what they would do or say. When I asked him to help? He smiled with open arms and told me: \"I'm all yours, babe. Happy to be of service.\" ;) (He's hidden in the script with a different \"name\". I hope you like a puzzle. I'm sure you'll figure out where he is.) There are many more episodes if you're interested and they are finished in podcast form, including this one. I do my best for all the character voices and I'm told my Michael Keaton impression was very good. Well here it is, and on podomatic, podbay, iTunes, googleplay, and archive dot org, as usual. Hope you're ready for The Ghost With The Most. Happy Hallowe'en! The Pit of Ultimate Dark Shadows Episode 16: A Death in the Family [Pit of Ultimate Darkness Theme] MILLIGAN: Hello. My name is Sir Simon Milligan and I welcome you to The Pit of Ultimate Dark Shadows . And in these Shadows what dreams may come? Bourn is the death of our beloved handy-man, Tom Jennings, who we understand to be a family relation, or so our ghoulish Caleb Collins has referred to him as. HECUBUS: Yes, Master. MILLIGAN: AHH! Oh, piffle. We might as well assume you're here whenever I am, Hecubus. It would make the intro much shorter as things go… HECUBUS: This is true, my evil Lord. MILLIGAN: And as per usual, our beloved and evil Angelique has worked up some mischief to which others must suffer and… oh… what is it, Hecubus? HECUBUS: (sniffing) Oh, we know she's polite… when is she going to show it? MILLIGAN: Yes, I know, my wee wicked one, it is getting to be a bit much after all the joy we finally were able to conjure up around here… but she IS a toughie, I'm afraid. (Contemplative) You know… everyone seems to holler after you more, Hecubus. Maybe YOU could get her on a date instead of me. HECUBUS: (delighted) ME, Master? MILLIGAN: Yes, sure, why not? [Hoots and hollers from the audience.] HECUBUS: (gleefully) Oh, my! That cheered me up. MILLIGAN: As it was intended to. And now that we're over it as far as an introduction goes, we continue with the story. Willie Loomis is a little perturbed. HECUBUS: Why, Master? Because of Angelique's blood drain on Tom Jennings? MILLIGAN: No… it's something more we'd be perturbed by. You see, there's a woman in The Old House, who remained overnight. HECUBUS: Oh, of course! Well, yes, I could see how that would perturb us, a bit exciting that. So why is she able to stay there? MILLIGAN: Well, if one is sharing time with the ghost of a potential sister-in-law, however corporeal now in form, I suppose our Miss Evans has come to understand that's a good a chaperone as any. Besides, since she's gone through her triple-past-life-regression, it IS her room , isn't it? Perhaps she wants to get used to feeling safe in there. I could easily see how she could, anyway. Light blue quarters ARE supposed to calm the nerves, or so I've heard. HECUBUS: Yes, I believe they do, Master. But now we must continue our saga along the twisting, curving path of… General Hospital… [Cricket chirp] MILLIGAN: Wrong show, Hecubus. HECUBUS: No, Master. We mean, by which, the general hospital of Collinsport, wherever that may be and whatever it's called. MILLIGAN: It's called The Collinsport Hospital, you dumb devil-bunny! HECUBUS: Whoops! Of course, Master. [Crashing waves, Dark Shadows theme music, blah, blah, blah] HECUBUS: And so, Dr. Hoffman and Professor Stokes, having been called at Dr. Hoffman's less dusty office, while sorting through her mail and staff records, were related the information that a certain unusual death had been discovered. There was another doctor involved but the Nurses were too busy to explain quite who he was as they had many skinned knees and elbows to tend to. BUT… they let her know to come and view the trouble right away. [Hospital background sounds, flipping pages…] STOKES: Hmm, seems like a Dr. Pierce is in charge of the remains of a… erm… Tom Jennings, Julia. HOFFMAN: Tom Jennings? I think he was the handy man at the old Seaview Property of Collinwood, wasn't he? STOKES: Yes, Julia, he is… erm, well, he was , I suppose. Looks as though one Dr. Pierce brought him in unannounced and has made due to take his autopsy into his own hands. HOFFMAN: Oh, well… wait… Doctor Pierce? From Crabapple Cove? STOKES: I have no knowledge from whence the man dwells, Dr. Hoffman. Why, what is perturbing you, so? HOFFMAN: (irritated sigh) Oh… good lord! Why him? STOKES: What's wrong, Julia. Is he a quack? HOFFMAN: (laughing cough) Ohh… he's a fine doctor, but he does quack things up something fierce. Or something pierce… wonderful , now I'm already doing it! Oh… (defeated angst) what did I do to deserve this? STOKES: I am intrigued at the prospect of meeting someone who is having this effect on you. We only know his name and it's not uncommon. Let us venture forward to the room and investigate the body. [steps sounding down hall, M*A*S*H* background music cue, door opens] HOFFMAN: (takes a breath and carefully speaks) Dr. Pierce? HAWKEYE: (as enthusiastic as ever) Yowza, yowza, yowza… look at that doctor and, s-a-y… what a distinguished looking chap you've got there. Finally getting some vamoose, Hoffman? STOKES: (intrigued) Well, I can see what she meant when she described you to me, Dr. Pierce. Allow me to introduce myself. I am Professor Stokes. HAWKEYE: (happily flamboyant) AH! Quite so! By the looks of things I can see you've STOKED her fire a bit. Quite an accomplishment… I couldn't get a nuzzle out of her, myself. HOFFMAN: (resignedly, with little hope) Dr. Pierce… could you please be serious for once? HAWKEYE: (kick-back) Nope! Can't afford it, Hoffman… Even now that I'm making good money again. Well, Proff- I'd shake hands but I'm a little gloved at the moment. STOKES: (accepting) Of course. How is the… well, the patient? HAWKEYE: (incredulous) Patient? You mean deceased. He's just fine. Quite out of his misery, I'm sure. Completely drained dry by some blood sucker. I hear the mosquitoes can grow to human size around here. STOKES: (vaguely aghast) Goodness! You appear to take this in stride, Dr. Pierce. Have you been to Collinsport before? You sound like you're very aware of its peculiarities. HAWKEYE: Oh! I know about Collinsport… (laughing) Say the secret word…? And a rubber bat will flap down and give you a hundred dollars! (still laughing) HOFFMAN: You see? I told you. Dr. Pierce, how did you come into this mess anyway? HAWKEYE: Well they don't call me Hawkeye for nothing, Dr. Hoffman. I was on my way to a surgical convention. HOFFMAN: (incredulous) A surgical convention, Dr. Pierce? HAWKEYE: Yeh, can't picture me at a place like that, right? But I wanted to see an old friend whose name I still can't figure out. All he'll ever give me is his initials. HOFFMAN: (sighs) Well, it shouldn't surprise me YOU'RE here considering all the gags we've been having. HAWKEYE: Ah-hahaaa! Finally seeing my point about too much drama clogging up the proverbial pipes? HOFFMAN: Hmmph… I think it happened by accident… ever since that butler showed up here. HAWKEYE: Oh, yes! Wadsworth. Collinsport's ode to P.G. Wodehouse. HOFFMAN: Huh? Where did you hear that? HAWKEYE: (shrugging) Eh, a gal I ran across in Brooklyn. She knows that housekeeper over at Collinwood. HOFFMAN: Uh-huh… I see you still have the Hawaiian shirts beneath your coat… Guess it gives you warm thoughts in this climate. HAWKEYE: A bit- But multi-cultural interests are rising up like the spooks around here. And someone at that Norrie's in Schooner Bay knows how to make a good Mai Tai. HOFFMAN: (annoyed) Spooks? So… know about those too. You seem p-r-e-t-t-y amused by all this, as if you had to live through such a troubled town with all its terror. HAWKEYE: HA! Dr. Julia Hoffman…. I know with all the supernatural hogwash going on here, really, you DO remember, as bad as all this is—I saw worse in Korea. You know that, don't you? STOKES: Worse? HOFFMAN: I… suppose. HAWKEYE: You'd better. I've had enough talk therapy on your account and Sidney Freedman's that I'm almost having a normal living again. So really, Hoffman, lighten up! HOFFMAN: (sighs and chuckles) All right, I understand. And actually I was more distressed to know you were here. At this point I shouldn't be surprised more is going on. Does the deceased even have an ounce of blood left in him? HAWKEYE: Barely a dew drop. I'm surprised there's any moisture left in this Tom Jennings at all. He was pretty decayed already when I found him on the side of the road and just look at that hickey. I haven't seen one like that on a neck since Margaret Houlihan! STOKES: (perturbed) Who? HOFFMAN: (sighs) Eliot, it doesn't matter. TOM: Why do you all keep talking about me as though I'm not even here? HAWKEYE: It's a little distressing seeing how young this boy is… but I've seen it all. Doesn't surprise me the poor fella had it so rough around here. TOM: Hey! I asked you- [Music by Lustmord \"The Blasted Plain\" begins…] CALEB: (almost softly) Mistah Jennings. TOM: HUH? CALEB: You remember me, right, Tom? TOM: Mr. Collins? CALEB: (Maine squawk with Victorian jibe) Yeh, that's right. Ya did a lot of werk for me, didn't ya? Ya didn't deserve all this, eh? Poor chap. I had a feeling this was going to happen. TOM: What was going to happen? CALEB: You're like me now… Tom. You're dead. TOM: No… no… I feel the same… and I'm standing… CALEB: I know, standin' right there. And so here I am. I think we make a pretty good pair, Mr. Jennings. After all, you are family. You know that now, right? TOM: Family… No, I… wait… what's happening? CALEB: (sighs) You're receiving the information you need; So much required about your life, about your history, about this world. Ye shan't get it all… but you're beginning to grasp it. Am I right? [Previous music bleeds out while \"El Transcurrir de las Horas\" by Bosques de mi Mente, bleeds in] TOM: (flustered) Yes… yes… I… oh no… something's wrong… with… with my brother, isn't it? CALEB: That's right, Mr. Jennings. Your brother is in serious danger. Has been for quite some time now… and he's coming, isn't he? TOM: (whispers name) Chris… oh… if only I'd known… CALEB: (fed up) P'shh, if only you'd known! Don't give me that. It's been echoed across the centuries, Tom. We all say it and it means nothing. If we'd known we likely couldn't a'changed what was eventually to be. God knows I'VE tried and I keep trying. TOM: (exhales) All right, Mr. Collins. So what do we do now? CALEB: Come back to Seaview, Tom. I'm not really here. I'm only transmitting myself to help you come back. And you won't necessarily be stuck as I am. I made my contract, as ye know, but I haven't made my peace with this shoddy world yet. Not until it gets bettah and I can shuffle off. TOM: So… I go with you? CALEB: (kindly) Yes… my friend… HECUBUS: Aw, those two do have a manner of sharing the problems at hand. MILLIGAN: And so they do. But frankly… I'm more worried about the damsel to which I produce rivulets of drool for. HECUBUS: Ohhhhh! Angelique as a vampire, Master? MILLIGAN: Yes! For short let's call her… V'Angelique! It is evening and she has finally sustained enough energy after slurping the life-blood from Tom Jennings that arriving upon The Old House is a simple allocation of events. Barnabas Collins has let his guard down within the house and no wonder… The love of his life is there, as is the ghost of his sister, Sarah, his potential father-in-law and renewed comrade, Willie Loomis… So much wonder and bliss leaves our hero with his front door… unlocked. [door opens and shuts, steps, fire crackling, DS tension music] BARNABAS: Who is there? Who… YOU? ANGELIQUE: (comfortably evil) You thought you were rid of me, didn't you? Well, you were wrong. BARNABAS: (confused by dramatic events, as usual) We destroyed you. ANGELIQUE: Frightened aren't you? Ohhh, I like seeing that expression in your face. I've been waiting for this moment for a long— [footsteps, door swings open] WADSWORTH: Sir, the Ev—oh, dear! ANGELIQUE: Who are you? WADSWORTH: I am Wadsworth. The butler. ANGELQUE: I see. Do you know who I am? WADSWORTH: Yes. I know, madam. SARAH: Hello. ANGELIQUE: (shocked gasping) Sarah! SARAH: You remember me. ANGELIQUE: Yes. SARAH: And you remember what you did to me, yes? ANGELIQUE: I… I… SARAH: (stalwart) You made me sick. You made me sick to trick someone. ANGELIQUE: And now… you're dead. SARAH: Am I? ANGELIQUE: Yes… (steps) But your brother isn't, is he, Sarah Collins? And you wouldn't want to do anything to see him hurt now, would you? SARAH: No. But you do. ANGELIQUE: (Inhale of breath) [shuffling down the stairs] WILLIE: (ready to rumble) Oh, no you don't! Don't you touch her! ANGELIQUE: So? Another loved one I'll need to make use of. Aren't you… handsome? WILLIE: (threatening) Sure, lady, sure! Ya wanna stop making trouble for us now that things are better? Don't ya get my back up. ANGELIQUE: Or what? Would a nice fellow like you strike a woman? WILLIE: Believe me… I've done worse. ANGELIQUE: Ah, but… Wouldn't you like to oblige a… well… deserving vampire…? WILLIE: (slowly) As far as I got things strait… I already have. Now you, you stay away from this little girl, y'here me, lady? SARAH: She can't harm me, Willie. Not anymore- WILLIE: I DON'T CARE! People can be hurt beyond graves, beyond words, beyond any a'this stuff! Memories linger… I know that for sure. [pause] ANGELIQUE: (twirl) it's you. You're the one in my way. Wadsworth is it? WADSWORTH: (vague surprise) Me? Why me? ANGELIQUE: You're the only one here that doesn't seem to fit. You came from somewhere. Somewhere very far away. You don't belong in this house. [background music alters from DS to Clue] BARNABAS: He belongs here far more than you do. ANGELIQUE: Oh? (breathy) Wadsworth. I'll make you sorry you ever started this. One day where we're alone together? WADSWORTH: (honest) Madam, no man in his right mind would be alone together with you. WILLIE: (amused) Hhmph… That would explain a lot about Barnabas. BARNABAS: (sarcastically) THANK YOU, Willie… Well to make a long story short… WILLIE & WADSWORTH: Too late. WADSWORTH: Might I sing her out of the house again, Sir? So to speak? ANGELIQUE: That was you?! BARNABAS: (smug) Ahhh, admitting the Cassandra role now? It's about time. ANGELIQUE: (huffy noise) You're all against me. Everyone has always been against me. WILLIE: With good reason from the looks of it. ANGELIQUE: Enough. It's obvious I'm no match here so I have a solution… Barnabas? I shall give you 24 hours. You will meet me in the foyer at Collinwood then, and you will give me your answer to our eventually union, the one that was always meant to be, and you know it . No matter what happens, no matter what new friends or old family stands in the way. [Clue background music morphs back into DS background tension music] BARNABAS: (incredulous) I see. And if I don't? ANGELIQUE: The ruin will happen again, and I can do it. You've likely heard about Tom Jennings departure by now. BARNABAS: Yes. ANGELIQUE: So we're agreed. Don't be fooled by your recent fortune. I will stop at nothing. [door opens and shuts] BARNABAS: Willie, how did you know about…? WADSWORTH: I have made some efforts to apprise Mr. Loomis of Miss Bouchard's dreaded conquests. I believe he understands where you've been coming from all this time, Sir. WILLIE: I sure do. I can understand that kind of monster creating the same thing in someone else. BARNABAS: How is that, Willie? WILLIE: Jason, Barnabas, Jason McGuire, among others. That's all y'need to know. SARAH: (placating) Willie, come upstairs with me, won't you? WILLIE: (calming down) Sure, sure little girl… I'll go. WADSWORTH: I shall follow you both shortly. [stair steps, music fades out] WADSWORTH: Distress is often a mainstay here, Sir. But as Mrs. Stoddard has quoted an old friend of hers as saying, you must \"plant your feet firm on the deck when a gale blows…hold your head up high and damn the Devil. \" BARNABAS: Thank you, Wadsworth. [steps on the stairs, swing of doors] MAGGIE: We heard, Barnabas. We know. SAM: Mmm! And it's good to hear Bill Malloy quoted. I'm not sure how that dame got in here, but… well, Bill did tell me I should lock my door if I don't want company. Guess that's good advice for a lot of us. I know nobody's supposed to lock their doors in Maine, but- in a town like Collinsport, maybe we ought to… (sighs) Good old Bill… Making sense of madness was his specialty. [High Flute- Wall to Wall Neutral background music fades in.] BARNABAS: Who was-? MAGGIE: Later, Barnabas. Now we have a bigger problem, and I need to know how you're feeling. BARNABAS: (frustration) Ohh… I can hardly fathom these circumstances. Again? I allowed myself to be compelled by lust once and all of my loved ones are being tortured for centuries? My faculties are coming unstrung with these diabolical schemes. What brings forth such hostility in a woman? MAGGIE: I'm a woman and I couldn't tell you. (sighs) Still, I do feel a bit sorry for her. BARNABAS: Oh? After what she did to you? MAGGIE: (confused) Huh? Why? What did she do to me? BARNABAS: Ah, I keep forgetting. Your father remembers some other-worldly knowledge and it seems you don't always have that… well, I'm not sure if I'd call it a luxury. MAGGIE: What happened? SAM: (fumbling) Oh… well she… sort of… MAGGIE: Y-e-s? I'm waiting. [music fades out] SAM: Bewitched you to marry Jeremiah. MAGGIE: (long pause to a wild fume) WHAT?! SAM: I'm sorry, I sort of thought you knew that. MAGGIE: (still fuming) She… she… (breathing and then letting loose) That's … FOUL! Arg! Grrrrrrr.. BARNABAS: Ahem! Oh dear. MAGGIE: (grossed-out, angry, majorly affronted, etc.) Why didn't either of you remind me before? SAM: (fumbling) Well… erm… you… didn't… ask? BARNABAS: I'm very sorry I- MAGGIE: SORRY? You shouldn't have to apologize for that! Of course! That's why that happened! SAM: Why do you say it that way? MAGGIE: Well, that whole business was completely puzzling for one thing! I had no interest in him! BARNABAS: I'm not fond to admit this aloud… but I am relieved to hear that. But… Was it really so… well… MAGGIE: BAD? YOU BET IT WAS! Haven't you ever had one of those dreams where you're in bed with someone you're not attracted to? Or worse? BOTH MEN: Yes. MAGGIE: And then the rest of your day is sour and nasty because the whole thing disturbs you? BOTH MEN: Yes. MAGGIE: All right ! Imagine that in real life! And believe me; it takes more than a day or two to get over it. BOTH MEN: (nasty sort of ewww noise one may have made in the 1960's) MAGGIE: Exactly . If you were ever wondering why I kissed you after you shot him, and me fresh in my Widows Weeds? Now you know! Arg! Phew… I don't feel sorry for her anymore. I wouldn't put anyone through that! BARNABAS: Not even her? MAGGIE: Okay… maybe once. (under breath) No wonder I strangled her 70 years ago… SAM: What was that? MAGGIE: Later, Pop. (sighing cough) I though t we were friends… SAM: I guess she didn't think so. And what with the way servants had it so hard… well. That might drive me mad all by itself. BARNABAS: Agreed. MAGGIE: Oh? BARNABAS: Of course. Maggie… Can you imagine me as a servant? MAGGIE: (a pause and then abrupt chuckle) Sorry… I was just putting you into a bell hop outfit… (chuckles more) It's pretty funny. BARNABAS: (ironically) Glad you're so amused. MAGGIE: Well! It beats thinking about that nasty spell… (shudders) SAM: I suppose it does . But, how to resolve this problem with Angelique? That's what I'm thinking. Are either of you coming up with anything? BARNABAS: Monsier Dupres, I have been in a quandary about that for far longer and I can't decide upon any workable answers. MAGGIE: (breathes) Perhaps I can. BARNABAS: How, my darling? MAGGIE: (pauses) Uncle Caleb? HECUBUS: And thusly the diabolical irritation has been lifted however slightly from this particular dilemma, we lead you to the packing of our two cousins, Lily and Elizabeth Stoddard. [clothes ruffling, suitcase clicking shut] LILY: Well! I've got the passports. Lily Drake it is ! Just like all those years ago. And… [slamming down luggage top with a click] all packed. That does it for us, doesn't it? ELIZABETH: (sighing) Yes. I am looking forward to the possibility. From what Kooky… erm, Uncle Caleb says, I'm surprised to find out it was Dover. Didn't Leslie mention Essex, Lily? LILY: Oh, you know those soldiers, they go everywhere. And not all folks are like us, Lizzie. Some creatures move a lot. They don't have the money to stay anywhere they choose. ELIZABETH: I can see that now… and I wonder… if he's as free as I am… do you think… he'll have me, Lily? LILY: Oh… Lizzie, with all that passion I remember between you two, if he's free to do so he's likely waiting for you. NOW! Let me lift this pungent veil… and you tell me how I look. [sweep of veil] ELIZABETH: Lily Drake… you look as magnificent as I remember! LILY: Oh? I was trying to look like so many other people. It does seem a little… non-conformist for me, doesn't it? ELIZABETH: (laughing) Oh, nevermind. It's good, my dear. You're as charming in any condition. But so youthful. How do you manage? LILY: Chemistry, Lizzie. It's always the wonders of chemistry. ELIZABETH: I could do with a dose of that. I'd like Leslie to remember me a bit how I once was. Although heaven knows what happened to him during the war. LILY: (carefree) Oh! Whatever works. I'm bringing my kit, Elizabeth Collins… Stoddard. And maybe some day… his name? ELIZABETH: Oh… don't get my hopes up. This is for Victoria after all. LILY: Yes… I know, dear. But it would be so nice if… ELIZABETH: Yes, it would , but I won't rely on that in this journey. We just need to find out. Did he take her to that orphanage like he said? Was it the same one? Hammond Foundling Home? LILY: Well, I guess we'll find out, won't we? ELIZABETH: Yes, I hope we'll find out. Well, what else have we… what is that? LILY: Oh, just a little compact. Not everyone in the old country can see themselves in the glass, don't you know? ELIZABETH: Can't they? LILY: Oh, Lizzie, you are so quaint, dearest. MILLIGAN: Ah, they are like sisters, aren't they? HECUBUS: I suppose so, Master. But we must recognize what task Maggie Evans has before her. MILLIGAN: Yes. I suppose Mr. Caleb Collins might be more warm and welcoming to a woman than how he received his Uncle Barnabas Collins. And so she steps in… all alone… and HAWT… to the Seaview Property to request the help of Kooky Caleb. MAGGIE: Caleb Collins? Where are you? CALEB: (Maine accent with Victorian lilt) Ah! My old favourite… Auntie Josette Dupres has arrived… MAGGIE: All right, I won't argue with that… if you only… show yourself. [clomping stomps with DS background music] CALEB: Yes, I'm good at that. As are you at repeating life after life for that old baggage yer ought to be calling a husband by now. MAGGIE: I've only just gotten used to the idea, Mr. Collins. As you know, I've been underrated and now … I'm hardly shy. CALEB: (laughing echoes) Yes, I gather we've both come a long way as far as shyness goes. In all my reclusiveness… never thought I'd come out this blustery, eh? MAGGIE: Well, I've had my own experience on that account. Perhaps we're on par with one another? CALEB: Aye! Ah… at last, now you've come to see me , and perhaps not for the first time… MAGGIE: Perhaps not. Although, I suppose any memories I might have of you are rather fragmented. CALEB: Oh, no, no, my dear Lady Hampshire, no memories as such, though perhaps a little metaphysical suggestion here or there. You didn't remember that silly old song on your own you know. MAGGIE: The music box? Really? In 1897? That was you? CALEB: No… it was you , Kitty Soames… it's always been you. But I wasn't going to let that whiff of a past life recollection flitter and fizzle. After all I had to watch and germinate in this stinking hell-hole, I would a' been damned to let that remembrance you had in you snuff out. So go ahead and blame me for all that pain, through the portrait, and back to things I couldn't see, but have sadly discovered…happened. I've really come to despise quantum mechanics. It's never seemed to solve anything for us, but just make it worse. MAGGIE: (soberly) I know. CALEB: Aye… I know that you know, Josette Dupres. I'm only thankful I'd managed to hang around long enough to see it put to rights. I love you Collins girls, I love all my girls here and I'm so tired of seeing them in pain, even that nasty servant of yourn. But let's not go into that yet. MAGGIE: Well… that's very kind of you… So, you made those memories stronger, back then? In 1897? CALEB: (tiredly) Aye, I did. I tried so hard. And after the mess I saw, I started giving up on everyone. I was so upset after believing it did work, only to see you and your father reborn for… another try. (pause) Then … I came to realize that your father was a necessary component to all of this. Why d'yer think yer always called him Pop? He IS your Papa, Josette Dupres. (sighs) Sooo, you see… I couldn't let it go when I saw Uncle Barnabas walk into that diner again… no siree… not this time. And I know I should have tried sooner, saved yer of all that business with the kidnapping. MAGGIE: It couldn't be helped, Caleb Collins. He simply couldn't remember everything… and (slyly) I could get my own back with him on that score… if you catch my meaning. In fact… he might enjoy it coming from me. CALEB: (unblushing laughter) Smart girl, s-m-a-r-t girl … oh, how I love 'em. It would be nice to know one of these dames he actually loves givin' him hell for once rather than the opposite. You do yer best on that level, girl. There is a fire in you that's gone far too long unrecognized. MAGGIE: I see, nice to be put together in your thoughts with Elizabeth Stoddard. CALEB: (brightening) AH COURSE! She has always been my little sweet petunia, and a treasure higher than others… but you… you… Maggie Evans… you know what you mean to him? MAGGIE: I've had my own thoughts, and what he means to me. CALEB: (humming laugh) Hmm-hmm… yes, yes… yer see, I knew yer still cared and more than anyone dared to question. However to question, I DON'T! … And … for the language of flowers, as so prevalent in those old days, yer are out of the list. You're the purple rose, Maggie Evans, just like that dress you wore almost a century ago. The purple rose of his longing… and the one person who will mend that sorry old withering heart of his that I'm soooo sick of hearing weep. Not to mention all you'll do for this petulant town, and have already done for it. MAGGIE: (vague surprise) Me? CALEB: (peeved) OH, DON'T GIVE ME THAT! Modesty didn't suit yer in the Gay 90's and it doesn't suit yer now! MAGGIE: (laughing) CALEB: Oh (laughing) I see… did it to get my goat, eh? Good lass… I could use a small shake up now and then. All right, have your bit of modesty, Margaret Dupres. It's better than bein' all high and mighty. MAGGIE: (light snort) Thank you, Caleb Collins… hmm… Margaret Dupres? I like that. CALEB: Than wear it, Margaret Dupres, wear it with pride. We don't need another Collins tacked on to anyone's name. We got PLENTY already. Be Maggie and be a Dupres, and marry Barnabas Collins if you finally find it in your heart to do so. But don't be a Collins, for heaven's sake. MAGGIE: Oh? Why ever not? CALEB: Like yer have t'ask? It's just BAD LUCK! MAGGIE: (muffled laughter) And you're KOOKS… every ONE of you. CALEB: AH-HAHAHAHAHA! Ye' got us pegged there, Margaret Dupres. Damn STRAIT! MAGGIE: (humming laugh) Caleb Collins, you are a gentleman. CALEB: Was , Margaret Dupres, was ! Those days of fops and dandies are over and thank goodness! MAGGIE: Very good. (sighs) Now, Tom Jennings. [DS music starts up again…] CALEB: Yes… Tom Jennings. He's here with me. Just going through the motions now, ghost and all that he is. Can't communicate so well yet with anyone but me and I told him not to bother yet. But that dame of a Mistress Bouchard has to be reckoned with… and that's why yez came to me, inn'it? MAGGIE: Of course. Well, I hope he'll become less fragmented. Hardly as I was, you know. CALEB: Hardly, yes! That was very clever on your part, Josette. Separating yourself from your new body to float around and help little David among others. N-o-t a'lotta souls can whip up that trick, yer know. It's a toughie. But yer desire was strong enough. That's likely the reason you had that ability. MAGGIE: Well, after the memories flooded back… I doubt I still have it. CALEB: Aye, yer never know, do yer? Anyway, as for your old hand-maiden… I fear I'll never understand her entirely. She had every means ta leave a work of service. Yer'd think by the time she got here and saw Uncle Barnabas so in love with you she could'a just packed up and ventured off with one of the more matriarchal native tribes that kept this place well enough… before we all brought our refuse to dump on it. With all her powers she might have turned the tides there. Ah, well, what could'a been, right? MAGGIE: Yes, I see your point. But as for the here and now? Can we stop her? CALEB: Only for a little while, mademoiselle, only a little while… but yer know that dame gets around? She hasn't just brought suffering on people here, ya know. MAGGIE: Oh? CALEB: Y-e-s. In fact I've come across a remarkable fellow recently who's been itching to take her on now that she's in the deserving zone of being a vampire. MAGGIE: And who would that be? [Familiar Danny Elfman soundtrack begins…] CALEB: (laughs) Ah, that's the trouble. Can't say his name often… or then HE gets around a bit too much. He's that kinda chap. Not my usual method of addressing such issues, but considering Angelique Bouchard, or whatever she wants to go by, he's the only one offering up his services right now. MAGGIE: How can we find him? CALEB: Oh, don't worry. He'll find you. Yer goin' on up to bed tonight, spend time with Aunt Sarah Collins, and you let Uncle Barnabas sit before the fire and contemplate the situation. Don't worry if he's there for a long time or starts talking to himself. He'll be coming to the answers soon enough. He often does. MILLIGAN: Ah, Kooky Caleb and his polite demonic connections might be a win in this situation. HECUBUS: But, Master, don't we want Angelique to win? MILLIGAN: Eventually we do, but I'm afraid that she'll have to get through some rough business… and if that's what it take to get her anywhere close to ME, I'll be happy to take the harm of viewing a bit of singe to her already blemished beauty. HECUBUS: Ahh… this can be troubling. But for our two compatriots of the academic variety, there is a scene involving something a little less academic, as Dr. \"Loveless\" Hoffman and Professor \"Lovelorn\" Stokes adjourn to her office at Wyndcliff as she finally takes up the fish food once more for her sadly neglected aquarium. STOKES: I suppose with all of what's going on, this stress is beyond considerable. HOFFMAN: It is. Having to explain that our troubles aren't over and to him… it's just so much to bear. STOKES: Agreed. It certainly is… but perhaps you shouldn't rest it all on your shoulders so much, Doctor Hoffman. HOFFMAN: (sighs) I'll have to now. It's all on me. I'm obviously alone to sort out the problems. STOKES: Hardly, Doctor Hoffman. You have an admirable staff… and … I dare venture, a personal admirer HOFFMAN: (lost) What do you mean, Professor Stokes? After pairing those other two? Can you even suggest another fellow would … interest me… nearly as much? STOKES: Well, you likely didn't listen to what that ribald doctor had to tell you. I can easily see his behaviour was more troubling to you than what information he was providing you with in his gags. HOFFMAN: Oh? What do you mean? He didn't really know what he was talking about… hashing out those jokes about you? That man is always making references like that! I never take it seriously. [romantic DS background music] STOKES: (Deep breath) Do you remember when it was necessary for me to face down a lovely Angelique Bouchard in my dream? HOFFMAN: Of course… You said it was difficult because she was both so very beautiful and with such powers and beauty it was a struggle not to get pulled in and trapped by her. STOKES: Well, can you imagine a woman with beauty of an inner radiance that's even harder to look away from? HOFFMAN: (sad scoff) Ah, of course… perhaps that strange Maggie & Josette mixture that Mr. Collins loves so well. STOKES: (impatiently) Doctor… I'm starting to sympathize with that man over your listening skills. HOFFMAN: What? STOKES: Julia Hoffman… must you so thoroughly be pining for a man who doesn't love you in that same way, while standing right in front of a man… who does ? HOFFMAN: Eliot? You ? STOKES: And you have to ask, do you, Julia? A little self-hypnosis might help you to recognize, that Maggie Evans isn't the only person around here with troubles from a past life… You certainly asked that of me on Widows Hill when we all saved that man. Haven't you ever asked it of yourself? HOFFMAN: Never… no… that… that kind of thing… any familiarity… it's just a dream, a silly old dream. STOKES: Oh? And what did that dream tell you about me? HOFFMAN: (pauses… then almost whispers ) We were, You and I … we were… STOKES: Man and wife… HOFFMAN: (softly) Yes… yes we were… [smooching sounds] [\"Because\" By The Dave Clark Five] It's right that I should care about you And try to make you happy when you're blue It's right, it's right to feel the way I do Because, because I love you It's wrong to say I don't think of you 'Cause when you say these things You know it makes me blue Give me one kiss and I'll be happy Just, just to be with you Give me, give me, a chance to be near you Because, because I love you Give me one kiss and I'll be happy Just, just to be with you Give me, give me, a chance to be near you Because, because I love you Because, because I love you HECUBUS: Mmm! That is something else! A doctor and a professor? MILLIGAN: Well, I thought it would have been obvious enough. Now it's more likely that dame will move on to better ventures and stop getting up the nose of my old bridge partner. HECUBUS: Master? Dr. Hoffman isn't going away, is she? MILLIGAN: What? No, my sinister flirtation. It'll just be further recognized that Barnabas Collins and Julia Hoffman are friends , which will likely reel the minds of Dark Shadows fans across the globe who've been white-washed into the idea there was more going on when he clearly wasn't interested. But what's nice is we'll see something just as lovely and usually ongoing between them anyway. HECUBUS: What could that be, Master? MILLIGAN: Teamwork. HECUBUS: AH! A team. Like you and me, Master? MILLIGAN: (falters) I'd wager … that we are… at times. As for my old bridge partner, he has been left alone before the fire… awaiting the coming of that which his beloved has told him to expect. Alighting on this blackguard from the Netherworld, even Barnabas Collins is in for a few surprises. [fire place crackling] BARNABAS: (in head) What can be done? All this misery returning to this home as our hearts were beginning to heal. What answer can I come up with? What good does it do me to sit before the fire and be eaten by the anxiety of it all. GRIZZLED VOICE: You think you got problems… [Danny Elfman soundtrack from 1988 film] BARNABAS: (stunned) What was that? GRIZZLED VOICE: Down here. Flames all about me and I ain't been singe'd yet. BARNABAS: Who… what… are you? GRIZZLED VOICE: I'm the ghost with the most, Mr. Big Cake. BARNABAS: (trepidation) So? The living dead, too? GRIZZLED VOICE: Yeah… Not that half-way mark in between like you, or whatever you are now. Can't explain that one, can ya? BARNABAS: No… I am afraid I cannot. GRIZZLED VOICE: So ya don't hafta werry about what I am, eh? Your workin' with a professional here. All y'gotta know is what I can do for ya. BARNABAS: What can you do for me? GRIZZLED VOICE: I can stop that vampire chik from buggin' ya. I can take her down. Been wantin' to, actually. Real pain to me at one time. BARNABAS: Angelique? GRIZZLED VOICE: You ain't the first man cursed by that bewitchin' blonde, swifty. And a silly mistake with the wrong broad... Tsk-tsk… Well, get over it. She'd be feelin' twenty times worse if she cared for anyone more than herself... HMM! I guess THAT'S why I liked her! She reminds me of me! BARNABAS: I see. In which case, why would I be persuaded to trust you? GRIZZLED VOICE: A shared enemy; HER. BARNABAS: And how do I go about employing you? GRIZZLED VOICE: Ah! Well that is tricky part. You have to say my name three times, but I can't say it myself, and the timing ought to be right, ya dig? BARNABAS: How do you propose I discover this name? GRIZZLED VOICE: I put a book on yer desk ova'there. Go on, check it out. [steps] BARNABAS: (almost teasing) Astronomy? Would that make you a star? GRIZZLED VOICE: (impatient) Cut the questions, fang-boy! Flip to the Orion Constellation. It's dog-eared already. See the mid-section? Upper left area of that. BARNABAS: I see it. GRIZZLED VOICE: Now on come over… come on over - show it t'me. I'll let you know if you got it right. [steps] GRIZZLED VOICE: That's it, ya got it. Now, you know how to pronounce that without doing so? BARNABAS: Yes. GRIZZLED VOICE: Good. All y'gotta do is cake-walk your way out to that rendezvous with her. Take on whatever smug attitude you want, say my name and I'll be there. Keep a good distance, too. No need to give her any way of stopping you. BARNABAS: And what are you going to do to her? GRIZZLED VOICE: (grim giggles) Everything. HECUBUS: Master… Did you hear that? MILLIGAN: I certainly did! And I wish I could say it… though perhaps not in the way this specter is referring too. Again, he is a polite demon , at least at times. But I understand. We have needs… and perhaps his needs were met with my mistress of the deepest dark… whereas I… HECUBUS: Master? The final scene, please? MILLIGAN: (snaps to) Ah, yes! There was that 24-hour ultimatum. V'Angelique is much more secure in her powers now that she's had a good dose of Jennings blood… pretty much ALL of it in point of fact. My old bridge partner and his young lady have settled into Collinwood with steady nerves. Miss Evans prepares to take on her role as governess with Master David while Mrs. Stoddard and Cousin Lily are making way to check in their luggage for the voyage in another region. Barnabas Collins checks the time and steps to the foyer of the main house with poise. [door opens and shuts, footsteps, DS spooky music] ANGELIQUE: Hello. I see you made sure not to doubt my warning. BARNABAS: No. Of course not. I've decided there is obviously no avoiding this… I hope you won't mind that I begin our… nuptial plans with three words. ANGELIQUE: (sultry) Yes… those three words I know are in you. Those three words I need to hear from you. BARNABAS: Ah, I believe I have them, three words you very much need to hear. ANGELIQUE: I'm waiting. BARNABAS: Betelgeuse… [Danny Elfman Beetlejuice music bleeds in] ANGELIQUE: (concerned) What? Oh… BARNABAS: Betelgeuse… ANGELIQUE: (panicking) No… no… no… no no no… BARNABAS: Betelgeuse… [Crash of thunder] MILLIGAN: \"Ohhhh, yes! My little pockmarks of pestilence… We are GOING THERE!\" HECUBUS: HEE HEEE HEEE HEE HEEEEEE! All Due Respect To: The Kids In The Hall M*A*S*H* (1970's/1980's TV Show) Clue (1980's film) The Munsters (1960's, TV Show) The Dave Clark Five Beetlejuice (1980's Film) And, of course Dark Shadows (1960's TV Show) \"The Pit of Ultimate Dark Shadows\" is a Daryl Wor production. A/N: Beetlejuice should be back for one more episode. Let me know what you liked! Thanks.[Chapter 2] A/N: Hi, Beetlejuice fans. Here's the last of BJ for my series. I hope you enjoy it and let me know what you liked! (Audio version is up on other websites!) The Pit of Ultimate Dark Shadows, Episode 17: A Bio-Exorcist Comes to Collinwood [Dark Shadows intro music] MILLIGAN: Greetings. And Welcome to The Pit of Ultimate Dark Shadows . I am your host Sir Simon Milligan… and… with my Manservant Hecubus . [Wild applause] HECUBUS: Thank you and please- MILLIGAN: HUSH! HECUBUS: Who me? MILLIGAN: No! Just the showy rapture you always get from the audience. We need that hushed. We're in a hurry! HECUBUS: Ohhh, yes, because we left off with the cliff-hanger in the foyer at The Great House of Collinwood in which Barnabas Collins terrified our lady V'Angelique, short for Vampire Angelique, saying a certain bio-exorcist's name three times. And she has been sucked into the drawing room by her enemy, who may at one time have been her lover. MILLIGAN: ARG! Has everyone gotten to her ahead of me?! Ohhh… Succubus of Satan. Harlot of The Devil! My sweet, e-v-i-l, V'Angelique! Hmm… sounds a bit Vulcan, that name. HECUBUS: As in the God of War, Master? MILLIGAN: No! It sounds Vulcan as in… oh, let's not drag that fandom into this thing! Alright . Sullivan or Weinberger, Bailey - Lupatkin - move it, we need the opening credits right quick! [Dark Shadows opening theme, crashing waves, blah, blah, blah] [swooping noise, \"Beetlejuice\" music parades in…] BJ: Miss me, babe? V'ANGELIQUE: W-h-a-t can you be doing here? BJ: Just passin' through. V'ANGELIQUE: What possible need could you have to exaggerate your prowess towards me? BJ: (Enthused giggles) Getting' a little PAYBACK for the BULLCRAP you shoveled my way! V'ANGELIQUE: IS that SO? [Doors closing] MAGGIE: What is all the noise? BARNABAS: Just a matter getting straightened out in the drawing room. [Crashes] MAGGIE: Barnabas, what is going on in there? BARNABAS: Well, my dear… I took the steps you suggested and I've summoned… a bio-exorcist to get rid of her. MAGGIE: You… didn't! BARNABAS: What is wrong? MAGGIE: Don't you know how dangerous summoning a bio-exorcist is? With any other-world experience; I know that. BARNABAS: I haven't any of that which you describe. I've been locked away for over one hundred and seventy years. BJ: ALL RIGHT! Ready for a spin? V'ANGELIQUE: What? Want to dance? BJ: Just a bit. [Coiling sounds and flush of spinning sound, whaps against a wall] V'ANGELIQUE: Oh, now… you're asking for it. BJ: Yeh, I sure as Hell am. C'mon, bibby. Hit me like the kickin' biotch I know you are. V'ANGELIQUE: Gladly! [Crashing, punches, running down the stairs] DAVID: Oh, no! Is that green thing in the kitchen again?! MAGGIE: What?! No, it's just... something in the drawing room that… well… DAVID: No! (running up the stairs) MAGGIE: David! Come back! Where are you going? DAVID: I'm going upstairs for my stamp collection! [Chaotic noises and music proceed. Stomping footsteps across foyer] BARNABAS: Roger, are you- ROGER: I know what's going on, I heard the ruckus. MAGGIE: Where are you going? ROGER: Huh! Well! The drawing room decanters are hardly at my disposal. I can't relieve my current anxiety with a drink— MAGGIE: So what are you-? ROGER: (steps continuing) I'm going to the study to save our insurance papers from Lloyds of London , you daft fools! [Beetlejuice theme music and explosions/crescendo of noise carries on…] BARNABAS: Good grief! Can his relationship with her have been worse than mine ? BJ: Caught me at the wrist, eh? What good would that do yeh? I'm dead. (wild laughter) Go ahead, try another bite at me. I know you want to… V'ANGELIQUE: You don't scare me! BJ: Don't I? Can't even say my name, can yeh? Too scared, or cursed, whichever. All I know is it makes me happy. [Slap sound] BJ: Y' swore to me we'd get hitched to pull me outta this later. It's not my rules. I don't have any rules. V'ANGELIQUE: Neither do I. [crank winding noise] V'ANGELIQUE: Don't you even… [kissing noise, disgusted response] BJ: Have I overstepped my bounds? Just tell me. Actually… don't ! HA HAHAHAHAHAH! V'ANGELIQUE: How do you have any jurisdiction over me? BJ: They wanted someone outta their house and I WANTED TO GET someone outta their house! [scuffling sounds] V'ANGELIQUE: You forgot the old motto. BJ: Yeh? What was that? V'ANGELIQUE: Never trust the living! BJ: Oh, but I wasn't. I was listening to those you cursed . I gotta little … in common with the people here, you know. V'ANGELIQUE: I command you to desist. BJ: Oh, yeh? You command? You make me sick. [projectile vomit, missing] V'ANGELIQUE: You've lost your aim, old boy! [Projectile vomit, again and sounds of hitting target] V'ANGELIQUE: (disgusted noises) BJ: Come on, you big, stupid WORM – You wanna get nuts? Let's get NUTS! Aw look… beetles (chewing) V'ANGELIQUE: When I first saw you… I HATED you! BJ: Which is why you were HOT for me, weren't ya? WEREN'T YA? Wanna piece a'me? Come ON, baby! GO FOR IT! V'ANGELIQUE: (fiery breath) BJ: *snort* Easily eliminated. [many sound effects, stretches and whaps, corkscrew finished, her writhing, him giggling, hammer sounds, staking, steam noise] BJ: One thing I never could stomach about Collinsport… all the damn vampires… [door opening, \"Aftermath\" from Beetlejuice soundtrack by Danny Elfman ensues] BARNABAS: Hello, erm, Mister… Guese. BJ: Hmm! Not quite my name, but dat werks. BARNABAS: How did you manage? BJ: Heh! Well, she despises me enough that I could easily distract her from you. So! That the only person you wanted me to kill? Just that dame, right? BARNABAS: A woman who refuses to remain dead? Yes. Now what do I owe for your services? BJ: Huh? With her? Yeah. This one's on the house. ROGER: It certainly has been! BARNABAS: You must require a reward of some kind. BJ: To have revenge? YE-E-AH, that's plenty'a'payback for me. Well, *I* feel better now—girl did me proud. Pretty much a turn-on to fight with her again. Anyway—that variety of her is outta the way so- BARNABAS: That variety? BJ: Yep! Can't do much about her as a repeating Witch, but vampire? I had her nailed… IN… HAW HAW HAW HAW! ROGER: (put out) And what about our house, whoever you are… the drawing room? BJ: Eh?! That's all illusion—go on in, take a gander. [footsteps] MAGGIE: How do you know Angelique? BJ: Ooo-She's been around a few blocks, but… I've been around more. BARNABAS: And what about her? I thought you said you could annihilate her. BJ: It's kinda a bio-exorcist-bio-chemistry thing—gotta suspend the bat transformation, put in a few good WHACKS, then a stake, a hammer and yer done. WELP! I've had it with Maine—Think I'll check out Connecticut… Winter River… that sounds nice and frosty. She'll never look for me there. BARNABAS: But, as you say, she could come back as a Witch. BJ: Yep! When doesn't that rascal? Why do you think I'm hittin' the road? Like I say… no charge… [wolves howling] BJ: Oh! That's my cue to split. Best'a luck, folks. I don't - (belches) - I don't do two shows a night. Say, would one of you two do the honours? MAGGIE: (who's had enough) Certainly. Beetlejuice, Beetlejuice, BARNABAS: That makes him go away , too? MAGGIE: Beetlejuice. BJ: Ciao! [slippery shooming noise with a pop at the end] BARNABAS: How did you know his name? MAGGIE: Call me psychic, at least in this instance. [footsteps settle in] MRS JOHNSON: (deep sigh) Mr. Collins? ROGER & BARNABAS: Yes? MRS JOHNSON: Are you all done out here? With the noise, I mean. ROGER: Mrs. Johnson. We wouldn't cause such a raucous. MRS JOHNSON: I realize that. I already know this house is cursed . It's simply that I've got an angel food cake to make and I want to be sure it's not going to fall from anymore racket, is all. ROGER: (sarcastically) Oh, well… we all know how important that is . Certainly , the walls of Collinwood may split asunder as long as the cake rises. BARNABAS: Yes, Mrs. Johnson I believe the noise level will be to all of our satisfaction. MRS JOHNSON: Good. (slam) MAGGIE: With that slam I suppose the cake has yet to reach the oven. ROGER: I do love how we can shift our concerns from the destruction of our home to the culinary needs of baking. (Door squeaks open) Just checking to make sure that drawing room is back in proper order. I'll be off putting the insurance papers right where they were. [steps out] MAGGIE: I'm not going to reprimand you. BARNABAS: Oh? I-, was hoping that you might. MAGGIE: Why? BARNABAS: May I release a little tension? MAGGIE: Of course. BARNABAS: It inspires my passion when you reprimand me… Josette. MAGGIE: (fun-loving) You are terrible. BARNABAS: Someday I promise to be wonderful for you. MAGGIE: You already are… [smooching sounds, door opens] LILY: You see there, Lizzie! Nothing horrible has happened. Love in all its grandeur meets us by the door! ELIZABETH: (vaguely affronted) I can see that! BARNABAS: I do apologize, Cousin Elizabeth. ELIZABETH: For what? Showing affection in our house of doom? It's about time someone bothered to display their love-shenanigans around here apart from my own daughter. MAGGIE: You haven't sensed anything awry, have you, Mrs. Stoddard? ELIZABETH: Well, we noticed a flash of lightening coming from inside the house rather than outside of it, if that's what you mean. Cousin Lily informed me you'd both been to see a certain Caleb Collins who warned us some pesky flotsam was going to occur soon. MAGGIE: Pesky and flotsam are hardly the words I would use, but that sounds like our Caleb. LILY: (Smilingly) So you have met him, Miss Evans. Isn't he gallant ghost? Underneath his cranky veneer, I mean? BARNABAS: (amused) I suppose we could call him just that. He arranged for me engage with a bio-exorcist to diminish that lady you mentioned, Cousin Lily. I can't say I'm disappointed at the results… but the interim was most disturbing. LILY: Uncle Caleb arranged? (somewhat disapproving) Cousin Barnabas? Did you hire a bio-exorcist? That can be very, very dangerous, you know. Why it might have brought down the whole estate. Ghosts and such are one thing, but those kinds in such a business are a little loopy, so I've heard. BARNABAS: I was merely doing what I was told, I'm afraid. LILY: Ah, and I'm sure, now that it's all worked out, Uncle Caleb is having a grand laugh over the whole thing. BARNABAS: No doubt. DAVID: (walking down the stairs) Aunt Elizabeth, did you hear what happened? It was so loud and scary and I wish you would stay! ROGER: (walking in) Ah, there we are. David is showing his enamoured affection for your departure, Liz. Well done, I say. ELIZABETH: I can see the troubles going on here have pretty much brought the entire household right where we needed them to say our farewells. DAVID: Aunt Elizabeth, don't leave now! Something else might happen! You can't leave us now. ELIZABETH: David, we've already had our luggage carried out and our plans are set. I'm sure you can trust Miss Evans, Cousin Barnabas and your father to keep things well in hand. DAVID: It's not just that. Before all of this I noticed more howling in the woods, even some growling. LILY: Oh yes, we noticed that too. DAVID: You did? LILY: Yes! It was very pleasant, indeed. It'll be a shame to miss hearing more of it. Collinwood is feeling so much like home now. ELIZABETH: Lily, I wasn't going to bring up what we heard out there. LILY: Oh, Lizzie. Nothing to be afraid of! I was almost sure it was my brother Lester tracking me down. I even called out his name. If it was him I'm not surprised he didn't respond. He can get very fractious on a moonlit night. BARNABAS: (under breath) Are you sure you want to be part of this family, my love? MAGGIE: (also under breath) Now more than ever. ELIZABETH: Lester? Lily, didn't you say he was more of the family vagrant? LILY: Gutter-pup would be the more accurate description, I believe. ELIZABETH: Why would you want to hear from him? LILY: Curiosity. It killed the cat, you know. ELIZABETH: And that's a good thing? ROGER: (impatiently) Must we go on and on about Cousin Lester? Really, we've had a scare and that's a fact but it's over and we ought to be pleased our Elizabeth is not only getting out of the house but going on a journey. It's been high time. ELIZABETH: (snide) And you'll have the decanters all to yourself, Roger. Won't that be marvelous? ROGER: (exhilaratingly) Yes, it will be! MAGGIE: Don't worry, Mrs. Stoddard. I'll take a draft or two and see he isn't the only one imbibing. ELIZABETH: Good! Now, does anyone know where our blessed tickets are? ROGER: Oh? Huh! (ruffling) Here you are, Liz, courtesy of Richard Garner. ELIZABETH: Thank you, Roger… and about bloody time. LILY: (shocked) Lizzie! Don't say the word \"blood\" in my company unless you're planning a buffet! ELIZABETH: From the looks of it, Lily, there will be many and plenty a buffet dinner on the cruise we're taking. LILY: Good. And dancing. There had better be dancing, not like on my last voyage overseas. Or my name isn't Lily Drake! ELIZABETH: I'm not going to touch that one. ROGER: Now have you got everything, Liz? Or were you simply coming back to poke your nose into the fuss? ELIZABETH: (heavy sighing) Fond farewells, Roger. Is that too much to ask? CAROLYN: No, Mother. [High Flute - Wall To Wall DS music applies] ELIZABETH: (lovingly) Carolyn! (clothing ruffles) Now you'll have me ruining my make-up! BARNABAS: That's likely to happen regardless. Everyone, come and wish our Elizabeth and Lily farewell. [Multiple footsteps and ruffling] LILY: Goodness! You won't wonder if anyone is going to miss you at this point, Lizzie! CAROLYN: I will miss you dreadfully, Mother. Keep bundled up on that voyage. And don't forget to call us! ELIZABETH: I certainly will. BARNABAS: And write to us. ELIZABETH: Yes. DAVID: And don't forget us! ELIZABETH: We won't, David, we surely won't. ROGER: Elizabeth? ELIZABETH: Roger? ROGER: (Misty) Come back in one piece, won't you? ELIZABETH: (smilingly) Roger… of course I will. LILY: Lizzie. The car is waiting. Come on. ELIZABETH: All right. Parting shouldn't be so horrible… but… BARNABAS: You shall be missed, Cousin Elizabeth. ELIZABETH: Barnabas… (light hum) What would we ever do without you? MAGGIE: We would all have died on the vine, Mrs. Stoddard. MRS JOHNSON: Let the women LEAVE, for Heaven's Sake. The ship isn't going to wait for them! ELIZABETH: Good-bye… and my love… to you all. [Door closing] DAVID: (pause) I think I'll poke around the kitchen and find something to eat. All this activity in one night made me hungrier than I've ever been. MAGGIE: Mind the noise, David. You know how Mrs. Johnson is about her cake. DAVID: All right. [door closing] CAROLYN: I have a sister… [footsteps] MAGGIE: What are you saying, Carolyn? What's the matter? CAROLYN: I overheard them talking. This trip isn't a joy-ride or an excuse to visit England. I have a sister… And she didn't tell me… ROGER: Why are you saying that, Kitten? CAROLYN: (sorrow and confusion) She wouldn't go to all this trouble if I didn't have one! She wouldn't go overseas looking to find out about her. Whether or not it is Victoria Winters… I have a sister and my mother knows that. And she didn't tell me. WHY? Why didn't she tell me? ROGER: Oh, Carolyn. You know how filled with secrets this house has been and likely still is. MAGGIE: Carolyn, wouldn't it matter if it was Victoria? Wouldn't that matter? CAROLYN: (quavering) Yes… when she came here it was like we were already sisters… so much of the time… having breakfast… the little things… and the bigger things, like when Willie was harassing us in the kitchen… or when we were joking about… fights at The Blue Whale… bad places to take a date… it's like we already were sisters… like we already knew … and that scares me… we went through so much together here. BARNABAS: And you will again, Carolyn. You will again. I'm sure Victoria will come back. CAROLYN: Barnabas? Do you believe Victoria is my sister? BARNABAS: I… have strong suspicions that this is so. MAGGIE: And mine are even stronger, Carolyn. Does that help? CAROLYN: Yes. Yes it does. Thank you, thank you. ROGER: Come along, let's get you up and having a… a… CAROLYN: A brandy, Uncle Roger? ROGER: Whatever you want, Kitten. CAROLYN: That and your company, of course. MILLIGAN: For in so much that our beloved residents of Collinwood have experienced further levels of the world crashing in on them, as is their wont, we allow them a night's sleep and proceed into the next day at The Evans Cottage. [Door opens and shuts, sound of percolator feeds in] SAM: Maggie! You're home. I thought you were going to spend a few nights getting settled in that spooky old joint no one could pay you to work in. MAGGIE: Yes, for a hundred dollars a day, no. (sigh) Coffee perked yet? SAM: Almost… Eh, looks like Collinwood is as surprising as ever from how you appear. Is Wadsworth's lingerie lying around at The Great House, too? MAGGIE: (laughing) Oh, Pop. You never fail to put a light-heart on all of this turbulence. SAM: Well, we were once related to the French nobility, Josette. Now here we are on the wrong side of the tracks and left to the more peasant foundations, along with (letting out a sigh) … bizarre… supernatural exports. I have to allow for some bowing to the absurd, and I'm sure you do more so. MAGGIE: But that doesn't stop the jolting affect it has when it comes. SAM: Of course not. Want to sit down and tell me about it? MAGGIE: Yes, more than ever, Pappa… Pop. SAM: That's okay, Maggie. I like the switch. Juggle the nicknames and get used to that. MAGGIE: All right. I already told you about Caleb when I got here before. SAM: Yes. Some Victorian era gentleman… sounds like a doozy and a half. What a crank. MAGGIE: Mmm-hmm! So I went to stow some extra things in Victoria's old room. SAM: Mmm, the one that used to be yours anyway. MAGGIE: (contemplative) Yes, just to see it again. That was jarring enough. Thankfully she'd taken almost everything she kept there. SAM: No music box? MAGGIE: No- and Barnabas has promised me I won't see it until I want to. SAM: Good. We've had enough of that tinkling. You don't even remember him giving it to you… well, not the first time he gave it to you. MAGGIE: (soft) Pappa, I do. Vaguely. I remember it vaguely. It was so tender, him giving me that wedding gift among so many others… so long ago, but I need to keep pace with everything in the present especially. The music box comes later. It's too wrapped up in the kidnapping for me right now. The first time he gave it to me is coming back… slowly, and… SAM: And that's natural considering all of this. [percolator finishes] MAGGIE: Coffee's done, Pop. SAM: Hmm? Oh yes, it is. I'll get it… (strained sounds of getting up, walking back and forth and setting down cups) Now, you've had some mischief. I can see that. We'll wait for this to cool and you tell me about it. MAGGIE: Pop? Did Captain Gregg remind you of some of the… entities that lurk in the shadows? SAM: Not much , I daresay. I'm still trying to digest most of my own personal experiences when it comes to all this… reincarnation jargon. As for otherworldly regard? It's very much like Sarah Collins' ghost and her own ambiguity. You can't always put your darn finger on what you know and what you don't know. MAGGIE: That's true. Poor Barnabas. Always so uncertain about me. No matter what I do to reassure him that it is me, he has so much fear that it isn't true. Like it's a spell that will break at any moment. [cups shifting] SAM: (resignedly) Maggie, he was always like that. If there is any nervousness in him that you aren't who you obviously are, rest assured that is your proof . He is the same man you fell in love with over a hundred years ago. I told him that, too. I was positive you loved him. I had no doubts in my mind about it. We were about to embark on a share to our sugar cane profits for your marriage, and I was willing to with my knowledge of your love for Barnabas Collins on that account. I knew you loved him and I still know it. Insecurities and all. MAGGIE: (fair laughter) All right. If he is always going to be nervous about me, at least I can take comfort in the knowledge he is Barnabas Collins and no other. At least that part of him hasn't changed. [cups and saucers shifting] SAM: So. After all of this, what dark entity was Captain Gregg supposed to remember to warn me about? MAGGIE: (sounds of hands over face) Mmm… (then without) I shouldn't have been so terrible. *I* was the one who mentioned Caleb Collins' ghost helping us, then he does and I was so upset at the result. SAM: What happened? MAGGIE: All right (hand slapping to lap) I told Barnabas about Caleb's advice, Barnabas sat up late, then the next thing I know? Everything is fine . He lets me know the situation is under control. Trust him to handle it. I do. I'm over there preparing to take on the governess role for David and? Calamity strikes at Collinwood. SAM: (Trying to joke) Nice respectable house with nice respectable horrors? MAGGIE: Pop, these horrors were not respectable. SAM: Oh? We are talking about the same Collinwood, aren't we? MAGGIE: (singing upward as if to shrug) I want to say yes. SAM: Then say it. If we weren't shocked by what goes on up at that hill? It wouldn't be Collinwood. MAGGIE: All the noise, just banging, growling, clattering of wood, metallic thrashing and… SAM: What? No screaming? MAGGIE: Yes, screaming or laughing or something in between. I ran down the stairs and it was mainly going on in the drawing room. Some bargain was made and there was some ghastly creature that had encountered Angelique before and wanted revenge. SAM: Oh?! Old demons coming round to haunt her too? It wasn't Jeremiah was it? MAGGIE: No-o-o. The correct title was a bio-exorcist. SAM: A bio -exorcist? I've heard of exorcists but that sounds backwards. MAGGIE: Exactly. Ghosts who exorcise mortals from homes they're haunting, except Angelique is no mortal. But as a vampire she was corporeal enough that he could tear her apart and destroy her… at least this embodiment of her. SAM: W-h-a-t happened? MAGGIE: She was more physical than witch, a ghost with that understanding, he taunted her, they fought. She was at her wits end. SAM: And then? MAGGIE: It was hard to make out at first but there was a great deal of swaggering and showing off between them. A battle of powers, past grievances and wit. Then? As far as I can make out… He sent her to Hell in a hand basket. SAM: Oh, my stars! ha ha ha ha ha ha! MAGGIE: You're getting the abbreviated version, Pop, not the one I had to live through. SAM: (trying to calm down chuckles) All right, all right. Let me pour the coffee. [various liquid noises] SAM: You simmer yourself in a steely brew and we'll sit down and contemplate this. MAGGIE: Well, what are we going to do now? She always comes back, Pop. You know that. SAM: Mmm-hmm! (shuffling, metallic noises) MAGGIE: Pop? What is that? SAM: Oh just a little compass. The Captain gave it to me as a method for requesting his help if need be. We'll have to think about what to explain to him precisely… but… MAGGIE: Well, perhaps not just now. But you've piqued my interest. I'd like to meet this mysterious sea captain. After all, any friend of Sarah Collins is a friend of mine. SAM: Of that I have no doubt. MILLIGAN: And so goes the odd discussion our reincarnated du Pres' are whipping up. In all of this madness perhaps we need a little time out with our cherished companions, Wadworth and Willie Loomis. However rugged and cramped our Willie's quarters happen to be. Our butler has presented him with a new calligraphy set, courtesy of Professor Stokes mentoring attentions. [sounds of scribbling] WILLIE: Wadsworth? WADSWORTH: Yes, Mr. Loomis. WILLIE: I think I need a little help. WADSWORTH: I believe you're using that that pen most adequately, Mr. Loomis. WILLIE: I'm not talking about that, Wadsworth. WADSWORTH: Then you ought to make yourself known in what you do want to say. WILLIE: Well, I know what you've explained to me with that Angelique creature and Barnabas. I get that. In fact, I'm pretty glad to find out the man had some leanings toward women like I've had. Makes the ol' guy more human to me, you know? WADSWORTH: Mmm… I should hope so. What have I not apprised you of? WILLIE: (sigh) I still can't get over it. How… after all we went through… how is it that Maggie is Josette? I'm startin' to understand the previous life idea. Little Sarah gets me through that part of it. But how is it that Maggie Evans went through all that we went through with Barnabas kidnapping her and she never remembered she was Josette? WADSWORTH: Ah, you've known the young lady in your own way. Did you notice at times she became glassy-eyed and uncertain, Mr. Loomis? WILLIE: A'course. Maggie Evans gets a look of being so… hypnotized. There were times when we had her here and… you knew that, right, Wadsworth? WADSWORTH: I've been very aware of what happened here between you three. The evidence made it obvious to me. WILLIE: All right, old friend. Always knew I couldn't keep anything from the likes a'you. But there were times Maggie would play along with the Josette idea like Barnabas wanted her to… and then there were times she seemed lost in it… trying to find herself. WADSWORTH: Precisely. That's what makes these experiences so difficult. One knows there are memories which are locked away. The lost-look comes from those searching to find them; seeking out the answers, as it were. WILLIE: And so with what you told me, Doctor Hoffman finally used that pesky medallion for discovery instead of… hidin' things. WADSWORTH: Yes. Doctor Hoffman has come a long way, particularly hard with someone such as… myself in her way. WILLIE: (chuckling) No one can beat you, you old sauce. Not even me. WADSWORTH: I shall try to take that as a compliment, Mr. Loomis. WILLIE: (chuckling) Well… I'm not convinced about Maggie yet, not quite. WADSWORTH: That's perfectly understandable. Even Mr. Collins isn't convinced of her yet. He harnesses so much self-doubt and disbelief in gaining extraordinary wealth outside of materialism. He always has. WILLIE: No kiddin'. And… that… Angelique broad… WADSWORTH: A force to be reckoned with. And we will have to again someday. WILLIE: Knowing about her… always reminds me to be better. WADSWORTH: How so? WILLIE: I've never been as horrible as that woman from what you've told me. I think about her and I think about what I would be if I had magical powers like that and how I could manipulate lives with them. It makes me shudder and it makes me understand how far I've come. WADSWORTH: Good. And I hope I've had a hand in that change. WILLIE: Heh… You always have, Wadsworth. I didn't tell you this before. I… I was too bewildered at seein' you again. But I'm glad you're back. I'm glad you're here. You were there for me as a kid and in a way that made the world make sense to me. Something better, something for the better, something to strive for… that I… lost as I grew up. WADSWORTH: Very good. That is what I'm here for. And I'm happy to know you see it that way… Mister Loomis. [door creak] SARAH: Hello. WADSWORTH: Hello, Miss Sarah, come to see my old employee. SARAH: Yes. WADSWORTH: Then I shall leave you to it, Miss Sarah. [door shuts] SARAH: I think I like him more than I liked Riggs… sometimes. WILLIE: What ye here for, little girl? SARAH: I wanted to see how your letters were coming along, Willie. WILLIE: (with a smile in his voice) That's right. You know more about this penmanship business than anyone might give you credit for. Come on. [sounds of lap-sitting] SARAH: (surprised) What do you have, Willie? WILLIE: Wadsworth just brought this to me, ye see? Ye see what this pen is made of? SARAH: (breathing) It's glass… a glass pen. WILLIE: That's right, angel. I was surprised too. SARAH: I've never seen one like this before. It's so pretty… WILLIE: Just like you. SARAH: (admonishing) Willie. WILLIE: I can't help it, Sarah. I calls 'em like I sees 'em. SARAH: All right. Have you been practicing? WILLIE: Yeh. Want to tell me that poem to practice with? SARAH: Mmm-hmm… \"That evil is wicked is well understood, the wicked are punished so you must be good.\" WILLIE: All right… [scribbling] WILLIE: How's that? SARAH: That's right, but it wouldn't hurt to write it again, Willie. WILLIE: As you wish. HECUBUS: Hmm… That was too sweet for me, Master! MILLIGAN: (Misty) Oh shut up! Sentimentality isn't a crime, my deficient demon. In fact, it's how all of us get so far in our besotted upbringing. But if we need a different kind that involves… well, shall I say it? Carnal romance: Let us move our attentions to a car ride between our gumshoe prominent lawyer and that Lady Ace, Carolyn Stoddard. [motor humming, Santo & Johnny \"Birmingham\"] TONY: I hope I did well to get your mind off of things. CAROLYN: You always do, Tony. After all that ruckus at home and my mother leaving for her trip, I was thinking another tragedy would shock me out of enjoying our time together. But now… I'm wondering if the tale about Tom Jennings is even true. TONY: Not having the full scoop on it makes it difficult to know what to feel. But I'm determined to keep hope alive… until we have full knowledge of the situation. CAROLYN: Yes, and I'm already missing my mother even though I'm sure her ship is hardly out of port by now. TONY: A lot happening all at once. Standard Collinsport isn't it? CAROLYN: And I keep thinking of that sunrise this morning. As orange as flames but purple too… it looked as if night time was slowly descending. TONY: Very lovely… just like another view I enjoy seeing in front of me. CAROLYN: The compliments never stop do they? TONY: Why should they? CAROLYN: Ah, my Uncle Roger was talking about so many smiling faces reminding him of advertisements. TONY: Those smiles are certainly surreal on advertisements, almost creepy… but yours makes me believe the world isn't such a rapscallion place after all. CAROLYN: As yours are to me, Tony. TONY: There are these times I feel so penned in at the office, going over law books, double checking language… I's dotted, T's crossed, but you know what gets me through it? CAROLYN: Ah, don't tell me. TONY: I'm going to, Carolyn Stoddard… it's you. All the thoughts of your silvery-blonde charms. All the stories about you being someone's princess or kitten. All the time you spent growing up just so that you could be sitting beside me right now. CAROLYN: Oh, Tony. Don't be too romantic. You need to… keep your eyes on… THE ROAD! [swerve, random honks, stalling of car] TONY: That was a close call. CAROLYN: Of all the not-so-secret societies in the world, why is it that visiting Shriners feel such a particular need to parade themselves in squat little autos and red fez caps? TONY: A way to stand out and show that they belong to a group. Fraternity is the basic answer. CAROLYN: Do fraternities always hog little town roads and clog up traffic? TONY: Only on special occasions, or ventures into regions with too much supernatural activity. CAROLYN: (laughingly) You made that up. TONY: What if I did? CAROLYN: Well I'd need to point it out, Mr. Peterson. Anyway, this turnout is a good spot to lay low for a while. They can steer themselves back to the Inn and have the excitement of relaying the adventure of it at dinner, I'm sure. TONY: What to do while we wait? CAROLYN: I have my ideas. [smooching sounds] HECUBUS: During this delightful escapade in which, thankfully, no beloved characters nor Shriners were injured in the making of, we see Doctor Hoffman peeping through the window of a romantic eating establishment nearby. STOKES: What do you see, Julia? [walking from window, footsteps and sitting down] HOFFMAN: Oh, looks like Mr. Peterson managed to avoid a crash with the Shriners parade going on. I must say, Dr. Pierce picked the better convention to attend. STOKES: Ah, well who knows? Considering Dr. Pierce, and a friend of his similar boisterous persuasion, they could get up to some mischief that would cause as much calamity. HOFFMAN: Perhaps , but I wager he and his friend only got up to such antics from not wanting to be in Korea at all, nor drafted. It isn't unusual for those with a sense of humour to use it to keep from going loopy in a battle zone. [\"Begin the Beguine\" at the piano in the restaurant…] STOKES: This is true, my dear. Now, as we await our meal you must tell me how your day has gone. I told you Wyndcliff missed you. HOFFMAN: Ah, and you were very right, Professor, very right. I had to admit a little girl into the asylum this morning. Tom Jennings had a sister he was taking care of, Amy Jennings. Of course she is in total shock as Tom was the only close relative she really had left in the world. STOKES: Their parents deceased? HOFFMAN: Yes, and not long ago, I'm afraid, so this loss has come and I decided not only would Wyndcliff give her shelter and regular meals but also the attention for the grief she's going through. STOKES: I see. I told you that checking into your place of employment would garner the advantage of further accomplishments, my dear. HOFFMAN: (getting sweet) Yes… yes, you did. I remember. On that morning drive after saving our friend, Mr. Collins. STOKES: Yes. Glad to hear you refer to him as a friend. HOFFMAN: I do have the ability to recognize the true nature of relationships in my profession, T. Eliot Stokes. STOKES: I always knew that you did, Doctor Julia Hoffman. Truths in these matters where I am concerned weren't always so forthcoming. It's a benefit to all of us that we can finally discuss the incredible past of Mr. Collins. He is, somehow, the same man as history records from centuries past, isn't he? HOFFMAN: Yes he is. STOKES: Once he was only available in the evenings, of course. I presume something has been going on to allow him to be active during the day. Did you have a hand in making that happen? HOFFMAN: Yes, I did. He's not fully cured of his ailment as certain symptoms strike him. STOKES: The yearning for blood? HOFFMAN: (low gasp) … well… STOKES: Doctor Hoffman, allow me a smile at your blush. I would prefer to induce that with my own affectionate attentions. Let us not dwell on how it happened for him to have more flexibility now. Something maintains of a curse on him and that shall take more than science to administer, I'm afraid. HOFFMAN: I suppose it will. STOKES: But I must know if he currently exhibits signs of that ailment or so you describe. He was a mortal man from the start, was he not? HOFFMAN: Yes, our Mister Collins wasn't a vampire and then he was and now he sort of ... isn't . STOKES: Julia? What is this Barnabas Collins? A Zen Koan? \"First there was a mountain, then there wasn't, then there was\"? HOFFMAN: You're thinking of a popular song. STOKES: Which is based on the translation of thoughts in Buddhism about the state of understanding the world. But let us digress. HOFFMAN: Fine by me. STOKES: I believe between the two of us we can help to come up with a solution. One element that fascinates me is the similar affliction of lycanthropy. HOFFMAN: Oh? Werewolves? STOKES: Precisely. How do you feel about that subject, Doctor? HOFFMAN: (sultry) Professor? If there is a goodnight kiss into the bargain? I'll talk to you about anything . HECUBUS: And as we fan ourselves off, we leave our collegiate couple to daintily pick at their plates, enjoy gazing into each other's eyes, and continue to wrestle with the means of making the Collinsport world a better place with their intellectual prowess. MILLIGAN: Enough with the damn usage of the word prowess, diddly-pips. We have an ocean liner to congregate our listeners to. HECUBUS: Well! Excuse me for breathing , master. MILLIGAN: Excused, and don't think I didn't consider withholding that excuse. Now we are allotted the great time that it takes to set forth on an ocean cruise liner. The journey by train they hampered themselves into and learning to walk sideways at times. HECUBUS: (chuckles) The thrill of cramped traveling can make people very friendly, indeed! What about their stay in New York, master? MILLIGAN: Yes! Arriving in a grand New York City station, be it Central or otherwise, our fair ladies enjoyed a two-night stay in their NYC hotel, something famous and ritzy, no doubt. Spending their time in whatever fun loving way was possible considering how distracting such a city is by itself, they were eventually whisked toward the West Side of Manhattan by taxi to their ocean liner docks. And then? boarded The RMS Queen Elizabeth! HECUBUS: Are you sure that is historically accurate, master? MILLIGAN: No, and anyone who has a problem with it should have contacted us sooner! So there! As for our Lily Munster, or Drake, and Elizabeth Collins Stoddard, they have managed all of this wondrous travel while… shuffling horrendous indiscretions in who will carry what luggage to where, and who are allowed to provide taxi service for our two cousins, Elizabeth and Lily. Several louts received some nasty blows along the way, both verbally and physically. HECUBUS: Oh, dear, Master. How much scuffling was involved? MILLIGAN: Only in as much as made our Lily feel useful, and her cousin Elizabeth amused. As we know Lily currently appears far more mundane and that allows the slimy types to anticipate more timidity from her, but rest assured, she knew how to throw mighty curve-balls in their direction. HECUBUS: Yes, the \"get-out-of-my-way\" approach. This leads us to their doing all the bureaucratic actions a trip like this involves, and after some taking of ginger, which prevents nausea, our Lily and Elizabeth are upon the punch table in a ballroom of the Queen Elizabeth ocean liner operated by Cunard. MILLIGAN: More details than we needed, but whatever. Let us join their undertone of frivolity, or so it appears… at first! [background of passengers, tinkling of glasses, footsteps all over, ocean noises] LILY: Mmm, so good to get all settled and acquainted with our surroundings. ELIZABETH: I should say so. Far less nuisance than I anticipated. LILY: Because I got rid of them as they came, didn't I? ELIZABETH: Yes, you did, my dear cousin. [\"Jump in The Line\" by Harry Belafonte music begins…] LILY: LIZZIE! Oh I love this number. Put down your glass. ELIZABETH: Why? LILY: We've got to dance. ELIZABETH: To this? LILY: Of course! ELIZABETH: But we don't have partners. LILY: Lizzie! I'm your partner. Now come along! ELIZABETH: Oh… I mustn't. LILY: Yes! I insist! ELIZABETH: All right. If you insist. [running out to dance floor] LILY: Come on, Lizzie; Calypso! ELIZABETH: All right, I'm moving! I'm moving! LILY: Oh, we can shake hips. It's all right. ELIZABETH: Ohhh, Lily! THE GHOST OF BILL MALLOY: Every year that went by, Liz, every year , you hoped the ghosts would be pushed further and further back, till they were hidden so deep they don't matter no more. But a ghost won't die. And this ghost is here to revisit the greatest woman on the face of this earth... (Music grows louder for a moment as Bill Malloy appreciatively watches the dancing.) THE GHOST OF BILL MALLOY: It's been too long since you were happy enough to dance, Liz. It's been far too long since you and I danced together. (Pause a moment for thought, then:) You know, I think it's just about time for me to cut in. ELIZABETH: Yes, it's wonderful! LILY: Yes we are. Yes we absolutely are. ELIZABETH: Thank you, dear. [music swells, dancing ensure) LILY: (gratefully) Elizabeth? … thank you for inviting me… ELIZABETH: (warmly) You're welcome, Lily. You are very welcome… Shake, shake, shake, Senora Shake your body line Work, work, work, Senora Work it all the time Dance, dance, dance, Senora Dance it all the time Work, work, work, Senora Work it all the time Senora dances Calypso Left to right is the tempo And when she gets the sensation She go up in the air, come down in slow motion Ok, I believe you! (Jump in the line, rock your body in time) Somebody, help me! (Jump in the line, rock your body in time) Ok, I believe you! (Jump in the line, rock your body in time) Whooooa! Shake, shake, shake, Senora, Shake your body line Shake, shake, shake, Senora, Shake it all the time Work, work, work, Senora! [cruise line horn blare] All Due Respect To: The Kids In The Hall Clue (1980's film) Beetlejuice (1980's film) Harry Bellafonte The Munsters (1960's TV Show) M*A*S*H (1970's and 1980's TV show) Shriners International (unless there is any objection) The Ghost & Mrs. Muir (1960's TV Show) And of course, Dark Shadows (1960's TV Show and 2012 film ) The Pit of Ultimate Dark Shadows is a Daryl Wor Production. A/N Hi! Yep, I know it's a lot to say what you liked, so I have two fun suggestions: 1) A line from The Golden Girls, Sophia Petrillo, \"I laughed so hard I peed. And then I laughed at that.\" or 2) Cousin Lily's final line in this episode to her Cousin Elizabeth. That would do nicely. :) ","Summary":" A/N: Hello, fellow fans. This may look a little strange, but it's certainly not a cross-over, it's "},{"Movie":"Beetlejuice","Title":"Beetlejuice 2: Journey to the Neitherworld","Author":"SnowWolf15","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12165045","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hey everyone! I have been wanting for so long to make a story for Beetlejuice, but could never find a good storyline for it. Now that I have it, I have everything written on a piece of paper. I own none of the characters except some of the ones from the Netherworld, Rosanne and her friends and parents, and the main antagonist. Everything else belongs to Tim Burton. Thus, I hope you enjoy this story and the many strange and unusual tales it will tell. Thoughts are in italics \"Speech\" I will tell you that most of the story will be in Rosanne's point of view but will switch to other characters through. Don't worry though because I will tell you when it changes. Prologue: It's been 60 years since Lydia's original \"battle\" with Betelgeuse. She and her husband lived the rest of their life in her childhood house after the death of her parents. Her ghostly friends the Maitland's still resided in the house and quickly welcomed her back. Lydia's husband Vince died a few years after they moved in, but Barbara and Adam stayed by Lydia's side until her death at the ripe age of 74. Now her ghost(returned to a younger age) lived in the house among her friends and she was happy. Since her husband didn't have as deep a connection to the house as she did, he went to his original home. The house itself remained vacant for a year until another family moved in from a large city nearby. ~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~ Lydia watched from the attic as the moving van rolled into the driveway. Yet another family had moved into her and the Maitland's house. It didn't take long after her death for a realtor to come hammering away at a sign in the lawn. Hopefully they had a child that could see her, Adam, and Barbara. \"Are they here yet?\" Asked Adam stepping up to the window. He looked out and smiled. \"The moving van is the only one here right now.\" she replied. \"Hopefully they won't be like your step mom!\" joked Barbara joining them. They all watched as a red colored minivan rolled in behind the moving truck. The first person that came out of the car was a tall man with blonde hair. Lydia assumed that he was the father. From the passenger seat came a short, chubby, woman with long brown hair...the mother. Finally, from the very back of the van came a younger girl with dark brown hair. Lydia smiled because for some reason she reminded her of herself when she first moved to the house. Only this girl was not quite as \"dark\" as she was. She had pale skin and was wearing a pale blue sun dress with black roses covering it. Her dark hair was pulled back into an array of curls that draped down her back and over her shoulders. She looked up at their attic window and smiled showing pearl white teeth. \"You think she saw us?\" Asked Adam. Lydia looked down and watched as the pretty teen helped her parents unpack and head to the front of the house. \"It's hard to tell right now\". ~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~ They could here the sound of the door opening downstairs. A bunch of footsteps could be heard rummaging around in the kitchen and living room. Lydia left the attic and headed to the base of the stairs watching as the people moved furniture and bags into the living room. \"Rosanne! Come here for a minute.\" The mother called out a window. In came the young girl. She looked directly at Lydia, but showed no sign that she could actually see her. Lydia then returned upstairs. Rosanne's Point of View \"Yes?\" Rosanne replied. Her mother told her to leave the unpacking to the adults and to instead explore the house and choose her room. Even though Rosanne was one year away from being considered an adult, she didn't hesitate in dashing upstairs. She looked in each room: carefully examining them. It didn't take long for her to choose. The room directly in the middle of the second floor sparked her attention the most. It had a bay window in the very back of the room which let in many rays of sunlight. This is perfect ! She jumped on her new bed and sat still taking in the new scent of her new home. Rosanne was on the verge of falling asleep when she heard something fall from upstairs. Didn't that come from the attic? I hope we don't have mice ! She left her bed and went to the staircase leading to the attic. ~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~ Lydia's Point of View She had just accidentally knocked over a piece to Adams town replica. \"Whoops sorry! Still trying to get used to picking things up without physical hands.\" She told Adam as he began picking the piece up, assuring her it was no big deal. They then heard footsteps coming up the stairs. Barbara ran past her and Adam and locked the door. \"What if its the girl?\" Lydia suggested \"I don't think she would start any trouble up here.\" \"What if it's one of her parents?\" Replied Adam pushing the door in. Lydia told them to take a chance. When the door knob began to giggle, they unlocked the door and held there non-existent breaths. Luckily for them, it was Rosanne. Rosanne's Point of View When she opened the door her jaw flew open at the sight before her. The previous owner or owners must have created this town replica. It looked so realistic and beautiful that she refrained from touching it in fear of ruining it. She continued to look at it closely taking in every detail and comparing it with the real town. How did whoever make this make it so on point? Lydia's Point of View They all watched as the young woman took awe over Adams creation. Up close, they had agreed that she was pretty with her pale skin that made her bright blue eyes pop. But, she still showed signs that she was oblivious to their presence. \"We need to get her out of here.\" Barbara said waving her hand in front of the girls unseeing eyes. \"She might bring her parents up here.\" Lydia replied \"I don't think she would do that...\" \"If her parents are anything like yours though...\" Barbara feared that if this girls parents were anything like Lydia's, they might try to change the house or sale her husbands piece of work. When Lydia moved back in, she worked hard to restore it to its original way before her death. \"You guys are so loud!\" Said the girl looking dead at them. Everyone jumped at the sound of her sudden realization. \"You can actually see us?\" Said Adam with shock. \"I saw you as soon as I left the car this morning!\" Rosanne replied. Lydia was confused \"You looked directly at me earlier and said nothing?\" Rosanne laughed \"I saw you, but whenever I say something no one believes me. At our old house, I realized I could see things other kids couldn't, but when I told my parents, they just gawked at how big my imagination was.\" \"Wow! That's great! Now you can keep your parents from changing the house!\" Said Barbara in relief. \"I don't have to keep them from doing anything, they like the house the way it is and don't want to change it in any way shape or form\" Replied the girl smiling. This news was an even greater relief! After a while of talking and asking the girl questions, Lydia and the Maitland's learned that the girls name was Rosanne Westergren. She was 17 years old(which surprised them because she appeared to be more mature) and she came from Detroit. Rosanne's Father Max is a lawyer who(much like Lydia's own father) wanted to escape the noise and frustration of the city. However, her mother Rachel is just an average stay at home wife/mother. ~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~ Pretty soon, Lydia and the Maitland's felt very comfortable with Rosanne and decided that her family could stay with them as long as they wanted. By then, Rosanne's mother called her downstairs for dinner. Rosanne thanked them for letting her family stay and they replied by saying she could come up to the attic anytime she wanted to talk to someone. Adam gave her a spare skull key he had found and sent her on her way downstairs. \"Well that's a relief.\" Chimed Barbara kissing Adams cheek before he grabbed her and pushed her on the couch. \"Get a room!\" Lydia said before laughing. Rosanne's Point of View She went into the kitchen being greeted by the scent of pork, mac n' cheese, mashed potatoes, and green beans. \"So, have you chosen your room yet?\" Asked her father as he folded his news paper. \"Yes, its the one with the bay window.\" \"I walked in there earlier, that's a good choice for you dear.\" Replied her mother scooping a generous amount of mashed potatoes onto her plate. Rosanne then went on to tell her parents about how beautiful she thought the house was. She debated on wether she should tell them about the attic, but thought it best to ask Lydia, Barbara, or Adam first. \"Are your excited about your first day of school tomorrow?\" Asked her mother. \"So soon?\" She responded. \"The school board doesn't want you going more than a couple of days without being in school.\" Said he father. \"But what about all the packing that needs to be done?\" \"Honey, I told you earlier let me and your dad worry about that.\" Rachel barked. Realizing she couldn't talk her way out of it, she gave in to the fact that tomorrow she would start school at \"Miss Shannons School for Girls\". \"Doesn't that school have a uniform?\" She questioned. Her father paused for a moment \"We already called the school and they said you could just pick it up and put it on tomorrow when you get to school\". Silently, she moaned and finished her meal. After she ate, she told her parents that she was tired, kissed them goodnight, and then went upstairs. Quickly, she grabbed her carry on bag and pulled out a pair shorts and a t-shirt. Once finished she jumped into bed. As she turned over she jumped at the sight of Lydia sitting in the corner. Rosanne turned on her light \"What the hell?\" \"Sorry for disturbing you.\" Lydia apologized \"No it's fine, I'm just trying to prepare for school tomorrow\". Lydia's Point of View Lydia remembered her school and the friends she made within it. Her attention was brought back to Rosanne. She was just about to tell her a story from her school days when she noticed that she was fast asleep. \"Goodnight\" Lydia cooed. Much like Barbara and Adam saw her as their child, Lydia wanted to treat Rosanne as her own since she and her husband were never able to conceive a child. Lydia returned upstairs and sat at the window waiting for morning. Beetlejuice's Point of View \"Number 9,998,383,750,000 please come to the front desk\". His shrunken head shot up from 60 years of sleep. \"Welp, I guess it's my turn suckers\" he boasted walking up to the front desk. He winked at Miss Argentina \"Can we speed this up babes I got an engagement.\" The woman rolled her eyes and phoned Juno. \"Send him back\" the woman said. Beetlejuice followed the flattened man to the back where he met up with Juno \"long time no scare!\" He began \"Now I know I haven't been acting very heavenly, but I think those 60 years of waiting really paid off...and I' m ready to join society as a good citizen.\" Juno laughed \"You think I'm that stupid?\" Under his breath he said \"It was worth a shot.\" \"I've given you enough second chances Betelgeuse, but I draw the line at the attempted force of a 14 year girl to be your bride!\" the woman hissed. \"Listen, I can't help it she was into me!\" He said rolling his eyes. He was so close to being free, but that girl got lucky. His anger still boiled though. \"You don't even know how close you are to having your scaring license revoked! You keep doing what you're doing and you'll be in that room over there.\" Juno replied pointing to the room of lost souls. \"Once I get a little revenge on ol' Lydia-\" he began before Juno interrupted him \"She's been dead for two years!\" Surprised, he continued \"Well, that just makes things easier doesn't it?\" The old woman groaned \"You aren't allowed to return to that house anymore.\" That's what she thought! He got past her once, he could get past her again. Plus, he felt in the mood for some revenge. \"Alright alright, I get it. I'll chill at a motel in the Netherworld for a while.\" Juno gave him a whence \"How can I believe you?\" \"I give you a ghouls honor!\" He claimed as he crossed his fingers behind his back. \"Ok, since I feel like being generous today, I'll give you one more chance. You ruin that chance and you will have to talk to the council.\" Beetlejuice thanked her. \"Wait can you uh...\" The ghoul said pointing towards his head. The case worker snapped her fingers returning his head to its original fixture. \"It's showtime!\" ~.~.~.~.~.~.~End of Chapter~.~.~.~.~.~.~ So, a lot of stuff happens in chapter one. Again sorry for the switching of POV's so much, I promise it won't happen as much in the future(I hope). The next chapter will come sometime soon(I also hope), but I can't make any promises because I have joyous school that I definitely enjoy. Also, fair warning this story might get quite dark because the story(and movie) itself was actually centered around a darker theme. Please excuse any errors, I am extremely tired, but was too excited to not write a chapter. I will fix any errors tomorrow. Finally, please critique me it is much appreciated. Thanks![Chapter 2] Hello everyone! I know I've been MIA for awhile, but the prime reason for that is the fact that I am a student and as much as I want to write, studies gotta come first. Anyways, I definitely plan on finishing this story because it's gonna get crazy and I want to see your reactions! Enjoy! Thoughts are in Italics with the exception of the emphasis referring to Beetlejuice. Rosanne's Point of View The annoying ring of an alarm clock filled her ears. Rosanne shot up from another dreamless sleep and looked at the time. 6:10 only 2 hours until she started a new stress filled school life. In all honesty, she wasn't really sure why she woke up so early since she only needed 30 minutes to get dressed for school. She'd never attended an all girls school before, but it couldn't be much different from a co-ed school. Rosanne got up from her rickety bed and stretched, her plain sleep shirt exposing her pale bellybutton. As she walked to her closet, she noticed a piece of paper on the floor. It looked like it'd been there awhile; however, she hadn't noticed it earlier. She bent down and picked it up. The crinkling sound of paper unfolding bombarded her ears. This piece of paper was stiff and appeared to have stains from some liquid. She could notice something written on it but couldn't make out what it was. Rosanne sought the answer to this problem under the overwhelmingly bright light of her desk lamp. \"Betelgeuse\" she confusingly read. \"I'm not sure if I'm pronouncing this right, but what the hell is Betelgeuse? Betelgese? Beetlejuice?\" All of a sudden Lydia snatched the piece of paper from her hand and ripped it to pieces. \"Never say that name ever!\" She hissed. \"Which name? I pronounced it three different times? Beetle-\" Lydia cut her off \"Yes that one! That name is cursed! Please don't say it!\" \"What'll happen if I say it?\" Lydia sighed \"Listen, I'm not gonna go into details since that was a long long time ago and I'm pretty positive that I solved the problem...Just don't say it three times alright.\" Although still confused, Rosanne nodded her head. Lydia still made her promise never to say it again though. Soon enough, the Maitland's joined them in her room. \"What's with the serious atmosphere?\" Beamed Adam. Barbara nudged his rib. \"I'll explain later...\" replied Lydia \"Anyways, Rosanne needs to be getting ready for school, so we best g-\" Before she could finish her sentence, Rosanne's mother burst through the door and walked through Barbara. \"Ah, so that alarm clock I bought you works well I see!\" Her mother chimed. \"Yea, except it woke me up 2 hours before school when I only need 30 minutes!\" She replied. \"You know what they say dear-\" Oh here it comes! Rosanne finished her sentence \"Yes, yes I know, the early bird catches the worm...\" Her mother laughed \"That's my girl! Um...who were you talking to earlier dear?\" Rosanne froze \"Oh uh...I was just talking myself up for the day a head. I need a lot of talking up to deal with my peers.\" \"Oh, of course. Well, hurry up, dad has breakfast downstairs. You don't have to get all dressy since you'll be changing when you get to school.\" \"Yes mother, I know thank you!\" Rosanne kissed her mother's cheek before shooing her out so she could get dressed. She turned to Lydia and the rest. \"Alright, you heard her.\" Lydia, Barbara, and Adam laughed before exiting her room. Rosanne didn't feel the need to plan out what she was going to wear having settled for a pair of dark jeans and a navy blue long sleeved shirt. She combed her hair into a lazy ponytail and got her books together. Before going downstairs, she glanced at the ripped up pieces of paper and thought what an odd name before heading downstairs. Lydia's Point of View \"Damn!\" Lydia yelled before slamming her hands onto Adams model and gazing at the graveyard. Barbara placed a hand on her back while Adam asked the burning question he and Barbara both wanted the answer to. \"What happened back there?\" \" He's back!\" Lydia sighed. \"Who's Back?\" Barbara asked continuing to rub her shoulder. \"You know who I'm talking about...\" Adam gasped \"You don't mean!\" \"Yes, him !\" Barbara stopped rubbing her back and rubbed her temples \"Shit!\" \"Alright, so what are we going to do?\" Adam asked. Lydia paced the room \"Well, he already made himself known to Rosanne via a piece of old ass paper! On the other hand, she did promise never to mutter his name again.\" \"Yea, well you promised the same thing and still almost landed yourself the title of Mrs. Psychopath.\" Added Barbara. \"Ok, but I had a valid reason. Rosanne doesn't have any reason to need to summon that idiot.\" \"Well if she promised, I doubt she would go against that promise. We'll just have to keep an eye on her and make sure she doesn't get anymore little notes.\" Adam suggested. Lydia shrugged and nodded her head in agreement. \"You know he's down there...\" She said gesturing to the graveyard of Adams model. Adam took her arms and pulled her away from the model \"Yes, but we have no reason to go down there and confront him at the moment so don't worry.\" \"Adam's right-\" began Barbara \" He probably knows that we're all on edge now and expects us to float on down there to confront him . It's what he wants.\" \"I know, I know. It's just knowing he's down there makes me so angry!\" Lydia replied remembering what he put her, the Maitland's, and the rest of her family through. Adam knew what she was thinking \"That's in the past and we won't let that happen again to you, Rosanne, or anyone!\" Barbara nodded and gazed into the cemetery of her husbands precious model. \"Come on, let's go make sure he didn't leave anything else in Rosanne's room or around the house.\" Barbara suggested. Lydia agreed and followed them out the room, stopping to look at the model one more time before exiting. Rosanne's Point of View Rosanne stabbed her pancake and watched as the syrup filled in the holes where her fork punctured through. A fly flew around her and landed on the table only to be destroyed by the rolled up New York Times. It's insignificant little life, taken in a flash, fascinated her. Her mother filled her glass with more orange juice and kissed her forehead. Rosanne could feel the remanence of her mother chapstick stiffen against her soft skin. With the back of her hand, she quickly wiped it away before her mother noticed. \"So are you ready for your first day at school?\" Asked her father. \"Sure I guess, it's just another day in my opinion.\" Rosanne replied with a shrug. \"Aw come on, it's a new start! New school, new friends...\" Her father replied with a slightly disheartened tone. Rosanne shrugged and continued to eat her breakfast. She looked at the clock and realized it was about time for her to head out. \"Are you going to walk to school?\" Her mother asked. \"I guess so since I don't have any other means of transportation.\" She replied. \"Alright dear be safe!\" Her mother cooed. Her father joined in with a \"Yea, stranger danger!\" And a laugh. Rosanne rolled her eyes and smiled before giving them both a light hug. As she walked to the door, Lydia stopped her. \"You know, I left my old bike in the shed outside if you want to use it.\" Lydia offered. \"Anything's better than walking half a mile!\" Rosanne Giggled. Lydia returned her laughter before adding \"Remember our promise?\" \"Yes yes, I won't dare speakith his name!\" She replied with a hint of Shakespeare Lydia laughed again and rolled her eyes \"Well, I don't want you telling your friends about some ridiculous name you found on a piece of paper.\" \"Correction, as of now, I have no friends so I don't think that'll be a problem!\" \"Ok, ok-\" Lydia began \"Just be safe and watch out for idiots...Oh! Adam and Barbara want to wish you luck. They're a little occupied at the moment, so they asked me to relay that message.\" \"Tell them I said thank you!\" Rosanne replied before leaving. My parents probably think I'm crazy since it seems I'm talking to myself! ~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~ Rosanne headed towards the side of the house where she found an old shed. It's paint was peeling off heavily; however, it still appeared to be quite sturdy. Once she made her way to the sheds door, she realized it was locked. Gggggrrrreeeeaaaattttt She dug around in her pockets for awhile before finding her skull key. For some reason or another, she felt the need to take it with her, which came in handy for this particular moment. Rosanne jiggled the key in the lock and watched as it unlocked and fell to the ground. Logic ! Perched against the wall of the shed stood a lightly rusted bike. For a moment, she gawked at how well kept it was. That feeling left when she peered at her watch. Rosanne guided the bike out of the shed. Once out, she leaned it against it while she locked the shed back. It had been a while since she had ridden a bike but it was either this or walking, so she decided to take her chances. She hoisted herself onto the bikes firmed seat and put her foot on the pedal. Within seconds, she found herself riding in small circles around the outside of the house. Once she'd gotten a little more used to it, she decided to make her way down the gigantic hill leading to the main road. She looked at it with confidence and made her way down. Rosanne quickly picked up speed and released the handlebar like she had before with her old bike. A squeal of enjoyment and excitement escaped her mouth as she neared the bottom of the hill. It'd been forever since she was able to have a little fun. Of course that fun ended when the wheel of the bike got caught on an oddly placed root, which sent her flying into their air. She hit the ground hard and lay there for a second. \"Damn, that roots got it in for me!\" She said before breaking out into laughter. Rosanne got back on her feet and dusted her butt off. Luckily enough, the bike wasn't damaged. She re-situated herself upon its now crooked seat and continued on her way to school. ~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~ After arriving, Rosanne was met with many new faces. Each had a hint of judgement behind their seemingly innocent grins. She parked her bike and started making her way to the front office of the all girls school. Before she could however, she was stopped by a chubby girl whose hair was braided into pig tails. This chick obviously gave off that \"I'm the class president of the I'm better than everyone else fan-club\". \"Who invited little miss ghoul to our proper little school?\" Said the girl as she turned to laugh at her followers. \"The same person who supplies you with your daily dose of Twinkie.\" Rosanne replied before walking past them. She could hear their offended gasp behind her, which caused her to smile. She pushed through the schools front door and politely informed the lady at the front desk of who she was. The woman was a sweet little lady who definitely looked like she could be working somewhere other than this school. \"Ah, Miss Westergren! Principal Keaton is in the back with your uniform. She is very excited to meet you!\" Rosanne thanked her and followed her finger to the door leading to the principals room. She knocked and entered once she was instructed to do so. A tall and stern woman greeted her with a dull hello. So much for being excited! \"Hello Mrs. Keaton, I was told to come back here to pick up my uniform.\" Mrs. Keaton eyed her down taking into notice the dirt and grass stains from her previous accident. \"Yes, it's right here dear.\" She replied motioning to the desk behind her. Rosanne quickly scooped it up before heading to the front the leave. School was about to start after all. She was stopped when Mrs. Keaton added \"So, how are you liking our little town?\" \"Well-\" Rosanne began \"I haven't really even been here for a day yet, but based on my ride here, I'd say it's very uh...scenic!\" Mrs. Keaton let out a \"Humph\" before signaling her to get going. Rosanne quickly changed into a brown plaid skirt and a white blouse. She drug the schools jacket from the top of the bathroom stall and put it over her shoulders. It wasn't necessarily what she had in mind in regards to a uniform, but she liked it. Unfortunately for her though, she didn't bring the right shoes with her and had to settle with wearing black converse over her black stockings. The first bell to class rang causing her to quickly leave the bathroom and sprint to class. ~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~ Just as the second bell rang, Rosanne bolted through the door and stood before her first block teacher. Through the corner of her eye, she could see the chick from earlier. She had the same dull look plastered on her face. Her teacher however, greeted her with a warm smile and waited until everyone was seated until she introduced her to the class. \"Alright everyone, This is our new student Rosanne Westergren. Ms. Westergren, would you like to say anything?\" \"Not really, you pretty much summed it up!\" She replied with a warm smile. The other girls, with the exception of little miss perfect, returned her smile with an array of \"awes\". Did she say something weird? Her teacher, Mrs. Samoa, pointed to an empty seat near the window, which she assumed was now hers. Rosanne eagerly made her way to her seat as the judgmental eyes of the girl and her minions followed her every move. That was a nuisance. After making her way to her seat, the girl in front of her turned around and smiled. \"Hey, I'm Mia, it's nice to meet you!\" Rosanne smiled, awkwardly, before providing a shy \"Hello.\" \"Aw, you're so pretty!\" Mia beamed. The punk girl from earlier began to giggle. \"Who is that anyway?\" Rosanne asked motioning behind her. \"Ugh, that's Addison and her two favorite devotees Zoey and Claire. They're a group of preps who think that giggling like idiots will gain them attention!\" Rosanne snorted \"Ah, yea, I may have confronted her about her Twinkie problem earlier!\" Mia laughed \"Hey, she picks on girls all the time, so I'm glad someone had the courage to say something back!\" The rest of Rosanne's three class periods before lunch were filled with laughter. She and Mia quickly became friends. During lunch, Mia introduced her to one of her friends Evelyn and they too hit it off quickly. By the end of the day, Rosanne had managed meet at least two people she felt she could deal with. When the last bell rang, Rosanne and Mia met up with Evelyn before heading out. Mia and Evelyn lived in a nearby neighborhood. \"So,-\" started Evelyn \"You live in that house on the hill?\" \"Yea, we moved there yesterday...\" \"Interesting\" added Mia. \"What?\" Questioned Rosanne. Evelyn smirked \"Nothing, it's just we've heard that house is haunted!\" For a brief moment, Rosanne choked on air. \"Oh come on, you guys are adults now, don't believe in such childish stuff like ghosts.\" She replied with a giggle. \"We're just saying, wait you're 18 too right?\" Mia asked. \"Not until Friday!\" She replied. \"You gonna have a party?\" Evelyn squealed. \"Eh, probably not. I don't have time to deal with people!\" Rosanne responded jokingly. She hadn't had any form of party in a couple of years. \"Well, maybe we can just hang out and have a good ole sleepover!\" Mia suggested. Rosanne told them she'd talk to her mom before unlatching her bike and heading home. ~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~ Once home, she was met with a table set with dinner. Of course she was also bombarded with questions in regards to how her day went, to which she simply replied with \"Pretty good actually!\" She had decided to wait and talk to her parents about her birthday til tomorrow since she was tired and wanted to hurry to bed. After finishing her plate, she told her parents goodnight before performing her usual night routine. Having finished that, she opened the door to her room and plopped onto her bed whilst releasing a long sigh. Rosanne waited for awhile to see if Lydia and the Maitland's were going to come up and ask about her day. After awhile without them turning up however, she contemplated going up to check on them. She had just left her bed when something white caught her eye. When she turned, she was stunned to find the piece of paper from earlier only it wasn't ripped up! Rosanne went over and picked it up once again. It still had \"Betelgeuse\" written on it except it was written a little darker. She paused a moment before ripping it up again and throwing it away. She wanted to go check on her ghostly friends, but was too tired to do so. Instead, she promised herself she would check on them first thing in the morning! With that, she allowed her eyes to grow heavy until she was fast asleep. Lydia's Point of View The Maitland's had reported that there were no other signs of him anywhere. This allowed a sense of relief to overcome Lydia. All of a sudden, she could hear laughter emanating from the town model. Lydia peered over to where the model stood to find the traffic light blinking red repeatedly. It hadn't done that before, which meant one thing. He was definitely there! \"Look!\" She pointed. Barbara and Adam gasped before joining her at the edge of the model. They couldn't see him , but knew he was there. \"What are we going to do?\" Asked Adam. \"I think we should go down there and see what the hell he wants!\" Replied Lydia. \"Lydia, we went over this...\" Said Adam. \"I don't know Adam, I kind of agree with her.\" Added Barbara. \"But...\"Adam began. \"Ok Listen, we go down there, see what he wants, tell him to leave and then come back!\" Lydia suggested. \"But that would require us to say his name, which would release him . Who knows what would happen then!\" Replied Adam. He made a valid point; however, Barbara remembered that after their first meeting, she said \"Home\" three times and it took her and Adam back home. Maybe it would work the same this time. \"Alright, I think we can just say model three times and it will take us to him !\" Adam nodded in approval. \"Only one way to find out!\" The three of them then said \"Model\" three times simultaneously. A puff of smoke surrounded them and sure enough, they were in the model. \"Ok, all we gotta do is find him!\" Said Lydia. \"Find who?\" Beamed a familiar voice. She choked on her words as she turned around. \"Sup Babes.\" Said Beetlejuice as he maliciously grinned. Ok wow! I did not mean to make this chapter so long! I just figured that since I haven't uploaded in a while I should make it longer! It's so long, that it's making my IPad lag! Nevertheless, I hope you enjoyed the chapter and I can wait to add more to it! The next chapter will be uploaded soon I hope, which will deal with Lydia's confrontation with the ghost with the most! Anyways, until next time my fellow Netherworldians! ","Summary":" Hey everyone! I have been wanting for so long to make a story for Beetlejuice, but could never find"},{"Movie":"Beetlejuice","Title":"Swallowtail: Hope for the Hopeless","Author":"Yak-A-Lot","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12800711","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N This is set in the universe of the original script. If you haven't read it already, I highly suggest doing so- it might be a bit challenging to understand this fanfic otherwise. The gist of the script is that BeetleJuice is actually a demonic entity who has the intention of murdering the Deetz family and bringing the whole town down. He steals the identity of Swallowtail (his twin brother, counselor for the recently deceased) to gain the support of the Maitlands. Lydia Deetz varies significantly in her personality in the fact that she is portrayed as a delinquent who later becomes infatuated with BeetleJuice due to one of his schemes. Eventually the Deetz and Maitlands realize how dangerous he is and the story concludes with the exorcism of BeetleJuice. After her experience, Lydia turns over a new leaf and decides to join the cheerleading team to her new school: Winter River. Finally, it is implied that Claire Brewster is the leader of this cheerleading squad. Unlike her cartoon counterpart, she is sweet and makes an attempt to befriend Lydia by asking her to join. With that, onward with the story. The stench of cheap cigarettes wafts through the women's bathroom at Winter River High School, the breeze from the open window can do very little to compete with the sheer quantity of smoke. The culprit is none other than Lydia Deetz, regarded by most as a delinquent with a silver tongue. She was supposed to be attending cheer practice at this very time, but she has taken great comfort in the solitude in this time of tragedy-or was it something to celebrate, rather than a tragedy? Cleanliness is not a concern to Lydia as she sits in one of the bathroom stalls, her black lips clenched lightly around the white cigarette. She regards the graffiti around her thoughtfully, the names from all the gossip swirling together until they formed one big indistinguishable wall of text. With a moment of consideration she decides to add her own mark and she withdraws a pen from her satchel. Claire Brewster ate shit on her way to the afterlife. Yesterday Afternoon Everything the coach had imparted onto the cheerleaders under her instruction was about to be tested. Today was the day of the big game and there were no redoes, no second chances. The cheerleaders had to perform perfectly or turn both the coach and Winter River Highs School into a complete mockery. The coach, named Misses Bonnell, had faith in her beloved pupils- all but one at least: Lydia Deetz. Miss Bonnell was not certain what sort of agenda she had, but there was an ulterior motive for the otherwise gothic teen to join the cheerleading squad. She was their newest member and while she had shown promise, she was constantly going against the strict uniform and she would oftentimes pull publicity stunts. At this crucial time before the game, Miss Bonnell could not afford any of Lydia's antics. She would have to keep a careful eye on the teen because there was too much at stake. \"Chop chop ladies, we have one hour before we have to clear the field. Get into position,\" Miss Bonnell clasped her hands around her lips, allowing her voice to carry across crowd of cheerleaders. At this point they all knew the drill. Their choreography was just short of the perfection their coach so desperately strived for and they had no problem easing Miss Bonnell's anxiety with a demonstration or two even though they considered this practice completely unnecessary. They went through it once with no problem, twice, and on the third time they were becoming weary of feigning a love for a mascot they detested. \"Winter River Badgers, what a crock.\" Lydia muttered as she and the other flyer girls were hoisted up by the bases, balancing on nothing more than the palms of those below them. The indignity of the remark was ignored by the rest of her team members; this was the final basket toss before they could be dismissed for a break. A short break at that, but in their eyes it was well earned after a strenuous round of practice. One by one they were tossed into the air to the beat of the music, the result of long hours and teamwork. Once it was Lydia's turn she was confident she would be fine, tucked between her breasts and beneath her uniform was a good luck charm. Besides, her group of friends awaited her on the bleachers that were otherwise empty. As she leapt through the air, Lydia felt like she was flying on cloud nine. It was as if she had went further than any other basket toss, as if driven by some unseen force. She was an angel, but not one of the light however beautiful in her own right. When it was time to retire her wings, she realized that she was far from hitting the mark. Panic flashed across her face, at any rate she would go straight for the ground. \"Crap, I've got her- I've got her!\" Claire Brewster shrieked, her hand flashing out and grabbing a hold of her fallen comrade's wrist. It was too little too late. In those moments, Lydia was not rational. At the sudden sensation of someone seizing her wrist, she panicked and ripped it away from her unseen attacker. While she was able to adjust her landing to the cheerleaders below her, Claire was not so lucky. The sudden velocity of someone jerking away from her caused Claire to lose her footing and she went tumbling head first into the grassy turf of the field. The force of the fall was propelled by her entire weight, and it snapped her neck much like a toothpick. Game over, Winter River Badgers. I don't have enough tardies left for this bullshit; I'll lose credit for my classes if I don't hurry to my next period. Claire Brewster was certainly a sight for sore eyes. She kept her bleach blonde hair to her shoulders and never seemed to wear it in the same way twice. She worked hard at keeping up her appearance, even if that meant waking up an extra ten minutes to coordinate the color of her lip gloss to her accessories. In a school that was dominated by tacky uniforms, one would do anything to stand out from each other. Even if that meant spending hundreds of dollars on fake tans, makeup, jewelry, and who knows what. Not that Claire had to worry about cash, she had enough to wipe her ass with it if she so chose. All of this is true, except if she were to glance into a mirror at this point in time it would surely crack down the middle. Her beautiful tan was marred by purple and blue bruises surrounding her neck and her clothes were decorated in a layer of dirt and turf. It was a wonder she even survived the fall. Now she had to focus on one thing: Saving her already poor attendance. The halls were empty, a bad sign by all accounts. It meant everyone was already in class. When she located the door she was searching for, she flung it open and hustled over to her desk: number four. Her apology for her tardiness was ignored, but at least she didn't have to make up an excuse. Claire slid her backpack off her shoulder and began to paw through it, searching for her book. Much to her horror, they were all missing aside from one she didn't even recognize. She wrapped her manicured hand around it and withdrew it, placing it on the desk carefully so it would not draw the attention of the students sitting at neighboring desks. Try as she might, she could not decipher the title. She read it again and again, but each time it just seemed like some kind of sick joke. The title glared up at her, like some kind of code she was responsible for uncovering. It read… Handbook for the Recently Deceased. End of Chapter 1 A/N This is the first fanfiction I've written in years, and I'm proud of the end result. Next chapter we will be introducing Swallowtail and delving into Lydia's involvement in the death of Claire. As always please feel free to send me some constructive criticism. Side note: I apologize if this is not formatted properly; whenever I transfer it to it seems to mess it up.[Chapter 2] Young soul, put off your flesh and come with me into the quiet tomb. Our bed is lovely, dark and sweet. No one could deny that Lydia Deetz had the eyes of a young and passionate artist. She spent her free time seeing- and admiring- the world through the narrowed scope of her camera lens. While most photographers spent an extensive amount of trying trying to cut out all that was death and decay from their idealistic portraits, Lydia was the one that was pursuing something unconventional. Something marcarbe, perhaps dark in content matter rather than lighting. The earth will swing us as she goes, beneath our coverlid of snows and the warm leaden sheet. Yet, even with her unique perspective, there was not one thing aesthetically pleasing about the situation that she found herself in. It was that of a nightmare. Wherever she was, it could not be classified as a room. There were no corners to suggest length or width, but it still felt like an enclosed space. Even so, as far as she could see there was one thing: Red. The color was so vibrant that it felt like a glaring confrontation. The kind that bathed her body in the dark room in the basement. This time she got the sense that nothing would be created from a color like this, only destroyed. Dear and dear is their poisoned note, the little snakes of silver throat. She's suspended in thin air, a sensation she remembers all too well from the moments before cheerleading practice had gone terribly wrong. In this nightmare, she exists outside of the physical realm. It was as if someone had spat on Sir Isaac Newton's grave and the theories of gravity he developed. Higher, higher, she went in a place where she wasn't even sure that was capable of being measured. It was endless, and her body appeared to be non-existent. In mossy skulls that nest and lie- Ever singing, \"Die, Oh die!\" Minutes dragged onto an eternity. If this young and youthful teen had the vocabulary to describe the afterlife, this is the experience she would find the words to illustrate. It was more like hell, if anything. There was something sinister about the color, something that was hidden in the hues. It started with you, Lydia, and it will end with you. Lydia Deetz awakens, but not with a jolt. She finds herself sitting on her bed, the sheets entangled around her pale limbs. The red numbers on her alarm clock alert her to the fact that it is three in the morning. She feels an overwhelming sense of tranquility wash over her, and for some reason she feels the urge to look in the mirror. She had no intention of looking at her reflection, however, she just gets the sense that she was meant to do so. She never expected to see a pair of eyes staring back at her and one thing was for sure...They weren't her own. \"BeetleJuice, BeetleJuice, BeetleJuice.\" Winter River High School Claire Brewster was not the type of girl to spend her time pondering the existence of an afterlife. In fact, if someone had asked her what her religious beliefs were she would have answered with a shrug. She was young, wild, and free from that morbid way of thinking- she did not have the time nor the dedication to practice a religion or stress over an answer that would become clear sooner or later. As it turns out, that answer reared its ugly face sooner rather than later. At the ripe age of eighteen, Claire stared down the Handbook for the Recently Deceased as tears welled in her eyes. At that exact moment in time, some people felt the chill of the sorrow from someone far beyond the grave. Even so, they remained entranced in the teacher's lesson- not because she had anything particularly interesting to say, but because the empty seat beside them weighed heavy on their minds. Love or hate Claire, she was an active part of Winter River High School and it reminded all the youth of their ever present mortality. For Claire, it was not a chill that could be swayed by adding another layer of clothing. The realization of her death brought on a whole wave of emotions she couldn't even begin to sort through alone, even if she had a million years to do so. All was still in the classroom before the teenage ghost began to frantically thumb through the pages of the handbook, scanning the text for keywords that popped out. A hundred pages or so into her search, the pages became blank. Like empty canvases, awaiting the direction of an artist capable of mass creation. At which point Claire would most certainly give up on her search for answers, but the book had a mind of its own and decided to continue on without her direction. Long after her hands had left the pages, they continued to flip. Faster and faster until it was a blur of white. Seconds felt like eons, and that's when a butterfly began to elegantly drift across the pages. It appeared like a flip-book, an optical illusion of some kind. Yet this wasn't choppy like pencil marks, there was one fluid motion that made the butterfly seem so life-like, and the colors! Could an artist really replicate something like this? Even a skilled one? The teenage ghost sat glued to her seat, her mouth agape. The butterfly was an unearthly beauty, meant for someone to behold but never to carass. It represented utmost purity, and Claire got the sense that this would be her savior- such a small, tiny fragile creature would lead her to every answer she would need. This knowledge was imprinted into her mind, telepathically, and just as she finished the thought she realized that the butterfly was beginning to take a three-dimensional form. It left the pages, as a real winged insect, and began to glide through the classroom. It looped around her teacher's head, and then walked through the closed door as if it had no physical form. \"Are you my angel, little guy?\" The words on her lips left her breathless, although she supposed there was nothing practical about the use of her lungs. Not anymore. It felt as if she was five years old all over again, Claire was pursuing the creature with a childish curiosity- Stumbling around desks, tripping along the way as if she was a newborn fawn talking his first few steps. Not even the door was about to stop her, and she found that she, too, could phase through it with a form of elegance she had never experienced. She traveled across the campus in this same manner, only catching glimpses of the wings of the butterfly as she went. The golden glow of yellow welcomed her, and challenged her to weave through the empty hallways. The butterfly lead her to a familiar hallway, one that she spent a great deal of her time in during each morning and afternoon. It was the one that her locker was located in. Once she reached her destination, she scanned the hallways for a moment to truly soak in what she was witnessing with her own eyes. Her locker was covered from floor to ceiling with notes, and in the midst of the gaudy atrocity was a wreath, embellished with a snapshot of Claire Not just any wreath or snapshot, they stuck out like a sore thumb in her mind. The wreath was composed of entirely red roses, possibly her least favorite color and flower, and the photograph was taken by none other than Lydia Deetz. She knew this for a fact, it was taken in a rather unflattering angle and she could just hear that damned girl laughing up a storm in the red room with her punk friends. All whilst all the staff members of the school praised her for such a refreshing and realistic approach to photography. \"Yeah right, what a bitch.\" Claire grimaced and looked around, suddenly realizing that the butterfly was nowhere to be seen,\"What did you want to show me?\" It was like a game of I Spy with my Little Eye, except there was no one to make necessary corrections. She wandered around the hallway, snooping through lockers (it looked like the pill-popping fad hadn't passed) and reading through some of the letters addressed to her. The names of her ex boyfriends, fellow cheerleaders, and classmates all blended together- Every last sorrow imprinted on the page a regurgitation of the last one, with nothing to set it aside. She was just about ready to rip out her hair when she noticed a poster on the wall that hadn't been there before. It read as the following: Hope for the Hopeless. If you seek an afterlife caseworker, chant and then call out my name three times. Below it is a striking illustration of the very same butterfly, and it suddenly dawned on Claire that it wasn't just an imitation but the exact same creature that had lead her here in the first place. The poster had become his eternal tomb, framing his beauty for a lifetime- or rather eternity, given that they were already deceased to begin with. Claire shuddered at the thought before plucking the paper from the wall, squinting against the text for further instruction. It was all too cryptic, and she did not die in front of the whole cheer team just to play games with some ghost. Yet, desperate times called for desperate measures so she had little choice but to recite the only chant that was pounded into her head: \"Two, four, six, eight, Winter River's really great?\" Even if it was the verse that she had spent her time perfecting, the words did not have the same passion in this time. They came out as a question, rather than a statement to the integrity of her high school. What was so great about the school that killed her, anyway? A quick glance to the poster reminded her that she wasn't finished yet. She had to call on this ghost's name, whatever that was. All whilst that still portrait of the butterfly looked up at her, mocking her with silence. For a moment, she even suspected that his wings fluttered but ever so slightly. It almost seemed like a que. \"Monarch, Vanessa- Come on, it's not like I took a class on butterfly names.\" Claire chewed on her lip, searching her brain for the name of this particular butterfly. It was a difficult task, given that not even Claire considered herself very bright. She hesitated, before reciting the only name that seemed possible: \"Swallowtail, Swallowtail, Swallowtail.\" There was a sudden banging from within her locker, and the volume of the sound caused Claire to shriek out. Her body flung herself into fight or flight mode, and even without the fear of death looming overhead she scrambled to the other side of the room for protection. Not only was the clanging within an assault on her eardrums, but there was a bright light shining through the slits in the locker door. She found that it was far too bright to gaze into, and shielding her face with her arm did little to solve the problem. Then, just as suddenly as it had begun, all became still. The lights dimmed, the struggle from within ceased, and the door creaked open to reveal the figure of a tall man. So tall, in fact, that he had to crouch down to even fit in the door frame. As soon as he stepped into the hallway, he stretched out to reveal his full height. He was well sculpted- quite literally! His face was easily recognizable from the statues depicting the archangel Gabriel, and Claire could do little but look in a mix of awe and confusion. She was drowning in a sea of dejavu and she couldn't tell if it was because she had seen him in another life, or if she had seen his face depicted in folklore. \"You,\" She began, raising a finger to indicate the man across from her, but she failed to produce any other words. Claire was babbling like a madwoman in front of him, and she was incredibly flustered. Despite the less than stellar impression she had made as of yet, Swallowtail brushed it off and instead focused his attention on the notes pasted around her locker. He picked a few off and looked over them. There was something about his movements that was so ethereal, it wasn't like anyone Claire had encountered. He cleared his throat, clearly feeling the eyes of the teen ghost on him.\"What is the nature of your request?\" Claire was taken aback by the blunt nature of his question, and crossed her arms over her chest. She suddenly felt exposed in her tiny cheerleading uniform, although this man- her caseworker- hadn't even so much as glanced in her general area.\"...That it? You make your grand entrance-\" She waved her hand to gesture to the locker and the area surrounding it,\"And you're just diving right into it?\" Swallowtail raised his head, and for a split second they finally made eye contact. A warm smile spread across his face, but it seemed to indicate pity. As if this strange, young girl in front of him was without the slightest clue.\"...Ah, yes, my bad.\" He waved away the contents in his hand, and they floated there for a moment. He took a bow, but the movement was an exaggeration, as if he was putting on a show for Claire's satisfaction.\"Swallowtail, at your service for all your afterlife casework needs! Simply refer to me as-\" \"-Gabriel,\" she interrupted whilst furrowing her eyebrows,\"Now drop the sarcasm. What does your job title include? What was with all the chanting?\" \"Hm, seems I'm not the only one to get straight to the point.\" He remarked, but he was thankful to be on the same page. Teenage ghosts were hit and miss at times, and although Claire seemed snippy she was surprisingly well put together compared to the angst he had dealt with in the past. \"Consider me a social worker,\" Gabriel continued,\" The transition into the afterlife can be quite jarring, but I'm here to cushion the blow so to speak. We normally don't handle cases this early on- you see, there's a strict regime, waiting lists, self-help booklets, insurance applications,\" He rattled off, counting the things he had listed on his hand.\"...But you, my dear Claire, are the exception.\" Claire made a face as if she had unexpectedly bit into something sour,\"Well, I'm truly honored by your presence, Gabe. What's so special about me? You still haven't explained the whole thing about the chanting, either. You're supposed to be the one with answers.\" Gabriel was hesitant to divulge the details surrounding his unlikely encounter with the freshly deceased ghost, but she certainly had his attention now. With a wave of his hand, he sent the papers from her locker back into their rightful place.\"That's mostly confidential, I'm afraid. You're currently under investigation for a wrongful death. According to your file, you were destined to live another twenty years. This is...considered impossible, by our standards. The only way this can happen is through divine intervention.\" Claire made no attempt to speak, she had certainly bitten off more than she could chew with this interrogation session. She had gotten almost all of the answers she had requested, but now she was wishing her quest for knowledge had been cut short. The injustice of the situation was just now setting in, and even then she couldn't quite wrap her head around it. Claire shook her head for a moment and took a seat on the cold hard ground. Gabriel, sensing her unease could only offer comfort in his presence. He took a seat right beside her, but gave her an arms length of distance. \"...I'm not required to have my clients chant. When you live for as long as I do, the same old routine becomes stale. That's why I enjoy my job so much. I get to meet every kind of person there is, and every decade I'm always introduced to something new and exciting. If there's something I enjoy the most, it's the poetry and the music. I can glean so much information about my clients just by what they sing and how they do it. \"So tell me Claire Brewster, what is it like to be a teenager in the year 1986? Are there flying cars yet?\" A/N I really enjoyed writing this chapter. It was a challenge to combine some of my favorite lore, interesting symbolism, and some references to the BeetleJuice cartoon into one chapter. If you think you have an idea what I'm referencing, feel free to point it out in the review section. I'm really interested to see if people understand the point I'm making. Lastly, here's a big shout out to The Art of Suicide and sm4567. I really appreciate your feedback and it really motivated me to finish this chapter. Seriously, go check these two out. They're excellent writers. ","Summary":" A/N This is set in the universe of the original script. If you haven't read it already, I highly su"},{"Movie":"Beetlejuice","Title":"Lydia Deetz and the house ghost","Author":"Captain leon","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13033272","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Dedicated to Winona Laura Horowitz Winona Ryder as Lydia Deetz . . Disclaimer: this is a non-profit fanfiction that does not attempt to infringe the rights of those who have legal ownership of the franchises: Beetlejuice. . . LYDIA DEETZ AND THE HOUSE'S GHOST Chapter 1: Arrival at Winter River . I can feel the cold... I feel it expanding in my body with every beat of my heart, every beat that is slower and slower and slower... \"Can we keep him, Mommy?\" I hear a voice, and then... I feel a series of movements, I can't pinpoint the elapsed time, then the warmth embraces my body and I feel my body come back to life. I open my eyes and see a beautiful nine-year-old girl holding me tenderly and feeding me a bottle. \"Charles, look at the pretty little thing Lydia brought,\" says the woman who seems to be the mother. \"Now I don't have time Evelyn, I have a victim, I mean client to meet me,\" the man barks and then comes out the door. \"What name shall we call it, Mom?\" the girl asks. \"What about Percy?\" . . I open my eyes and realize that I was dreaming of the time when my \"mistress\" Lydia rescued me from freezing to death, because I was left in a crate like garbage and in a torrential rain. And yes, I call it \"mistress\", because without her I wouldn't have survived, and even if this bothers other cats (cats consider humans as their possession), I don't care. Evelyn's death affected Lydia very much, taking her for years, phase after phase of rebel phase, the last one was a \"death rocker\", but now it's \"Gothic\", and I don't think it will change, since she reached the maturity necessary to say that her appearance is not the product of a whim, but it's her own way of being, which is her lifestyle (yes, Lydia is much more mature than other girls her age). Charles, who is a workaholic, didn't worry too much about the rebellious phases of Lydia, but seeing that my mistress was interested in the Gothic, he thought his daughter needed the presence of a mother. This meant that Charles had more hours to devote to his work and not to worry about the rest. Curiously, he chose an extravagant woman named Delia as his companion, who with her \"artistic skills\" and snobbish personality brought Charles to the brink of a nervous breakdown. Delia did not take very well the fact that her husband decided to move to a small town called Winter River, but in the end she agreed, provided that she was in charge of decorating the future house and that she would continue with her works of art. As for Lydia, she had no problem moving, after all there was nothing to tie her to New York, since she had no friends... Oh, how many nights of lonely crying!, but I was always there to comfort her. \"I swear I will protect Lydia, and I won't let anything bad happen to her\" I howled with all my might, seeing her worried face as she realized the arrival of the huge moving truck. \"Do you think I'll do better in Winter River than in this place, Percy?\" Lydia asked me. Her concern was based on the fact that she would go to a place that was certainly more conservative than the city and therefore her appearance would be more questioned. I rubbed my head against her hand and purring away her fears. . . When we arrived at Winter River, the sensations that flooded all my senses were so strong, that I was sure that even the Deetz family would feel them (the humans woefully, do not develop their senses much), the air much cleaner, the various aromas coming from fresh and pure vegetation, the sounds of different animals (especially birds), a whole range of new sensations. And then I saw the Victorian-style house, beautiful, but I felt that something supernatural was hiding in it and began to hiss loudly as I began to arch my body and the hairs on my body stood up. I would have liked to explore the house on the spot, but I was locked in my cage. I saw the men of the move carry a long black sofa and sitting on it, my mistress, who had a camera (she wants to be a photographer after graduating from school). After a moment I hear a car stop abruptly and a fat man comes out of it, instead of heading for the entrance to the house, he decides to enter through a window! After meowing for a while, my mistress comes to the cage and sets me free. I rush out into the house and try to locate the source of the supernatural presence. \"Sniffing magic\" is a power that cats can develop to detect magic in a certain place or object and even people. \"The attic,\" I think, and I immediately raise the steps that lead me to the fountain of strange presence. My doubts are confirmed by hearing voices of the ultratomb across the room. It's a shame I can't get through and I decide to stand guard in the stands. After a few minutes, I see Lydia climbing upstairs, she has a stiff face and her eyes wide open, and she holds a key. She tries to open the door but I hear someone or something that keeps my mistress from getting into the place. Together we try to listen to what happens in the room without success because of the thickness of the door. \"Percy, I heard that the previous owners of the house drowned, and a moment ago I saw the silhouette of two people in the attic, surely they are the ghosts of those people!\" My mistress told me very excited because she loved all things related to the supernatural. I'm not at all surprised that my mistress has been able to see ghosts in the house, she's not just an ordinary teenager, she was born just one Halloween day and has magical powers that made her different and at the same time special to others. She can see the aura not only of people, but also of other living beings including trees, she can also communicate with ghosts and her predictions with the tarot are never wrong. This last very admirable thing since I knew that the only way in which the predictions of the tarot had certainty, was in the antiquity of the cards, which should be at least one hundred years old, while the deck of cards of the tarot of my mistress, were of her own creation and design. The latter was taught to me by a female cat one year that I went with the Deetz family to Washington DC, to see the National Cherry Festival in that city, she taught me that the magic of a cat was concentrated in her tail, something curious because she was of the Japanese Rabon race, a breed of cats with almost no tail. However, she possessed a lot of magical knowledge and could perform magic using her front legs. I would have liked to know more about magic, but the Deetz stayed only a couple of days and I chose to return with my mistress to New York... I wonder what would become of Ayanami sensei. My thoughts were interrupted by a strong green light coming out under the door and the keyhole. The green was fighting furiously to overcome the white face of my mistress, when suddenly everything stopped. There was no green light in the room and Lydia tried again to open the door, but it was unsuccessful. \"I can't open it Percy, not even with the help of the house's master key,\" my mistress told me. Apparently the ghosts had obstructed the door lock, but I had a plan. My mistress was called by her parents to help with the move, so I took advantage of that opportunity to leave the house and make my plan. Near the house I found a white rabbit, the biggest I've ever seen in my life, this one was under the wooden fence of the house, I jumped to land on top of it and then, I jumped on the rabbit sinking my fangs right in the back of his head. The snowy giant tried to jump, but could only move his legs spasmodically because his brain had already resented the damage and only advanced one millimeter before he died. I can't deny that I felt sorry for it because I prefer to talk friendly with the rabbits rather than eat them, but time was of the essence, my mistress would surely try to open the attic door again and I had to make sure that there was no danger in that place. I had to go in first and see if there was any danger or not! Carrying the rabbit up to the attic door was a problem because of the army of humans who hired Delia to refurbish the house (stupid woman, I'm sure Charles will have a heart attack sooner rather than later), but every time someone saw me I would simply disappear from their sight when they blinked, thanks to the use of \"Hide in Plain Sight\". How I love magic! Once in front of the door I performed the ritual and could slide under it as if it were the simplest thing in the world. I hastened my search for the room and with \"Sniffing Magic\" I found that any ghost who had been there had escaped, I could only find a book of ancient and careless bearing from which emanated some magic, not too much, no matter what contained the book would not expose my mistress to any danger, of course I was still somewhat suspicious. Cats can't read, we only understand basic drawings that indicate things like restaurant, men's bathroom, women's bathroom, working men, poison danger! (this last one is very important to recognize), etc. I thought it would be best to get rid of the book, just in case, but then I listened to my mistress's footsteps and I had no choice but to leave the room, as I knew that if I performed my magic in front of Lydia, she would not be deceived and would discover me. Not that I didn't trust Lydia, but we cats like to keep our \"aura of mystery\", although of course this was getting harder and harder because i was supposed to be an old cat, but somehow I was still young. I left just in time meowing \"Nya\" like the good kitty cat that I am and I received the caresses of my mistress. Were you doing surveillance Percy? what a good kitty cat you are,\" she told me, stroking my head and I purred her very happily and looking at her with the most innocent eyes I could put. My mistress introduced a couple of screwdrivers and with a bit of a knack opened the door. I was somewhat displeased but at the same time proud of the easy way she opened the door. \"Come on Percy,\" she said, \"I'll protect you.\" We entered the room cautiously, my somewhat timid mistress at first was astonished to see the enormous scale model of the village and all the fear vanished from her. Then she saw the book and muttered to herself: \"Handbook for the Recently Deceased.\" TO BE CONTINUE... . . Hello, this fanfic takes several sources from the Beetlejuice Universe: the film, the cartoon, the incomplete Manga of Midori Mizurashi (The witch of peaceful pines) I also take as a source the RPG: CAT by John Wick and some cat powers from CLASES DE CHICAS GATO website. At first I wanted to make a fanfiction of no more than 600 words, I don't know how it turned out so much. I also wanted Percy the cat to befriend the Maitlands, the latter also got out of control. This fanfic was translated from Spanish into English using the DeepL program, and my knowledge of English. Forgive any grammatical and punctuation errors. . . Lydia Deetz and the house´s ghost Original tittle: Un gato contra un fantasma[Chapter 2] Dedicated to Winona Laura Horowitz Winona Ryder as Lydia Deetz Lydia Deetz and the house´s ghost Chapter 2: The Maitlands Several weeks passed and my mistress was immersed in reading the strange manual, I lost count of how many times Lydia had already reread it from beginning to end. However, the amount of information in the book was incredible, it was the Grail!, the Necronomicon of the occult world! and best of all, it was authentic! However, no matter how much I listened to my mistress with all the attention and concentration possible whenever she reread the manual aloud in her room, I didn't understand almost anything, even she with how intelligent she was (she liked to read), she just understood every aspect of the book at the second reading of it. Change of coordinates, latitudes and longitudes each time the soul of people tele-transported from one place to another, or when they passed through a particular geographical area, etc., etc., etc. Understandable reading only for someone dedicated to theoretical physics as my mistress told me. And the most frustrating thing of all, whoever wrote the manual, did it in such a way that they seemed to think: \"let's write a manual of what happens after death, but let's make it as complicated as possible\", since the manual didn't seem to have a basic structure or \"skeleton\" at the time of its writing, lacking footnotes, summaries, indexes,\"facts\" of any kind or any other help for readers that any book is supposed to have. At first I was a little restless about the book, but then I was thankful that my mistress was obsessed with the manual, since it was surely this one that kept her sane. The noise in reconstructing the house was insufferable, and when that work was finished, Delia devoted herself to creating her works of art, which involved the same noise and nuisance. The woman thought she would be the cultural center of the village, but the exhibitions of her artwork were the mockery of the locals. My mistress as her insufferable stepmother have a macabre taste for art, but the artistic aesthetics of my mistress is Gothic and elegant, while Delia's is \"modern and contemporary\" as Lydia says, and in spite of it she was the laughingstock of the \"Miss Shannon Girls' School\" (which was in the upper class area of town called Peaceful Pines) from day one. Somehow (suspected by magic), my mistress had managed to make her room not be decorated by Delia or Charles and look like the dreamy little house of Barbie or the sweethearts. For my part, after a couple of days I again felt the sensation that a strange presence was hanging over the house. Fortunately, a few rooms of the house did not suffer Delia's artistic intrusion, among them the attic (again I suspect the use of magic by Lydia), it is unfortunate that my mistress had this room locked for most of the time, so I had to resort to extreme measures, suffice it to say, that the local population of rodents (no longer rabbits, only mice and rats) decreased in numbers (it was either that or to kill also birds and fish of the place). This time the supernatural energy source came from the impressive model of the village, but every time I jumped on it, the strange presence disappeared, even using my \"Sneak\" magic, which allowed me to walk on people or animals without disturbing their sleep. Whatever was circling the model were not the ghosts of the previous owners, no, it was something more cunning and evil. I had to neglect my mistress several hours a day and stand guard in place, always attentive and with my tail moving nervously from side to side (unlike dogs, we cats move our tails from side to side when we are upset). I guess during those hours when I was absent, Lydia used magic from the supernatural manual to protect the privacy of her room and attic. The only thing I could find was an old steering wheel underneath a broken piece of furniture, I couldn't read it, I only saw the strange figure of a creature, it looked like an anthropomorphic beetle. I was exhausted from several nights of vigil, so I went to my mistress' room to take a break. The Gothic decoration of the room was not to his parents' liking, but I must admit that it was comforting to assume personal contemplation or of any other nature and then give in to sleep. I only slept for a few minutes as I was woken up by blows and discovered that my mistress screams in anger. \"Cut it out, there are children present!\" My mistress holds her camera with determination and leaves the room. What happened afterwards was so absurd that I could not react properly. Ghosts! Ghosts making ridiculous howls and covering themselves with sheets. All my senses were disconnected except the sight. Only when my mistress approached the ghosts without showing any fear, I could react, I began to move forward with a little hissing. \"The night of those who!\" cried a man's ghost as he took off the sheet covering it. \"It's a horror movie,\" said my mistress, then the other ghost took off the sheets and turned out to be the ghost of a woman. Would the ghosts of the previous owners be, however they didn't emanate an evil aura or else my mistress would detect it. \"At your age a ghost would have frightened me,\" said the ghost woman strangely. \"Can you see us without the sheets?\" the ghost asked her. \"Yes, I can do it,\" said my master. \"And how can you do that?\" the ghost interrogated her again. \"I read the \"Manual of the Recent Deceased\", it says: \"The living ignore the rare and unusual\", I myself am strange and unusual\" claims my mistress with a disturbing tranquillity. In order not to be discovered by Delia or Charles, they decide to go up to the attic, I of course accompany them. Lydia tries to break the ice by praising the work that the ghost man did with the model and the good choice of wallpaper that made the ghost woman. My mistress is very clever, she did an investigation about the previous owners of the house and found out their tastes and so on. Both ghosts were the Maitlands, the man's name was Adam, and the woman was Barbara. It turns out that the ghosts hated the way Delia destroyed the interior decoration and replaced the rural furniture that they loved so much, and accepted with boldness that they wanted to expel the Deetz. Charles called my mistress, and she told them that if they wanted to expel her family, they would have to think of something else than cover themselves with sheets, and she said goodbye with a smile because of the absurd concept of ghosts disguised with sheets. \"And you kitten, will you help us too?\" Adam said to me in a joking tone. \"Never more,\" I said. The ghosts jumped out of fear, as cats aren't supposed to talk. \"The cat speaks Adam!\" Barbara shouted, holding tightly to the man's arm. \"Can you understand us?\" Adam asked. \"Never more\" I replied amusingly, trying to torture them in the same way as Alan Poe's The Raven (My mistress is a Poe fanatic). The ghosts kept trying to communicate with me and I kept responding to them in the same way over and over again. I wanted to play the game until they got mad, but the ridiculousness of the situation won me over, and in the end I couldn't stand the laughter. \"My ribs are going to break, stop putting on those faces! You're killing me...\" \"Hey, you can speak correctly,\" cried Adam between angry and perplexed. I cleared my throat to let the laughter go. \"Of course I can speak and fluid, I am not a foolish dog\" I said looking at them with the most severe look I could give them. \"Oh, we're sorry,\" said Barbara, \"we've never seen a cat talk before... And what's the name.\" \"You mean \"what is YOUR name,\" ghost woman,\" I replied petulantly. \"Hey, My wife has a name and so do I,\" said Adam. \"I don't care what you're called, for me you're ghost man and she's ghost woman, that's enough,\" I said rudely. \"I don't give a damn about Delia and Charles Deetz, but they are MY humans, they belong only to me, they are nobody else's, and I won't let a bunch of lame phantoms try to drive the Deetz out of this house. Besides, my mistress Lydia is comfortable in this place and that's all I'm interested in.\" Adam was furious, but Barbara tried to calm the situation down. \"How is Lydia your mistress and not the Deetz?\" She asked me. \"The cats have no owner, it is the humans who belong to us, and Miss Lydia, well, she is a noble exception to the rule, and I would ask you and the ghost man to stop calling her so casually, you must tell her \"Miss Lydia\" or \"Mistress Lydia\", you can tell me \" Noble keeper Percy\"\" I ordered them with a sarcastic smile. \"Oh, I see,\" said Barbara, frowning her eyebrows and then going forward to Adam, she grabbed me from behind the neck and lifted me up to her face. \"Now you listen to me, you arrogant bastard! You either fix that attitude or I swear to you... Ouch! Adam he scratched me!\" As I fell to the ground, I arched my body and began to hiss menacingly. The ghosts were frightened, seeing that their bodies could be wounded. \"Listen well ectoplasm snacks, now you are simple ghosts lacking all rights, or line up or you will find out what it feels like to come out for my damned rectum,\" I said, with the most threatening tone of voice possible. I immediately erected all the hairs on my body, they went to the ceiling and fell down again with force to the floor, nailing themselves into it as if they were metal needles thrown from the roof of a building of more than one hundred floors. The ghosts, seeing themselves in this deadly rain, ran frightened to a wall that opened and disappeared over there. You may believe that a cat (even one with magical powers) might not be a threat to two adult ghosts, but in reality cats are accustomed to fighting and devouring evil entities (boggins) that threaten the psychological health of our humans. I also remembered the passage my mistress read in the manual and clearly stated that if cats and ghosts shared the house, the cat had complete and absolute power to decide whether or not the ghosts stayed in the house. \"Good thing it worked,\" I thought to myself. \"It's not good to use\" Rain of Needles \", since it's useless, almost all \"needles\" never hit the target, it's just only good to scare.\" Lydia was surprised that the ghosts weren't in the house the next day, but she couldn't do much because she had to help her stepmother for a dinner she was preparing for guests coming from New York. To be continue... This fanfic was translated from Spanish into English using the DeepL program, and my knowledge of English. Forgive any grammatical and punctuation errors.[Chapter 3] Dedicated to Winona Laura Horowitz Winona Ryder as Lydia Deetz . . LYDIA DEETZ AND THE HOUSE'S GHOST Chapter 3: Beetlejuice . After the dinner, which went on without a hitch, I became very nervous, I knew that my mistress would try to enter the \"No World\", to look for the ghosts and if she found out how they were expelled from the house... I felt guilty, I recognized that I behaved like a real jerk, but those ghosts wanted to evict my mistress from her house, besides, I sensed that they were stupid enough to invoke something dangerous to do the dirty work for them, a real danger as the manual indicated. I thought of going to the \"No World\", but the passage of time was so different in that place that I discarded the idea. In that, an old woman appeared out of nowhere. I jumped up and down with a great leap of fright, I may have fought with evil entities but I never saw anyone appear out of nowhere instantly. \"Are you Mr. Percy?\" a woman so old as to look like she was about to fall apart, asked. Yes, I'm Percy. \"A pleasure, my name is Juno and I am in charge of the Department of Non Permanent Accommodation and Relations Between the No World and the World, I come to talk to you about the Maitlands... I heard that they were evicted from this house, a house they should live in for at least three hundred years before relocating them to No World.\" I swallowed saliva and began to apologize, fortunately Juno, although annoyed, respected the rules that gave me the power to expel the Maitlands. It turns out that the ghosts broke several rules, such as trying to scare away the living residents of the house, leaving the manual behind, and the fact that as they themselves confessed, they were tempted to invoke a dangerous entity to scare away the Deetz. The latter was what led Juno to decide that the Maitlands should be relocated to another house. I was relieved and asked Juno to stop Lydia from meeting the Maitlands. She assured me that with the level of magic she possessed at the moment it would be impossible for her to enter No World, not without the help of some ghost and they all knew that was forbidden. There was only one problem, Lydia had to hand over the manual, there was no choice I had to leave my ordinary cat mask and let Lydia know that I had magical powers and could talk to her. \"Well, since everything is decided, I ask you to accompany me to No World at this moment.\" \"I can't go there, time is running oddly in that place, what would seem to me a moment, surely it would be quite a while here.\" \"I'm afraid there is no alternative, when you decided that the Maitlands should vacate the house, I had to deal with a lot of paperwork, paperwork that I want you to read before signing.\" \"But I don't know how to read.\" \"Don't worry about that, now come with me because I don't have much time.\" A light seemed to envelop me and suddenly I found myself in No World, in fact to be more specific, in Juno's office. The office could be defined as \"organized chaos\", piles of paper rows piled up in the corners. Juno told me to jump on a table on the side of which there was a row of documents that I was supposed to read and sign. \"Please use this,\" she pointed out to me, then she put me on a kind of helmet that looked more like an old-fashioned scuba suit. The contraption was very uncomfortable, but I discovered that when I looked at a document, inside the helmet I could clearly hear a voice as if the documents were read to me. At first I thought about the absurdity of the situation, as someone might well read the document for me, but I discovered that the helmet made me fully understand all the legal terminology and didn't need to ask any questions, which saved me a lot of time. I read as quickly as possible and signed each of the damn papers, well actually I just stamped my footprint on them. \"Well that's it, remember that now you only have the issue of the manual pending.\" \"Do I have to deliver it to you in No World?\" -Not necessary, just leave the manual in the attic by tonight. \"Okay...\" I didn't finish talking and I was instantly transported home. I found myself somewhat displeased, but at the same time I thanked the quick dispatch because I was worried about how long it had been. It seemed like night and at that time I heard music, it seemed to be a wedding march. I ran into the room and discovered that part of it had been transformed into a kind of altar where there was what seemed to be a little zombie priest, and in front of him was a whitish-faced guy with an outlandish tuxedo and beside him... My mistress!, she was wearing a red bridal gown. Both Delia and Charles were imprisoned by Delia's enormous sculptures. The situation was urgent, after the fight with the Maitlands, I had not been able to sleep the eight hours necessary to regain my magic level. \"Let her go!\" I cried with all my might. At that moment my mistress turned to see who had shouted but she didn't notice that I was the one who did it, so she continued scanning the entire room with her eyesight, so I decided to approach where she was, it's a shame that the ghost understood that it was I who shouted. \"Fucking cat, get out of here!\" he shouted, and with a gesture of his hand he sent me flying across the room to the wall. \"Percy! Don't hurt him\" I heard my mistress pleading with him, that angered me, she should never beg for anything, for nothing! I got up and ran towards the ghost, leaping at the last minute and dodging another magical shock that would have thrown me against the wall. \"Freak, say goodbye to your eyes!\" I shouted angrily as I approached to his face and scratched the whole face trying to blind him with my sharp claws. The ghost cried out in pain but grabbed me with his hands and threw me into the display cabinet, so I crashed, smashing all the glassware. My mistress was shocked to see that I could speak, but she recovered quickly and tried to run towards me, but the ghost stopped her. \"That's what you get out of fighting with the \"super ghost\"\" he laughed, but then I jumped on one of the furniture in the living room to look him in the eye and said, \"You may be the super ghost, but you're still going to hell.\" \"Say his name three times, it's Beetle…\" tried to say my mistress, but the ghost covered her mouth with his hand. I ran towards the ghost, but he brought the other sculptures in the room to life and placed them among us. I dodged the attempts of the sculptures to catch me and jumped into his face, blinding him from the left eye. \"Fucking cat, give me back my eye!\" he shouted, as he turned to look at me, covering the empty eye socket with both hands, while abundant blood drained from between his fingers. I looked at him proudly, and with one bite I swallowed his eye. \"¡NO!\" the monster shouted and with one hand outstretched he tried to approach me. \"Beetlejuice,\" I said in recalling the name of the evil entity that the Maitlands wanted to invoke, according to the documents in Juno's office. The ghost stopped dry and began to scream like a pig or mouse. \"Beetlejuice , Beetle...\" I was interrupted when Beetlejuice, waved and hissed something incomprehensible. I was instantly transported to a kind of desert of sick and yellowish sands. My surprise lasted very little, because immediately my whole body resented, the magical energy of the place was not ordered but ran chaotic without control. Every fiber of my body was screaming for me to leave that place, I felt every hair of my coat cracking. I cursed my stupidity, swallowing Beetlejuice's eye might have looked great, but it didn't allow me to say the ghost's name quickly. I looked around and strange planets could be seen incredibly close to that place, ochre-colored rock pillars were worn out by the force of erosion, I couldn't see much more because a roar that seemed to have come from an underground source caught my attention. I could see the fin of a shark in the sand, which was moving at a rapid pace between the low sand dunes. All my fur was riddled with fear, thinking that from the sand would emerge a shark willing to eat me, but what emerged was a thousand times worse... A kind of sea serpent (although we were in the desert) emerged from the sands, his skin looked hard and rough, with white and black stripes that ran through his body like rings and red eyes devoid of life. The monster unfolded more horror in front of me as him opened its jaws and discovered that from them the true head was emerging, a sickly white color and sharp teeth. The monster looked at me menacingly and emitted a colossal roar. Somehow it seemed to me that my mind reactivated primordial, archetypal memories of that creature, as if my species had to fight back against such abominations. I was paralyzed by fear, but then Lydia's smiling face appeared in my mind and all doubt and fear vanished... . . \"And you decides to take this woman to be your wife,\" the somber priest said solemnly. \"I accept,\" said Beetlejuice, who was initially thinking of making a comic scene, but in the face of the eye pain he preferred to go ahead. \"And you, Lydia, decide to take this...\" \"NO,\" shouted Lydia, \"Beetl...\" She tried to say the name of the ghost, but he covered her mouth. \"You see, the bride is nervous, so I will speak for her: Yes I am Lydia Deetz, you ask me and I answer, yes I love this man with madness. Lydia was outraged by the phantom's ventriloquist trick. \"And now I pronounce you husband and...\" A strong jolt shook the entire house and the ceiling of the room collapsed due to nothing less than a \"sandworm\". I was riding the monster, but I felt so different. The sandworm opened the jaws and in one bite swallowed Beetlejuice, piercing the floor of the room and disappearing through the basement... I was so tired but I tried to get up and saw my mistress and the Deetzes, looking at me with their eyes wide open, I ran towards Lydia and held her tightly. \"My mistress, my mistress... I was so scared!\" I began to cry loudly as I embraced her. I didn't realize that now my limbs and body were not those of a cat, but those of a human. I kept crying and finally Lydia hugged me with one hand on my back and the back of my neck with the other, while she stroked my head with her cheek. \"Don't worry everything will be all right, you'll see\" she whispered to me as she smiled gently. The Deetz's surprise was capital when Beetlejuice appeared before them, it turns out that Otto had all the guilt of it all (he had rudimentary paranormal powers, so Beetlejuice was able to communicate with him), who believed in the false promises of wealth that the ghost had told him and was foolish enough to pronounce his name three times. No one knows what happened to him, although Charles said that for a second he saw Otto turned into a sweetheart and then vanished in the blink of an eye. But the biggest surprise (apart from the sandworm, which mysteriously disappeared), was the fact that I had acquired a human form, well almost human, as I retained my ears and cat's tail, fortunately no other feline characteristic appeared in my person, did not have the eyes or nose of a cat, did not have moustaches, or cat's feet, not even small parts of my body covered with hair, except the head, even though humans call that hair. . Lydia had to go to school, and even though I wanted to accompany her (since I was apparently the same age as my mistress), the Deetz told me that it would be too complicated so they ordered me to stay at home. Every time my mistress came back from school, she would teach me how to read and do basic operations in arithmetic and other basic knowledge of various subjects. My favorite subject was always Universal History, I didn't know that humans went through so much, maybe I was underestimating them too much and decided that from that moment on I would take a more humble attitude towards my environment and my relationship with others. But what I liked the most was that now I could take care of my mistress not only of the supernatural dangers, but also of the most real ones, because in my cat form I couldn't do too much. Just as my mistress instructed me in human knowledge, I told her everything I knew about the magical world of cats, I would have liked to tell her more but my knowledge was very limited. Ah, I forgot that Juno became fierce when the existence of the No World was revealed to the Deetz, but then she calmed down when she learned of Beetlejuice's \"definite death\", of course she ordered the Deetz to keep the secret under pain that something really unpleasant would happen to them if they disobeyed. As for my mistress, Juno received Lydia's offer to write a new version of the manual in a good way, apparently no one had offered themselves simply because they were shy! \"And when you will stop calling me mistress,\" said Lydia, after a few days, as she looked at me with a look that I had not seen before. \"I don't know if I can get used to calling you by your name,\" I said with my eyes lowering a little (why was I so nervous?). These last few days I'd become increasingly aware of Lydia's appearance. When I was a cat, I didn't quite understand the concept of human beauty, but now I noticed how beautiful my mistress was, with a hair as black as the wings of the darkest of crows, a skin as white as the purest snow, eyes so black that one could see the universe in them and a smile so beautiful that it rivaled the very blossoming cherry blossoms... \"No matter how much you have changed, you will always be MY Percy,\" she said as she held my hand and stared at me. \"And no matter what decision you make, I will always be proud of you and will be by your side forever and ever Lydia,\" I replied, knowing that my words were not only a reflection of the loyalty I owed her for having rescued me from the cold and death, but that there was something warmer and deeper than just friendship that I felt for her, something much more important than just friendship. Now I knew it, that even if I was surrounded by darkness, cold or rain, while she was at my side I could always smile and at the same time protect her smile... The end ","Summary":" Dedicated to Winona Laura Horowitz Winona Ryder as Lydia Deetz . . Disclaimer: this is a non-profit"},{"Movie":"Charlie's Angels: The Movie","Title":"Better Left Forgot","Author":"AthenBlade","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/1909431","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Better Left Forgot (AN: Seamus is not always going to be as intense as he is in this firstnchapter. You have to remember he has been harboring his hate and regretsnfor eight years and they are in the middle of a fight. And also remembernthese are his thought in here and at times people's thoughts are verynirrational: especially if you're Irish.) Things were going quite well for Seamus. Ok at the moment he was hangingnoff the side of the roof with a sword in his hand but he hadn't fallen andnthat was the high point of his situation. He had stabbed the freaky guy'snsword into the side of the building as he was kicked off the side. Nownthat he thought about it why the bloody hell did that pale Willard look-a-nlike come rushing in anyway? Wrenching one arm over the side of the wallnhe pulled himself over the edge. Seamus actually froze in surprise. Less than a foot away from him ThenFreak was kissing Helen. Like a 'stop-the-show-people-are-making-out-nmoment'. Where the bloody hell did that shit come from?! Last time henchecked they were in a fight. At that moment Helen let out a scream andnpulled back from The Freak. Seamus's hands tightened involuntarily intonfists. He looked down to find the sword still in his hands. A wicked grinnbroke across his face. 'Hell why not? He hadn't stabbed anyone in a while.' Seamus thoughtnflipping the sword over in his hand. 'Enough of this weirdness.' Lookingnup Seamus noticed that the two had pulled apart and The Freak was mutteringnsomething. In one quick twist Seamus dove the sword in the area of ThenFreak's heart. Instantly Seamus heard Helen's scream; slightly surprisingncause Seamus had been expecting some sore of noise from The Freak. But thensecond he heard her scream he liked hearing that one more. Her scream wasnfilled with utter despair, pain, and loss that Seamus had been feeling fornEIGHT FREAKING YEARS! Maybe it was the sword or maybe it was all his memories of the high schoolnHelen but either way he couldn't resist. \"Mind if I cut in Helen?\" His words seemed to sink right into her. Shenwas listening to him like she had never listened to anyone in her life.nAnd his words sent pure fear into her eyes. In her stilled moment ofnweakness Seamus launched at her picking her right off her feet. She wasnweightless too him; so completely so that it was nothing for him to tossnher straight off the side of the building. He only underestimated how FARnhe could throw her. Apparently she was light enough fly right into thengigantic 'E' that she had dropped off of earlier. Which brought to mindnthe question: 'Why did he drop the shotgun to catch her when she fell off the sign?' At the moment he couldn't be bothered with these thoughts. He was where henwanted to be for eight years. Everything he had been feeling and wantingnand needing was finally coming to an end. And it would end with Helen. Henreally couldn't take her being in the world not after his had been stolennfrom him. Things had to end now. Jumping on to the metal 'E' Seamus whipped out Helen's own lighter. AndnHelen was still hanging on; poor stupid girl. Bending down over her henlight the lighter and without his knowing really why he started laughing.nIt was an amused evil laugh that Seamus really didn't know where was comingnfrom. But with each laugh he was releasing some inner weight that he neverncould get rid of. And it just felt so good to be living again. Not that Helen really had that opinion. Seamus held the lighter a breath away form her fingers letting the heat andnlicking of the flames forcing her to let go of her metallic lifeline. Hisneyes were focused on her hands watching for that instant of release. Butnjust inside his rang of vision he could see her eyes. She was fighting thenpain trying to hold on. She didn't want to fall and in some strange remotenpart of her eyes she was asking him to stop. \"Seamus...\" Helen whispered. Seamus pulled the lighter away for an instantnand looked at her, really looked at her. It was the same face, same eyes,nhe had fallen in love with so long ago. And at that moment he would havengiven anything for them to go back in time. Anything to have Helen back,nnot this knew toughened Dylan, but his Helen. \"I loved you Helen, and you destroyed me.\" Seamus said bitterly. In thatnmoment Seamus jabbed the lighter back at her hands. And in that samenmoment Helen let go. Seamus was frozen in place watching as she grewnsmaller and farther away from him until... He looked away as fast as he could. He could have sworn he heard thenimpact but that was impossible. But was she there? Did she really justndie at his hands? Was everything he had been hoping for and dreading allnthis time done? Was the last person he had ever truly loved dead? He had to know. Seamus jumped off the E jarring it from its place. Almost the second hisnfoot was off the letter it fell. Seamus continued running for the stairsnfighting even as every fiber of his being to not run back to the edge tonlook. He grabbed two of his mates and punched through the doors at topnspeed. All he could think of was Helen crushed under the weight of that E.n Her blood seeping from her head her, eyes open staring blankly into space. Seamus was half way down the building before he heard the explosion. Thenwhole building rocked under his feet to miss a few of the steps. Seamusnwas on his feet the first, not missing a beat. He didn't care if thenentire world fell down around him as long as he made sure Helen was dead. A few minutes later Seamus was down the stairs and out the front door ofnthe theater. There was a large crowed gather around the front of thenbuilding. It took two seconds to realize that there were cops in thencrowd. Seamus and his mates intently slowed down. Seamus slipped into thencrowd of people trying to get to the side of the theater. As he worked hisnway as fast as possible he noticed that the crowd was getting thicker. When Seamus reached the alley he saw why. The roof was on fire and therenwas a fire truck and ambulance blocking the alleyway. Cops were swarmingnall over the place. Seamus was blown away. 'How the bloody hell did theynget here so fast?' Then it hit him, there was a FBI bust going on and highnprofile movie premiere going on, of coarse there was going to be extra copsnaround. Seamus snagged the sleeve of the nearest bystander. \"What's going on?\" Seamus demanded. \"Someone set a bomb off on the roof. The explosion sent people flyingneverywhere. If it hadn't been for all the cops in the area they would havenbeen to late.\" The man motioned vaguely towards the alleyway. Seamus'snhead snapped around. Helen was alive. She had been strapped onto a gurney and was headed towardnthe ambulance. Her eyes were closed, her hair bloody, and she wasn'tnmoving. He wasn't fooled though, if they medical people were moving herninto the van without a sheet over her head she was alive. Seamus wasnbeyond livid. He couldn't even finish the job with so many police around.nHe checked the name on the ambulance. \"Come on boyo were going to St. Ann Marmoreal.\" Seamus muttered. 1 hour later Seamus and two of his mates stood waiting in the emergency room of St. AnnnMarmoreal. They weren't waiting out of concern but waiting for the rightnmoment to strike. While the police didn't know enough about what was goingnon to place a guard at her door but there was still doctors running in andnout of the room. There was also an uniformed cop waiting down the hall fornher statement. Seamus was having a hard time thinking of a way to get tonHelen before she spoke to the police. He didn't want to make that mistakenagain. Seamus narrowed his eyes as the doctor came out into Helen's room. Henmotioned to the police officer. The cop got up and motioned to the room.nThe doctor shook his head and talked a bit more with the cop. The officernnodded flipped closed his little notebook and he and the doctor walked awayntowards the cafeteria. Seamus frowned. \"Ok lets go.\" Seamus said heading for her room. \"Stay outside while I donthis. If anyone comes by say you're family.\" And with that he pushedninside. The shades were open and the lights were dimmed so the brightest light cannfrom under the bathroom door. Seamus stopped to listening to see if anyonenwas in there. Not hearing anything he moved closer to the bed. His wholenbody was tense but determined. Taking a deep breath through his nose hengrabbed hold of the bedside curtain. \"Seamus!\" Seamus spun around so fast he almost fell. He instantly tensed into anfighting stance at the sound of Helen's voice. And sure enough it was hernstanding in the silhouetted in the bathroom doorway. \"Oh thank god it is you!\" She ran across the room and threw her armsnaround his neck. Seamus was frozen solid with shock. \"I don't now what'sngoing on.\" She sobbed into his neck. \"Neither do I.\" Seamus said still completely dumbfounded. \"I went to sleep last night and I woke up here. Everything is sondifferent, I mean LOOK AT ME!\" She pulled away and Seamus could see tearsnin her eyes. Her long red hair had been washed and a perfectly whitenbandage was wrapped around her head. \"What happened to your hair?\" She asked a looked of confusion on hernface. Seamus looked long and hard at her. Very slowly Seamus reachednbehind for the clipboard hanging on the end of the hospital bed. Withoutntaking his eyes off Helen he pulled the board in front him. With onenlonger look at her he looked down. Three words stood out to Seamus in big bold glowing letters. Helen Zzas.... ...Amnesia. (AN: Just to let new readers now I base the past of all Seamus and Helennstories on the other story I'm writing right now. It's called When Seamusnmet Helen. I'll try not to give away to many past incidents till theynhappen in the other story. Anyway tell me if you want me to keep writingnon this story or not. I have like 4 other stories I'm writing so the storynwith the most reviews per chapter is the one I'll work on. So getncracking.)[Chapter 2] Chapter 2 A Step Away from Ordinary Seamus was having a very hard time breathing. His hands had tightened so hard around the clipboard the wood was digging into the bone. All he could see were those three words staring back at him. \"What exactly is the last thing you remember?\" Seamus said quietly. \"I watched TV, got ready for bed, put your present in my backpack, and went to bed.\" Helen said thinking out loud. Seamus looked carefully at her with out tilting his head up. \"What present?\" \"The one for our six month anniversary. And no, I don't care what going on, you don't get to know what it is.\" Helen said crossing her arms in front of her. Seamus almost fell to the ground. The last day she remembered was the night before Seamus had shot Jimmy DelAngo. \"He, he, he.\" Seamus crooked turning away from her and tossing the clipboard against a wall. \"Oh, I don't get to know what my present is! He, he, he OH SHIT!\" Seamus hissed punching into the wall. \"Seamus what's going on?\" Helen asked stepping closer to him. Seamus pulled away but turn to face her. \"Helen...you have amnesia. Our six-month anniversary was 8 years ago.\" Seamus explained slowly. Helen stared at him. \"That impossible. I would now if I have amnesia.\" Helen said. \"Helen look at me.\" Seamus said holding up his arms. \"Find any newspaper, turn on any show, hell even the TV guide will tell you. You have amnesia. Trust me no one is more sorry than me.\" Seamus watched as the information sunk in. She looked confused at first, then this slow look of dread started to take hold, and then that look of knowing. \"No.\" Seamus barely heard her. Her hands came up to hide her face even as her knees started to give way from under her. He caught her by the shoulders before she fell all the way. \"Helen listen to me, LISTEN TO ME.\" Seamus said shaking her. She peeked out from behind her hands. \"Helen you have to tell me, are you sure that that's last thing you remember?\" \"Yes! Why would I lie to you about that?\" Helen asked close to crying. \"Seamus, Kervin says that the cop's coming back.\" Both Seamus and Helen spun to see who had spoken. In the doorway was the mate he had set as look out. Helen's eye opened in horror. \"A cop! Seamus you got to get me out of here.\" Helen begged. \"I don't know what's going on here but I do NOT want to see a cop.\" Seamus looked at her for a long moment. She could be faking. This could be a set up. And even if she was back to the Helen he'd known that could change any second now. He couldn't risk this. Hell he came in here to kill her anyway. But he couldn't have her talking to the police. If she even mentioned he had even been here he was screwed. \"Aden, tell Kervin to stall him. And bring the car around.\" Seamus said to the man in the doorway. He nodded and disappeared into the hallway. Seamus turned back to Helen. \"Thanks Seamus.\" Helen said. \"Helen listen. This hospital has cameras and I don't want it to look like I'm kidnapping you. So this is what we're going to do. I'm going to leave.\" Helen started to panic so he grabbed her again. \"Now listen to me! I want you to follow after me in 2 minutes. You will meet me at the women's bathroom just past the waiting room. Ok? Just wait there and I'll come and get you.\" Seamus told her. Helen nodded. She was shaking slightly but she seemed sure of herself. Seamus nodded and marched to the door. He stuck his head out to check for the cop but didn't see anything. He looked behind him to see Helen standing in the middle of the room staring after him. Before she could say anything he dove into the hallway and didn't stop walking till he reached the gift shop. He was forcing himself to breathe through his nose so that he wouldn't start gasping in the middle of the hospital. He couldn't stop thinking. 'What the bloody hell am I doing? Ok, ok, I'll just get her out of the hospital. I'll shoot her in the back of the head and it will be over. Shoot her? Shoot her? She wouldn't even know what the fuck I would be shooting her for! Why did this have to happen to me now!?' He banged his head against the wall. He hated this. He hated it more than prison and that was really saying something. He opened his eyes and took a deep breath. He stood up straight brushing himself off. 'I am not going to let this be a problem. She can't hurt me anymore; I won't let her. I'll find a way to end this and I can start living again. He turned and entered the doorway of the shop. With one hand he grabbed a charcoal colored sweat suit and with the other he grabbed a baseball cap. Seeing that no one was trying to stop him he turned and walked out of the store. He stood out side the women's bathroom and knocked on the door. He had his back to the wall but didn't have to look to know it was her that opened the door. He held the clothes out to her. \"Put them on and hurry it up.\" He said. He felt them pulled out of his hand and heard the door lock after her. He stared down the hall looking completely board but on the inside his heart was racing. He wanted to just shoot her and walk away and not have to deal with any of this anymore. But what was he going to do, he didn't have a gun. \"Can we get out of here now?\" Seamus turned his head to see her. Her red hair had been tucked under the hat, she had on the form fitting sweats (the sweat he hadn't known was form fitting at the time), and she was bare foot. Her makeup had been washed off but she still looked good. In this light he could just see a bruise blossoming on her right cheekbone where he'd hit her yesterday. He blinked quickly trying to clear his head. \"Yeah let's go.\" Seamus said grabbing her hand and leading the way to the front of the emergency room. He was careful to keep his head lowered so that the cameras wouldn't get a good shot of him. But looking at the floor forced him to realize how good Helen's hands felt. He hadn't noticed before because those hands had been punching him not more than two hours ago. It was smaller than his was, so smooth it felt like porcine and her nails longer than he remembered. And they felt manicured, which suddenly seemed ridiculous to him. She fought like no woman he had ever seen before. How could someone that good have perfect nails? 'She must get pretty pissed when she breaks one.' He thought silently laughing at the image. He pushed open the emergency doors open and broke into the cool LA air. He did slow down when he spotted the Monte Carlo at the end of the stairs. Aden was in the driver seat waiting for them. Seamus tapped on the window motioning for him roll it down. \"Get out of the car, you're not coming.\" Seamus ordered. Aden looked surprised but he didn't argue. He got out of the car not bothering to turn it off. \"Aden? Aden Rosalind?\" Helen asked. Aden looked startled but he nodded. \"I remember you. Seamus introduced us at the hospital a last week. Don't you remember?\" She sounded happy to find someone she knew. Aden looked confused. \"Seamus wasn't in LA two weeks ago.\" Aden said. Seamus stepped between them. \"Tell Kervin you two are staying here. See if any of the others made it and if they did stay here till they get out.\" Seamus said making sure he didn't speak loud enough for Helen to hear. Aden's eyes drifted to the ground but he nodded. Seamus pulled Helen around to the other side of the car, opened the door, and spun her into the passenger seat. Seamus closed the door after her and gave Aden a meaningful look over the hood of the car. \"And tell them to keep their mouths shut. That goes for you too by the way.\" Seamus said getting into the car. He didn't wait to see if Aden did as he asked Seamus just flew out of the hospital parking lot. Seamus felt tense, angry, and on edge. Every muscle in his body was taught. His grip on the wheel was so tight that is HATE tattoos stood out like glowing beacons against his white knuckles. He kept his eyes on the road ahead. It was taking all he had not to look at her, he was so afraid that if he looked he would never be able to look away. And all he would want to know is if it would really be his Helen he saw. \"I know this is a really bad time to say it but you look really good.\" Seamus snapped his head around to look at her. Helen wasn't looking at him. She had taken off the cap and long red hair skirted her shoulders. She had also removed the white bandages from her head and had her bare forehead pressed against the passenger side window looking out. She didn't even look like she had spoken at all. \"You're right, it is a bad time.\" Seamus said. He turned back to the road. He didn't know where he was going. The place he got yesterday would be the first place someone would look for him. Seamus was also sure that there would be people looking for him. If not the cops or Helen's friends, Seamus was sure his family would be searching him out after the stunt he pulled. Something suddenly caught his eye and he turned. The landmark had completely slipped his mind until he saw it. He was amazed that after 8 years he would recognize it at all. Helen sat straight up in her seat. \"It's still here.\" Helen whispered getting out of the car. Seamus kept the headlights on and got out of the car. (AN: This next part relies a lot on my other story 'When Seamus Met Helen'. Mainly the setting and who Seamus calls when the chips are down. It would make more sense if you read the other story. But there are things you wont understand and I did that so you would say interested in both stories.) Buildings in an empty parking lot surrounded them on all sides. And on each wall was a gorgeous mural. A deep changing forest caught just before dawn shifted under the lighting. As you looked little details came popping out of the vast green. And if you were to look closely you could just see a rocky coast through the trees. It had been Seamus's favorite place, and later Helen's. \"Stay here I need to think.\" Seamus said pulling out his cell phone and walking away from the car. Helen looked after him but stayed by the car. Seamus hit the power button and started to scroll down his phonebook. He didn't have many numbers so it didn't take him long to think of who to call. \"Hey Sherry it's me.\" Seamus said facing one of the walls. \"Hello Seamus.\" She paused. \"Is it over?\" \"I don't want to talk about it right now. I need a place to stay outside of the city though.\" Seamus said quickly side stepping the subject of Helen. He knew by the sound of her pause that he wasn't fooling her. \"Well I do own a house up the coast. I bought it with money not connected with the family so it's clean. I can have a jet fueled and waiting in 20 minutes. I can even set up a car to meet you there with the GPS programmed with the directions. I was going to go there after...things...settled down around here. But I know you need it more.\" \"Thanks Sherry.\" Seamus said 10 times more relived than before. \"No Seamus thank you. You will never know the depth of my gratitude.\" Sherry said quietly. Seamus stilled and stared blankly at the wall in front of him. \"I'm just so sorry that I ever went away.\" Seamus replied. Sherry didn't say anything and for a minute they shared a moment of silence for their stolen past. \"Well I have to go. If you need me call my cell not the landline at the house. Bye Sherry.\" \"Bye Seamus.\" She said just before hanging up. Seamus pressed the tiny button to turn it off and stuffed it in his pocket. Taking a deep breath he turned heading back to the car. Helen was leaning against the driver side of the hood waiting for him. \"Get in the car we're leaving.\" Seamus ordered stopping just in front of her. She looked at him but didn't move. \"We're not together anymore are we?\" Helen asked. Seamus could have laughed. \"To put it simply no.\" Seamus said curtly. \"The last thing I remember my life was perfect. I wake up and it's gone. The only thing for sure I still knew in that life was you.\" Helen sadly said reaching for him. Seamus pulled away so fast she didn't get close to touching him. \"You have no idea what you're messing with.\" Seamus said turning away. \"Are you telling to tell me that a few years can change someone so much?\" She seductively whispered lightly setting her hands on his shoulders. Seamus spun around slamming her back into the hood of the car. He made sure that his legs were straddling one of hers between them. His hand whipped around her waist and pulled her forward so she was pressed tight against his body. His head crocked around hers so that his face was positioned just under her ear. For two long seconds he didn't move, only breathed lightly on her neck. \"Has it ever occurred to you that you may not want to tempt me?\" Seamus hissed against her ear. Helen shivered but didn't move away from him. Seamus waited for his message to sink in and then pulled away from her. \"Get in the car.\" Seamus said avoiding her eyes. Helen got up and walked calmly to the other side of the car. They both got in and Seamus started driving. Helen reached over and flipped on the radio. She stopped listening and looked thoughtfully at it. \"It just occurred to me that I won't know any of the songs.\" Helen muttered. Seamus just kept looking at the road. Helen shifted in her seat but kept looking at the radio as they drove along. Suddenly Seamus shot a wake. He had fallen asleep in his seat. He wasn't driving anymore but there was that first moment of panic. As far as Seamus could figure he must have propped his head in his hand and when the plane landed it slipped jolting him awake. He was so tired after staying up in waiting for Helen in the hospital. 'Oh shit Helen!' Seamus whipped around in his seat to look at her. Helen had fallen asleep almost the second she had laid down on the jet's stretch couch. She was still there sound asleep. She was lying on her back with her hair tousled about her. She looked perfectly at peace like she never wanted to wake up. Seamus engaged the brief thought of making that come true but shooed it away. He wanted to make her pay for what she did to him. But part of that was it make her realize the pain she caused him. If he tried inflicted that pain of her now Helen wouldn't understand that. She would possibly know and he wouldn't possibly get his revenge. So he decided that he wouldn't kill her until she remembered what happened. That was funny because once she remembered she would be trying to kill him. \"We've land sir.\" Said the pilot form the cockpit's doorway. Seamus sank down deeper in his seat and looked at him. \"There's a car waiting just outside the plane. There's no driver.\" \"Aye thank you.\" Seamus said getting to his feet. The pilot walked past him to open the door of the jet. Seamus marched to where Helen was lying and paused. After a good deal of thought he bent over and scooped her into his arms. He checked to see if she was stirring. She shifted slightly and sighed. 'You always were a heavy sleeper.' Seamus thought amused He walked to the door and down the jet steps to the ground below. There the pilot already that both doors of the car open and waiting with the keys in hand. Seamus walked around to the passenger side and set Helen inside. She shifted into a comfortable position but stayed fast asleep. Seamus took the keys from the pilot and closed Helen's door. \"Tell your patron thanks again.\" Seamus said. \"Aye sir.\" The man said just before Seamus got in and drove away.rnrnSeamus pulled into the long driveway of the house hours after leaving the airport. The house looked Victorian and modern at the same time. There being so many dimensions to it but still flowing into the whole. It was a big place with a lot of land around it but it still looks well lived and cozy. It had a lovely miniature rose garden on either side of the front walk. When Seamus open his door the first thing he smelt was the ocean. With light just starting to come into the sky, the wind in his face, and the darkened green forest around him Seamus felt like he was back in Ireland. He closed his door and walked to Helen's. He tapped on the window making her wake startled. She stared through the window at him from her seat. \"We're here.\" Seamus told her motioning two the house. She looked at it for a second and then got out of the car. \"Where is here?\" Helen asked. \"Northern California.\" Seamus said heading for the house. He heard her door close and her steps following behind him. The key chain he had only two keys on so he was guessing that the other was the key to the house. He stuck it in and turned. The door swung open in his hand. Seamus felt the walls and flipped on the light he found there. He dropped the keys on a hall table and started up the stairs without a second glance behind him. He got to the top of the stairs and open the nearest door. It turned out to be the master bedroom. He left the door open skipped the next door and opened the one after that. He flipped the lights to reveal a spare bedroom. Seamus turned in the doorway to look at Helen. She was standing at the top of the stairs waiting. \"You can take the master and I'll take this.\" Seamus said. Helen looked surprised. \"Why can't we just share?\" She asked. \"I'll see you tomorrow.\" Seamus said closing the door after him. He found the bed closed his eyes and fell back onto it clothes and all. He was asleep almost before his head hit the pillow.rnrnSeamus opened his eyes at exactly at 7:30. He didn't have to look at any clock to know it. Yesterday Seamus had planned to sleep till noon just to prove that he could. It turned that he couldn't. After eight years of waking up at 7:30 it seemed to be ingrained in him. Even with only a few hours sleep he still woke at 7:30. He was never a morning person and now he could be anything else. The defused light from the drawn blinds played across the roof of the room. Seamus stared at it for a while trying to avoid thinking. His ploy seemed to work for a while until he thought how stuffy his jacket was. He suddenly the thought occurred to him that he had no other clothes. \"Bollix!\" Seamus cursed swinging his legs over the side of the bed. He cradled his head in his hands. He was going to have to go shopping. Sherry probably kept spare sets of clothes in the closets. So he could just use...no that was never going to happen. Seamus needed to buy new clothes and probably food too. Sherry wasn't likely to keep spoil prone food in her weekend home. He got up and tore his denim jacket off. He pulled down the sleeves of his gray sweater as he walked out the door. He was about to go down the stairs when he stopped. He thought for a second then opened Helen's door and looked in. She was asleep on top of the covers. She hadn't changed but the zipper on her sweatshirt was lower than he remembered. Seamus stepped into the room before he could stop himself. He closed the door after himself but didn't move any further into the room. He walked across the room to stand by the side of the bed. He leaned closer to her with his head cocked to one side as he studied her as she slept. Pouting lips, long lush lashes, and red hair with so much dimension of color he knew it was her real color. He reached out to touch it but stopped. He scowled and pulled his hand back. He pushed away from the bed and yanked open the door. He glared at her over his shoulder to see if she was still asleep. Seeing that she hadn't moved he left the room and shut the door after him.rnrnHe was back from the shopping trip. He had done his best to keep the bags down to two; one for food and one for other items. He didn't buy any beer because he didn't have any ID. Not that he thought anyone would card him anymore. He opened the door and bumped the door inward with his hip. He flipped it closed with his foot and worked his way to the kitchen. He dropped the food bag on the counter and head up the stairs to Helen's room. Seamus didn't hear Helen anywhere so he assumed she was still asleep. He still had the other bag in his right hand so he had open her door with his left. He was about to say something when his heart stopped. His whole body felt rooted to the floor as he stared. The bag in his hand fell from his fingers completely forgotten. Helen was gone. (AN: Oh no where has she gone! (Insert evil laugh here.) Has she gotten her memory back? Have the other angels found her? Has Seamus's family for some strange reason kidnapped her? REVIEW! Or I will not tell you.)[Chapter 3] Chapter 3 Meetings and Partings (AN: Kat this entirernchapter is dedicated to you. That thought hadn't even entered my headrnuntil I read your review. It's perfect for this chapter. THANK YOU!) Herncouldn't think. He couldn't move. Seamus was staring blankly at thernempty bed. It slowly entered his brain that the bed wasn't made. Herrnsweats were scattered on the floor and a window was open. Seamus rushedrnto the window to look outside. The car was still there and he couldn'trnsee anyway of getting down from this window. He was about to rush forrnthe front door when he stopped dead. Helen was standing behind him in a towel dripping wet. Seamusrnturned and allowed himself a long look. He started with her feet. Slimrntanned feet with toes that weren't painted any noticeable color. Longrnhairless legs with water streaming down them to pool on the floor. Therntowel started at mid thigh level and was crisp white cotton. Her waistrnsmall and defined even in the thick rapping. Her chest peeked over therntop of the towel lifting with each breath she took. He skipped her facernand went straight to her hair. It was wavy and plastered to her headrnand shoulders. He looked at her face. Her eyes were clear andrnopen to him. Just glancing at them he could read everything they had tornsay. She was surprised that he was here. She wasn't upset though,rncloser to happy to see him. And while she liked seeing him she wasrnunsure where she stood. She was unhappy to be caught so off guard andrnunprepared but was trying to put up a confidant face. \"Where did you go?\" Helen asked. \"Shopping, we were out of food and I needed clothes.\" Seamus muttered heading toward the door. \"But there's plenty of clothes in the closets.\" Helen said puzzled. \"They'rernnot mine and I'm pretty sure they wouldn't fit.\" He said keeping hisrnback to her as he picked up the things he'd dropped. \"Whose housernis this? There were no pictures, no mail, and nothing personal of anyrnkind.\" Helen said behind him. \"If you don't count the clothes thatrndon't fit, the Guinness in the kitchen, and the toy box in the den.\" Seamus stopped dead in his tracks. \"It's not my house and they are not my kids. And none of it's yours either.\" Seamus said not looking at her. \"Wellrnthat's good I never thought I'd be a good mom anyway.\" Helen saidrnstriding past him. He watched as her half-naked body start down thernstairs and got a long look at her ass. He left the bag on the floor andrnfollowed after her. He stuck his head around the corner to the kitchen.rnShe was pulling things out of the grocery bag in search of something.rnWhat didn't meet her standers she put to the side and reached furtherrninto the bag. She had her back to him so he leaned in the doorway tornwatch her. She made a triumphant sound and dove into the bag.rnSeamus saw a green apple in her hand as she sat at one of the barstoolsrnat the breakfast bar. What he paid attention to was the long length ofrnbare leg that the act reveled. Seamus was sure she was doing it onrnpurpose by the way she paused ever so slightly before biting into thernfruit. He pushed off the wall and rounded the other side of therncounter. Making a point of looking at her while he worked he startedrnputting away the food he'd bought. She looked smug but thoughtful whilernSeamus looked aloof and at ease. Seamus grabbed a spoon out and thenrnpulled the last item out of the bag for himself. He stood in front ofrnHelen and took the first bite of his cookie dough ice cream. \"That's not healthy for breakfast.\" She said trying not to show her envy. He didn't say anything but took another bite. \"Mmmm.\" Was his response. \"Oh stop. You sounds like you've never had ice cream before.\" She said biting into her apple. \"People don't appreciate the simple things in life.\" He said taking another spoonful. \"Somernthings aren't that simple but are that good.\" She said leaning towardrnhim across the counter. Seamus's eyes narrowed as he leaned in too. \"Sincerngentle perswaytion didn't work I will put it bluntly. There is almostrnnothing in the world I would like more than to throw you on thisrncounter and have backbreaking sex until we both pass-out. And you mightrnhave the same idea in your current state but let me tell you that itrnwould be the last thing on your mind when you get your memories back.rnSo stop it.\" Seamus finished. Helen looked at him carefully over her apple. \"Why are you helping me?\" Seamus pulled back from her. \"What do you mean?\" He asked on guard. \"Irnget the feeling that you don't like me anymore. In fact I'd bet yourndon't want anything to do with me and yet you brought me here. Ifrnyou're so angry why are you helping me?\" She asked. \"Because Irnhate the woman you be came and I hate what she did to me. And I hate tornsay this but at this point in time you are not her. I respected HelenrnZzas too much to disgrace her memory. And that is exactly what yournare...a physical embodiment of her memory.\" Seamus answered coldly. \"Well I guess I was wrong.\" Helen said getting out of her seat. \"Wrong about what?\" Seamus called after her. \"Yourndon't hate me.\" She said before slipping around the corner. Seamus'srneye fell to the counter. Helen's half-eaten apple was still on therntable in front of him. \"Bugger!\" Seamus cursed backhanding the thing off of the counter. A few hours later. Seamus sat blot up right in hisrnseat. He stopped and dug the back of his fists into his eyes to wipernthe sleep from them. When he opened them again he looked around a bitrndistorted. He had been asleep on the couch in the living room. Cursingrnhimself he groped around for his watch; 2:32. \"Ah shit.\" Seamusrnbreathed dropping the watch back on the table. He pushed off of therncouch and started for the kitchen. He looked at the counter, blinked,rnand looked again. There were to BLT's on a plate waiting for him. Hernlooked around for Helen but didn't see her. He noticed the unwashedrndishes in the sink but didn't hear anything. Again mumbling curses tornhimself he snatched up a sandwich and bit in. His other hand slippedrninto his pocket fingering the car keys. He knew full well that Helenrncould hotwire almost any car she can to so having the keys didn'trnreally tell him anything. So taking the sandwich with him hernchecked the window. Seeing that the car was still there he startedrngoing room to room. He finished the sandwich by the time he was donernlooking through the house. He didn't find her anywhere so he went backrnto the kitchen to grab the other BLT. He wasn't very upset about notrnfinding her. In his line of thinking she would not have made him lunchrnif she had remember anything and run off. He took another biternand thought. From what he had seen this morning there weren't manyrnplaces to go. He didn't see her on the road and the woods were toornthick to walk through. She had to have gone to the beach. He stood onrnthe back porch finishing his lunch staring down the dirt path that leadrnto the beach. He couldn't see the beach from here but he did see smallrngardens all over the property that he knew held Sherry's touch. Butrnthinking of Sherry here with the family only brought to mind the lastrntime he had seen her in LA two days ago. Seamus face soured butrnhe kept eating. It suddenly occurred to him that he had yet to have hisrndaily run. In prison he had a full hour to devote to running. He neverrndid so much in his first few years but that was because... Seamusrnstopped going down that line of thought too. He was out of prison andrnhe was not going to go back even in his thoughts. So after finishingrnthe sandwich he leap off the porch and started running at full pace. Therngravel path crunched under his feet as he ran. His feet jumped and sidernstepped so many rocks that he was amazed he hadn't fallen yet. Seamusrnfelt the world rushing behind him as he ran down the path. He wasrnrunning all out but it felt effortless to him. He broke around the bendrnand onto the beach. He slid to a stop kicking sand up all around him. Helenrnwas standing with her back to him not more than a few yards away. Shernturned completely around to see what had made the noise. She had letrndown her hair, most likely to keep her ears warm. She had changed outrnof the sweat suit into blue jeans that she had belted up around herrnslim waist. Her shirt was a white cotton dress shirt, with long sleevesrnno doubt. She still hand on the sweat shirt jacket to keep warm andrnheld a pair of slip on flip-flops in one hand. \"What are you doing?\" Seamus asked checking around him for anyone else on the private stretch of sand. \"I couldn't sleep.\" She teased. \"So you come out here?\" Seamus asked walking toward her. \"Wellrnyou weren't up and, you know me, I love the ocean.\" She said grinning.rnShe turned away to look at the water again. \"It's beautiful up here.\" \"Yeah it is. It reminds me of Ireland actually.\" Seamus said standing next to her. \"Is that where you went?\" She asked. His brows came together in thought. \"Where I went?\" He asked confused. \"Adain said you weren't in LA last week. You always said the only reason you would leave LA is to go to Ireland.\" \"No I wasn't in Ireland last week.\" Seamus said coolly ended the conversation. \"Where you looking for me?\" Helen asked nodding her head to where he had come running around the corner. \"No I wasn't looking for you.\" Seamus easily lied. \"How long have you been out here?\" \"I don't know...feels like forever.\" Helen mutter staring out over the water. \"And I thought I was the only one that spoke cryptic.\" Seamus muttered heading for the house. \"Where are we going?\" Helen said bouncing up next to him as he walked. \"I didn't get a shower yet.\" Seamus said. \"When did you become so dispassionate?\" Helen said. \"Now what are you talking about?\" Seamus asked annoyed. \"I'rndon't know, just how you speak. Even your little 'People don'trnappreciate the simple things in life' speech was with out any realrnemotion. I have no doubt that you meant it but you didn't sound likernit.\" She explained. \"Maybe all my passion has been put into onernthing for so long it can longer spread into anything else.\" Seamus saidrnquietly. Helen was watching him closely now. His eyes shot up to glarernat her. \"Was that passionate enough for you Helen Zzas?\" He snapped. \"Damnrnit Seamus you are always so confusing!\" Helen yelled running up thernstairs to the house and slamming the door after her. Seamus stood atrnthe bottom of the steps looking after her. \"Well she's taking it better than I did.\" He said heading up the steps after her. (AN: Till next time...)[Chapter 4] Chapter 4 Latent Memories They were sitting down to diner. Seamus hadn't seen Helen since she had stormed into the house. She had locked herself in the master bedroom and had turned the radio on. Seamus didn't mind that much, he just started reading a book he bought in town. He had stayed for hours in the den reading till he realized he was hungry. So he had thrown something together that passed for dinner and called Helen down. \"Ah!\" Helen cried spitting out her food. Seamus stared at her. \"Ok, I know it's not that bad.\" He said looking from her to her plate. \"It wasn't that really the taste, more like the feeling. What was it?\" Helen asked looking at him a bit disturbed. \"It was just Shake-and-Bake.\" Seamus replied with a shrug. Helen shuttered. Seamus's eyes narrowed as he watched her. \"What exactly did you…'feel'?\" \"It was like this feeling of being…used or disgusted.\" Helen tried to explain her brow knit together in thought. \"Are you remembering anything else?\" Seamus asked slowly. His eyes were locked on Helen's face while his hand curled around the handle of his bread knife. ' Don't remember, don't remember, don't remember, god damn it Helen please don't remember!' Seamus silently urged. \"No, I don't even know why I felt that way about the chicken.\" Helen said totally oblivious to what he was doing. \"Well now we know it's possible for you to remember.\" Seamus said slowly letting go of his knife. \"Since you don't seemed to be remembering anything right now I think I'll just eat my dinner in my room.\" Seamus grabbed his Guinness and his plate and left the confused Helen behind staring after him. Once he was shut in his room Seamus dropped his plate on the nightstand and cupped his head in his hands not even bothering to turn on the light. He couldn't and wouldn't deal with Helen right now, and he most certainly didn't want to deal the Dylan at any cost. The Next Morning At 7:30 a.m. Seamus opened his eyes. Inwardly he cursed himself for not being able to take control of such a simple thing as when he wakes up. He closed his eyes again shutting out the morning rays on the ceiling. He wasn't fooling himself though, he knew that he wouldn't be able to fall asleep again even if he wanted too. It had been a useful trait for the past 8 years but now it was the bane of his existence. So giving in he open his eyes and rolled over on his side. \"Mary mother of Jesus!\" Seamus yelled jumping back. Helen was sitting on the side of the bed with her head resting on her arms. \"What the bloody hell do you think you're doing?\" Seamus cried staring wide eyed at her. \"I couldn't sleep and you looked so relaxed I couldn't bare to wake you.\" She said tipping her head to one side. Suddenly Seamus narrowed his eyes as a new thought entered his mind. \"Exactly how long have you been there?\" He asked slowly. Helen shrugged but didn't say anything. \"I see.\" Seamus muttered pushing himself up with one arm. Seamus watched as Helen's eyes dropped down from his face. Seamus glanced down too and noticed for the first time that he didn't have a shirt on. \"Wow.\" Helen breathed quietly. A long moment passed in silence. \"You're staring.\" Seamus drawled quietly. Helen's eyes flew back up to his. \"Oh I'm sorry. It's just that's…really…impressive.\" As she spoke her eyes drifted downward again. Seamus kept his eyes locked on hers till she looked up again. \"I'm sorry, it's just that's…a bit more than I remember.\" \"Well thanks. You seem a bit gob-smacked…but could you leave my room?\" Seamus said nodding toward the door. \"I have to change sometime you know.\" \"Oh yeah, sorry.\" She said getting back on her feet. She had almost made it out the door before she paused and turned back. \"No, never mind.\" She said changing her mind and walked out. Seamus stared at the closed door silently. He didn't relax any with her out of the room but found it safe enough to haul himself out of bed. He scooped up the pair of jogging pants he had set on the nightstand earlier and tugged them on. Eyeing the door one more time Seamus dropped to the floor and started his morning exercise routine. When he finally finished he was dripping sweat his mind and body invigorated. Sitting on the edge of his bed he put on his running shoes systematically shutting out all thoughts as he prepared for his morning run. His head snapped to the door as a light knock sounded and Helen popped her head in. \"What are you doing?\" She asked leaning in the doorway. \"Starting my day, how about you?\" Seamus snapped pulling a shirt over is head. Helen raised an eyebrow at him. \"Being bored. Are you going jogging?\" Helen asked suddenly. Seamus stared at her from under his brow. \"I'm going to RUN my four miles if that's what you mean. Do you got a problem with that?\" He responded pulling on his shoes. \"You hate running. Didn't you tell me it was the most pointless thing that PE had to offer? So can't blame me for not envisioning you as some kind of morning jogger person.\" Helen said eyeing him. \"Eight years is a long time to change one's habits. For all you know you might love jogging now.\" Seamus said getting up. \"Do you really think so?\" Helen asked scrunching up her nose at the thought as he walked passed her. \"Well you always were good at running.\" Seamus muttered to himself as he headed down the hall. \"Do you mind if I come with you?\" Helen said marching after him. Seamus stopped at the top of the stairs and shot a look at her over his shoulder at her. \"What?\" \"Well I may not remember if I like running but physically I would.\" Helen explained with a shrug. Seamus stared at her for a long moment. \"Fine if you can keep up because I'm not going easy on you.\" He said trumping down the stairs without another glance behind him. \"Oh don't worry, I'll be putting you in the dust.\" Helen said skipping passed him and out the door. Seamus shook his head but stopped and tilted it to the side to get a full look at her ass. He actually had to stop on the stairs and shake himself to regain his composure again. He strode across the entryway and shut the door after him. \"Now I'm only saying this once so listen. We jog down to the beach on the path, then we run…for an hour, and then we stretch. Got it?\" Seamus said. A thin icy smile creep onto his face that wasn't remotely reflected in his eyes. \"Sure. Sounds good to me.\" Helen said hoping off the porch. She took off at a light pace down the path pausing only long enough to kick a rock out of her way. Seamus waited till she had a slight lead on him before he jumped off the steps after her. He made sure his pace was a beat faster than Helen's and smiled to himself as he started to gain on her. Her red flame of hair was loose around her head as he legs pounded out a quick sure stride. By the time they reached the end of the path he was only a step behind her. As they pulled off of the path toward the water line Seamus pulled out in front her picking up speed. By the time they were both head south along the water's edge Helen had caught up to him. Her feet fell in time with his a smile fueled with exuberant energy on her face. Seamus's fairly good mood left as he noticed this turn of events. His lower his head slightly as he pushed into a quicker pace his arms coiled into fists. Helen lost her smile when she noticed he was breaking ahead of her. Her brow knit together in concentration as she pour more speed into her stride as she rushed to gain ground on him. Slowly she closed the gap until they were both running neck and neck again. Seamus scowled but kept the pace hoping that her legs would give out on her. The only things reaching his blood-deprived brain was the pounding of his feet and the rushed breathing of himself and Helen as they raced down the seemingly endless stretch of beach. He could feel the slight burning that was slowly working its way into his thighs and tried to block the feeling from his mind as it started to spread to his calves. The beeping on his wrist took him by surprise but only fueled his determination. He dug his heel into the wet sand spinning around to run back the way that they had come. Helen was taken off guard by his sudden move and turned less quickly. She almost fell on her face as she raced wildly trying to catch up with him. Seamus grinned to himself as he thought. So you kept up for the first half-hour of the run. No one's ever beaten me racing the full hour. Seams kept his place in first for the first few minutes of the run back but it wasn't long before he caught Helen's fiery form eating up the turf next to him. Seamus shot her a death glare before turning back to in front of him and poured everything into his legs to get ahead of her. Helen's teeth clenched together as she pulled deep from any reserves she had to match pace with his as they flew down the beach. She could feel the muscles in her chest cramping as she forced them to pull in more air then she thought even possible. Her neck pinched at her telling her to stop but she wouldn't. She just kept repeating in her head. A little more Helen. A little more. Just keep going. Come on just a little more now. Seamus could feel every muscle in his body bulging with the effort to keep going but shut out all cries to stop and kept running. He was straining for breath as he forced his legs to not just to keep moving but to go faster. But no matter how much he pushed he couldn't seem to get more than a step ahead of the woman next to him. When his watch finally went off Seamus's body skidded into the ground kicking up four feet high wall of sand to stop him. Helen toppled into the sand as she tucked and rolled till she came to a complete stop. While she spread out on her back in the sand gasping air in Seamus doubled over with his hands on his knees heaving in as much air that he possibly could. \"Get up.\" Seamus gasped between breaths. \"You'll cramp.\" He hissed trying to straighten up. Helen rolled onto her hands and knees but couldn't seem to get up from there. Seamus staggered over to a near by cluster of rocks and leaned against them waiting. He could feel his entire body shaking from the run and he would have almost bet money on the fact that Helen was too. Hell he'd even bet that her stomach was threatening to heave over and that's why she hadn't gotten up yet. Lucky for him he hadn't eaten yet. \"I can't.\" Helen hissed shaking her head. Seamus pushed himself off the rock and reached around her waist to pull her to her feet. He left her wobbling there for a second before walking off for the beach path. \"I don't want to hear you complaining tomorrow.\" Seamus explained not glancing at her again. \"I could have done it.\" Helen snapped hurrying after him. Seamus rolled his eyes but didn't say anything because he was concentrating on not stumbling over his own feet. He stopped suddenly. \"Did we pass the path?\" He asked looking over his should the way they'd come. Helen looked too. \"I think so.\" She said changing direction. Seamus fell in step next to her. After some thought he pulled off his shirt letting the cold morning air relieve the burning heat that had built up in him from the run. It took him a while to realize Helen wasn't looking forward any longer. \"You're doing it again.\" He informed her still gazing ahead. \"Oh and like I haven't seen you checking out my ass every time I turn around.\" Helen snapped crossing her arms over her chest. Seamus's head whipped around to stare at her. \"Don't look so surprised. Some habits just never change in people.\" \"Oh heavens to Betsy's! That'd be my fault.\" Seamus cried laying on his accent thicker. \"I just haven't seen it in a while. You'll be forgiving me if I forget myself again.\" \"Damn it Seamus! Where he fuck have you been for the past 8 year?\" Helen yelled jumping in his face. \"I've been here Helen! For 8 fucking years I've been in the same God damn spot! You on the other hand have seen the world. And been to all the bars it has to offer.\" Seamus snapped glaring down at her. She didn't jump like in the ship but held her ground and shoved him. \"At lest I walk out of half the bars I go into.\" She tossed. \"You know nothing about me Helen; nothing.\" Seamus hissed through clenched teeth pointing a finger dangerously close to her face. \"Well let's see if the basics have changed.\" She said. She flicked his hand to the side and leapt at him wrapping her hands around his head as she pulled him deep into a kiss. It was like a breath of sweet air had flooded his starved lungs. His hand fisted in her hair tipping her lips up more to his as his tongue lashed open her mouth. His whole body tensed pulling her hard against him. He tossed herwhen he released her so that she stumbled back a few steps. They were both breathing hard as he watched her trace the edge of her lips with the tips of her fingers. \"Well you kiss the same when you're pissed.\" Helen said. Seamus watched closely as she reached back to rub the back of her neck lost in thought. \"And from what do you get that from?\" He asked his mind flashing back to the crate on the ship. His fists curled into fists waiting to see if she'd remember anymore. \"I don't know.\" Helen muttered quietly. Seamus could tell from her eyes that she meant it. \"Well, I'll be going soon.\" Seamus said walking around her. \"GOING! Going where?\" Helen asked coming back to herself. \"It's Sunday Helen…I have Mass.\" Seamus said. \"I didn't even know it was Sunday.\" Helen muttered. \"Why don't we just forget again?\" \"Not going to happen.\" Seamus answered. Helen rolled her eyes. \"I thought you'd say that. Oh well, can I go?\" Seamus stopped walking and looked at her in shock. \"What?\" He asked. \"Well I have nothing to do here. I figured I could walk around the town or something.\" She said walking up the path ahead of him. \"No, out of the question.\" Seamus said. \"Why?\" Helen asked exasperated. \"I don't have time to worry about and the trouble you'd get yourself into.\" He said quickly. \"That's bullshit Seamus. Why don't you tell me anything? We use to trust each other once.\" Helen said as they reached the house. \"Trust is a fickle thing Helen. Once you betray it, it's hard to get it back.\" Seamus said getting into the car and driving away leaving Helen standing alone in the dust. Seamus could still remember that feeling as he strut out of prison. The shock and disbelieve over the guards announcement 'You're out' had been fading since he heard it leaving only the deep longing to find Helen; and kill her. He could feel the power rolling through him and the cold hate steeling his blood as he walked. He hadn't even bothered to pick up the spare items that were being stored in the prison; they didn't matter it him anymore. Nothing did. \"O'Grady what about your belongings?\" A prison guard called out from behind him. Seamus flipped up the worn picture of Helen but didn't stop walking. His eyes scanned the parking lot for his prearranged ride. It was then that he caught sight of 'her'. A long fur coat skimmed the asphalt and would have dragged if she had not been wearing a pair of dark red heels. Black gloves adorned her slim hands the matched her long dark hair. Large tinted glasses hid a good portion of her face but by the way she wore the ensemble Seamus knew she was a powerful and gorgeous woman. She was gazing purposely at him with a piece of paper held in one of her hands. Seamus stopped in front of her. She elegantly raised her hand and held out the paper to him. So you have come for me. But concerning what? He looked down on the paper only just as he took it into his hand. It was Helen; there was no mistake. She was older but age had not worsened her for the wear. She had more fully become the person he knew she could be. Her hair was no longer bleached but a lovely chessnut, full of life and care. Her eyes were what caught him though. They were oozed and aura of mystery and confidence that he wasn't sure he had ever seen before. Cool hatred poured from him as he compared the two photos and he knew that this woman had come to deliver Helen to him. She recaptured his attention by holding out her other had. In it were two sliver rings. He dipped his fingers through them and flicked them up on. They were of course to small to fit but Seamus could tell by their feel that they were not just rings. \"So if I have these she'll find me?\" Seamus stated. Tilting his head to the side to more completely look at the woman before him. An almost nonexistent grin graced her thin lips briefly before she turned toward the limo that had been waiting behind her. From the way she tilted her head Seamus knew that she meant for him to follow her into the vehicle. He did so. \"Are you interested in the offer I have to give you?\" She asked crossing her legs as she sat across from him. Seamus's eyes lowered but quickly returned to her face. No matter how long it had been since he had a woman this close he figured this was not the on to start with. For one the way she sat back in her seat suggested that she had at lest one gun strapped to her back. \"Any bloke in the crime business knows that I want Helen Zzas dead.\" Seamus spat. \"You do of course know that is no longer her name.\" Seamus watched her carefully waiting. \"Her name is Dylan Saunders now.\" \"Cut the crap, what do you want?\" Seamus said cracking his knuckles impatiently and rolling his head to one side. \"What you want…her dead. Her agency has come between me and a business deal I've been working on. I'll even cut you in on the deal.\" She said. \"Tell me more.\" He said without emossion. \"They want the rings. And before I can set up the meeting I need to make sure that that the Angels wont ruin it.\" \"Hold it a sec. Angels?\" Seamus asked thinking it was a joke. \"That's what they like to call themselves. There will be one African American male and three women; one of themis Helen. They operate out of LA and that is where you will stop them.\" \"That's not possible. If she was in LA my family would have found her.\" Seamus said firmly. \"Really?When was the last time you were contacted by your family?\" Seamus fell silent. \"It been over four years hasn't it?\" Seamus was breathing deeply through his nose with his fists curled at his sides trying to clam himself. \"I see you are very well informed to things that are not your business.\" He spat. \"Oh but you see it is my business. For the head of the O'Grady organization would be unwilling to help me with my little problem. I hear you have a grudge with him as well.\" She said grinning. \"Take me to him.\" Seamus said sitting forward in his seat. \"Are you well my son?\" Seamus's head snapped up to see the father of the church standing before him. He looked around and noticed that he was the only one left in the place. \"I'm sorry I didn't realize. I must have been day dreaming.\" He said standing. \"You're new here.\" He said smiling and extending his hand. Seamus shook it quickly. \"I'm just passing through. I haven't missed mass in eight years and wasn't going to start today.\" Seamus said trying to smile too. \"You seem to be troubled. Do you wish to talk about it? I am always open to hear the worries of the needy.\" He said. \"I'm sorry father but my sins run too deep to confess and anyway most of them are behind me now. I'm sorry if I've troubled you but right now the higher power has done all it can it deter me from further damnation.\" Seamus could have almost grinned at the expression the priest had on his face but thinking it would be sacrilegious he didn't and left the church. \"To bad it's only temporary.\" Seamus said getting into his car. He didn't really want to think about past sins or future ones either so he tried to blank his mind as he drove back to the house. He had gotten pretty good at shutting everything out over the years. To bad for him he never learned an effective way to throw someone off a building. Before he knew it he was pulling into the driveway. He stepped out of the car and slammed the door after himself. His eyes scanned the area out of habbit for possible threats or hidden enemies. His eyes were still harsh points when he saw Helen lying face frist in the front doorway. (AN: HOLY CHIPPMUNCKS BATMAN! WHAT HAPPENED TO HER! Oh and by the way any ideas on who was running the head of the O'Grady family while Seamus was locked away? Any thoughts on why they hate each other? I know but you'll just have to wait. Review or you'll never know.)[Chapter 5] Chapter 5 The First to Know (AN: This was probably not worth the wait but there it as at last. I am having trouble keeping this story moving because I want to keep some surprises in my other story that this is based off of. It's a GREAT twist but you'll be like WHERE THE FUCK DID THAT COME FROM! So I'll wait…for now.) The first thing that Seamus thought was that she had been shot. He rushed passed the open car door and leaped over the flower boxes that got in his way. His eyes darted around the yard in an adrenaline powered panic searching for possible assailants. Seeing none his focus then wentback to Helen's prone form lying in the doorway. She was still wearing the outfit from their morning run and Seamus had eyes open for any signs of blood. Her rich red hair spilled across her face blocking any wound from view. Seamus dropped to his knees desperately swatting the hair away from her face at the same time pulling her head into his lap. His hand was shaking so bad that he had to forcefully plant it onto her neck to find a pulse. Seamus gasped in relief, pulling in breath that he hadn't known he was starving from his lungs. She was breathing and as far as he could tell it was the steady beat of sleep. But she hadn't woken up even after he'd moved her around, which was a bad sign. He roughly scooped Helen into his arms by hooking one arm under her knees and the other under her arms. When the door got in his way he kicked it open. He paused a minute with his brow furrowed as he tried to decide where would be the best place to set her down at. He moved into the den and far more gently set her down on the couch. His feet carried him back through the house to the kitchen where he tossed a wash rag into the sink. He slammed on the cold water briefly and then slammed it back off as he snatched it back out. Not being good with his bedside manner he rung the thing out over Helen's face. He dropped down to her level as she sat up gasping and rubbing the water out of her eyes. Seamus pushed her back down as she clutched her head as if she was dizzy. \"Seamus?\" Helen said when she saw him. She sounded relieved that he was there. Seamus felt his insides jump as he quickly rose to his feet. His hands held fast at hisside as he crossed to sit in the easy chair across from her. \"What happened?\" \"What do you remember?\" Seamus asked. Had he been checking to see if she was alive? Not two days ago he was checking to make sure she was dead. What the bloody hell was the difference today? It was the same person he had hated for the past eight years wasn't it? \"Well, we were coming back from the run...I was fucking tired. We were talking as we walked back up the path. I was having a bit of a hard time on my feet. We got to the house, more arguing. My head was starting to hurt from trying to figure out your twisted ass brain so I went back into the house. I remember I got the door open and then...and then someone was pouring water on my face.\" She says with a shrug, folding the damp rag to lie it across her forehead. \"Sounds like you passed out.\" Seamus said flatly. She gave him a glare that for an instant turned his blood to ice. Sure he hadn't said the word faint but he knew that's what her reaction would be. Seamus could still remember the time Angus had been dense enough to say something in front of Helen about women not being as able to hold their drink. If he hadn't had his arm around her beforehand she would have made it over the table to clobber his face in. \"I didn't faint.\" Helen said curtly. \"I didn't say that. What I was trying to say was that two days ago you fell off a building. A very tall building. And today you jumped into some very intense physical activity. I'm saying that your body probably couldn't take the strain and shut down. Hence, you passed out.\" Seamus explained. Judging by the rate of his own stupidity he wouldn't have to shoot her to get her killed. Helen rolled her shoulders as if that explanation didn't sit well with her. She thought a bit with her brow knit together. She looked at him once again. \"I fell off a building?\" Helen asked. Seamus looked away. \"In a manner of speaking.\" Helen followed his gaze to the open front door. She looked from it back to him. \"You carried me in right? The rag too?\" Seamus rolled his eyes and tried not to look as embarrassed as he felt. What the fuck was he doing here? He should have stabbed her in the parking lot after he'd gotten her away from the cops in the hospital. \"Only you could make a damp rag into a token of ever lasting love.\" Seamus sneered off handedly shaking the comment. Helen pushed her self into a sitting position. The muscles in his shoulders tensed as Seamus sensed a fight coming on. \"Well since the large tokens don't seem to mean shit what other options does a girl have?\" She snapped. Seamus's hands balled into fist. Seamus kept asking himself what he was wasting his life on her for. 'This was supposed to be simple. I stew in jail, I get out, and I kill her disloyal ass! What am I doing? Waiting for her to remember so I can kill her? Or am I hoping she doesn't so we can start over? Damn it Seamus you are such a pussy!' \"Don't say that to me Helen. You left me. You didn't give a damn.\" Seamus growled getting to his feet and walking toward the door. \"Seamus just answer me one thing.\" Helen called after him. Seamus stopped in the doorway. \"Do you still love me?\" Seamus leaned his head against the door. He shut his eyes briefly as he tried to think of an answer. Did he love her? There was no mistaking that he loved her 8 years ago. Those 6 months together had been the best of his life. But he had been justified in killing Jimmy and Helen hadn't even asked why he did it before rushing into the arms of the authorities. \"I loved Helen Zzas…the person she became,\" He shrugged, \"I don't know her. She took Helen Zzas from me…so think I hate her.\" She rose from her seat. \"I am Helen Zass.\" Seamus gave her a dark look over his shoulder. \"For now. Eventually you'll come back to yourself. It's only a matter of time.\" \"So you love who I am right now, you hate me for things I can't remember, and you're waiting around until I do remember. And than what? After I remember what a bitch am what are you going to do?\" Helen demanded flinging the wash cloth onto the coffee table. Seamus grinned. \"Well, whenthat has yet to be seen hasn't it? The instant I decide on what to do with you…you'll know.\" (AN: I'm taking my time till When Seamus met Helen gets to where I want it. I just didn't want to leave you waiting on that cliff hanger.)[Chapter 6] Dreaming up Options Seamus was dreaming. He knew this because he was both acting in and watching what was going on. He was sitting in his cell wearing the clothes he'd gone into town with. He could taste the prison toothpaste in his mouth but also smell the after shave he'd used his first day out. He looked down at the bed he was on freshly made and then slowly back upwards to were he'd done his sit-ups those past 8 years. \"Hey, Ireland.\" Seamus looked down again to find a man leaning lazily against the wall opposite the bed. That wall being about three feet away Seamus got a good look at him. He was tall, maybe a head taller then Seamus, with close cut blond hair and mischievous sky blue eyes. He was fit, handsome, and wearing a prison uniform with enough haughty self-assurance you'd think it was a thousand-dollar suit. \"Six-Man-Britain, long time.\" Seamus drawled, a broad easy grin spreading over his face as he spoke. The inmate shrugged. \"You have a lot on your plate so I thought you needed someone here to help you digest it all.\" Seamus pinched the bridge of his nose and leaned backward so he was resting against the other wall. \"You and your fucking psychology. You would think you'd find something less hypocritical to put your fat head into.\" Seamus said glaring at him over his fingers. \"Hate to break this to you but serial killers usually have some interest in psychology.\" The smile he gave Seamus never reached his eyes. \"And I have a very keen interest in psychology.\" Seamus threw a pillow at his head. \"Shut the fuck up Britain! I like I didn't get enough of this in prison. If you hadn't noticed I'm out now.\" Britain looked around the cell. \"Are you sure you know you're out? Because you sure aren't acting like it.\" Seamus rolled his eyes up into their sockets. \"What is that suppose to even mean?\" \"You're trapped with one other human being and the only time you ever leave is to get food or run in the yard. And you're miserable.\" Britain gestured to their surroundings. \"Does this sound vaguely familiar?\" \"What would you have me do huh? Leave her in the bloody hospital till the cops and her friends got her to remind her how I threw her off a roof?\" Britain crossed his arms across his crest with a exasperated sigh. \"Seamus it's been my experience when dealing with people you love you either put up with them or you kill them. Not much gray area that way.\" \"I don't love her, I loved her.\" Seamus corrected sharply. Britain was no longer leaning against the wall but rather sitting on the bed next to him. \"Seamus, buddy old pal, I was right here with you for the first few years remember? It took you three years to stop blaming yourself, and another two start hating her enough to kill her. But don't kid yourself here, you never stopped loving her.\" \"You always were full shit.\" \"You know you want me.\" Britain said while emphasizing this with an imaginary hair flip. Seamus punched him in the thigh. \"Shut up, fag.\" \"Oh damn well you know you would've been my prison bitch if I wanted.\" Seamus snorted. \"I was just waiting for you to realize the truth and come begging for it. I know, I'm too fashioned.\" Seamus closed his eyes a faith smile on his lips. He felt his senses reach out in the dream and his heart sank. \"You're not really here are you?\" \"It's a dream Seamus, of course not.\" \"That's what I mean. It's just a dream, it's not the real you here.\" His voice was held a measure of sadness as he spoke. Britain shook his head in wonder meant. \"You don't really believe in that afterlife soul shit do you? I thought you were a fucking atheist?\" He suddenly made a puzzle face. \"Oh right, that's me! Ah, I forgot.\" \"No, I'm not an atheist. I really do believe. Don't know why but I do.\" \"Then you should be totally into the Forgiveness shit and forgive Helen.\" Seamus opened his eyes to glare at Britain. \"Ok so you need to kill something. But does it have to be her? Couldn't you kill like surrogates? It worked for me and Ted Bundy.\" \"You're not going to get me to believe that you killed as many people as Ted Bundy.\" Seamus snapped falling into their old arguemeant as easily as a warm bath. \"Hey as far as you're concerned I could be like that Green River guy. Hundreds of dead in mass graves just so i can remember where they all are. You don't know.\" \"That's because you only admit to the six you were convicted of.\" Seamus complained. \"Hey, if that's what the record says I killed that's all I'm saying I killed. Fair is fair.\" \"Why are you here again?\" \"Oh shit yeah! I came here to give you advice.\" He turned to face Seamus sitting Indian style on the prison bed. \"From where I see it (he looked meaningfully toward the ground) you have a couple of options.\" He started ticking off fingers as he went. \"One: Do nothing and wait for her to remember at which point she will probably be very confused and fuck your brains out or rip your head off. Two: Kill her now and get the damn drama over with. Three: Tell her everything and see if you can work things out. One is action packed, two might not give you everything you want, and three is probably the hardest. So it's up to you which one you choose.\" Seamus stared at him. \"You're a frigging idiot. I knew that before you opened your damn maw.\" \"Of course you did dumb ass it's you're dream. You're just such a dumb fuck you needed it laid out for yourself.\" \"I have no idea why I missed you these past three years.\" Seamus stated flatly. \"Because you've only had five real friends you're whole life. Mom, dad, Sherry, Helen, and me.\" He listed off with his other hand. \"You might want to think about that before killing off the last half of the remaining list.\" Britain hoped off the bed and walked around Seamus toward the open cell door. He paused in the open doorway to look over his shoulder at him one last time. \"That's one thing you can thank her for. If Helen hadn't sent you to prison you never would have met me.\" He shrugged. \"Something to think about.\" He walked into the hall and was simply gone. Seamus's eyes snapped open but he didn't move. For a second it felt like his chest was being crushed but the pain left as he slowly accepted that his friend was truly dead and gone. He very rarely had a dream about Britain but it hurt the same amount every time he did. Britain probably would have lived out the rest of his life peacefully in prison if Seamus hadn't come along; if Helen hadn't put him in prison. It was a dilemma that sometimes kept him up at nights thinking; Britain would be alive but Seamus would have never have met him, or cause his death but meet his greatest friend ever. Life fucking sucked. After following that same gloomy train of thought for an unknown while some primal instinct told Seamus to turn his head toward the other side of the bed. This brought him nose to nose with a sleeping Helen. What the bloody fucking hell is wrong with this girl?! Can't she stay in her own fucking room? Seamus noticed that Helen was sleeping on her stomach her knees bent up close to the rest of her body. Her hair falling gently over her pillow and arms. One lay over top her head with one lightly closed fist resting on her crown while the other was held tight to her body with her lips almost touching the other fist. She looked like a sleeping child crawled into bed with mommy and daddy. Seamus remembered Helen sleeping like this numerous times at his loft right after she'd woken up from a nightmare. The nightmare gone but some of the terror still remaining. Seamus became aware that her eyes were open and she had been staring at him for some length of time he was not sure of. \"Hi.\" A quite whisper that he wasn't sure he would have caught if he hadn't been looking at her lips when she said it. Which he was. This close to her it was all her could look at. He kept watching them as they slowly drew closer, like cautious stealthy deer, and placed a soft gentle kiss on his lips. Then his hand was in her hair cupping the back of her skull as he pulled a strong, silent, desperate kiss from her as if trying to pull her soul into his. Seamus was pretty sure he lost some time because the next thing he knew Helen was on top of him, her legs straddling his hips, her body pressed flush against his as they kissed again and again. They were hot frighteningly emotional kisses but what struck out the most to Seamus was how silent they were. He and Helen had been many things when they were together but silent was never one of them. But now he moved with excruciating deliberateness, took in and experienced every moment as if it were the first and last he would ever have. Seamus pulled her as tight as he could against him as she licked and worked the flesh on his neck and collarbone with her mouth. He gritted his teeth at the sheer flood of sensation that threatened to overwhelm his body and he forcibly grind him self against her. Feeling all the more satisfied when Helen pulled in a shocked gasp of pleasure right by his ear, her body going tight and arching lusciously against him. She felt so fantastic, so much more than he remembered. Suddenly he wanted all of her, every quivering shred of her. He wanted to feel himself inside of her. To feel her hands locked in his hair as she plunged herself onto him. To let her find that perfect rhythm that she always had come to so naturally. He realized in that moment that he was no longer really breathing so much as hyperventilating. He was struck with a sudden and unguided panic that took over every other feeling he was experiencing at that moment. He rolled with Helen so that he was now the one on top holding her down with his greater body weight.Helen became aware that something had changed and instantly stopped kissing him instead trying to force his darting unfocused eyes to meet hers. But his mouth felt so dry and all he could think about was getting out of this room and finding real air that he couldn't do it. The only reason he could see that he didn't accualy flee the room was that his fists curled so tightly into the sheets that he was unable to free himself. Helen had to work her hands out from under him and grab both sides of his face before he could even begin to calm down. \"We can't do this.\" Seamus said faster than his brain could full form the words. \"What? Can't what?\" She asked. Seamus made a vague gesture. \"This, what we're doing. We can't, we can't do this right now.\" \"What are you talking about? What do you mean not right now? It doesn't exactly look like you want to stop if you catch my meaning.\" She emphasized this with a meaningful glance at his crotch. Seamus looked down with her. \"Doesn't mater.\" He said rolling off of her to sit on the opposite side of the bed. Helen propped herself on her elbows and stared incredulously at his back. \"Ok you need to explain to me why the sex stopped or I will tie you up and continue the sex with or without you.\" Seamus kept pulling in deep breaths of air try to regain his control. This also gave him plenty of time to put his thoughts into words for Helen. \"I don't want to have sex with you under these conditions. If you remembered everything and you knew what you were getting into yes; yes I would have sex with you. But not like this.\" He took a another deep breath, a much calmer and confident breath. \"I have three options on what to do and they are all looking a lot harder to deal with if we did this. So no. We are not having sex. And we are not doing this.\" Helen was silent behind him. He felt her flop down onto the bed and finally heard a sigh of acceptance. \"Guess it would be dumb to go back to bed now huh?\" She asked. Seamus glanced at the clock, 4:51. \"Yeah I think so.\" He muttered. He sat there on the edge of the bed starring at nothing until he heard the faint sounds of heavy breathing. He looked to be sure but Helen had fallen back to sleep on his bed. He quietly got up and left the room to take a shower...a cold one. He came to the realization that it was really quiet impossible to draw up the hate he needed to kill this child like Helen. Made even harder by the fact that he still loved her. Whether it was the Helen he'd first fallen for or some new woman she had grown into. He really did not see how his predicament could get any worse. (AN: Review damn it! I stayed up till 3:30 at night to get this done. Show me you're still out there people!)[Chapter 7] Chapter 7 Head of the Irish Mob \"So let me get this all straight. You're hiding me from the cops, you love the person I am right now, and we are not having sex because you hate the person I can't remember I am. Is that about right?\" Seamus looked up from his book. Helen was standing in the doorway to the living room wearing the same clothes she had been wearing when he left her at 5 am in his room. He had decided to go through his exercise routine and after finishing his run he had come back to the house to continue his book. This peace and quiet had lasted till noon when Helen finally woke. \"Sure sounds about right.\" Seamus turned his attention back to his book with an exaggerated eye roll. ' Except for the part that I'm trying to decide wither or not to kill you…that was a very good summary of where we're at.' \"Oh,\" Helen flopped onto the couch across from him with a sigh, \"And we're sure about the sex thing right?\" Seamus gave her a dark look over the top of his book. \"Yes, very sure.\" Seamus returned to ignoring her hoping that she would get the hint and leave. Take a shower, make a sandwich, plan her escape to Mongolia he didn't really care as long as she left him be. She instead turned the TV on at a nearly unbearable level of volume and started watching the game network. He looked at the TV with seething hatred. It was the vintage game show portion of the channel which hosted the Newlywed Game, the Pyramid Game, and some other God forsaken game where stars wrote down answers to finish a phrase and the contestant had to match their answer to the most stars. He hated this network; it had been on all the time during his stint in the prison. He could hear it day in and day out from the guard station down the hall. \"Could you change the channel?\" Helen looked over at him. \"Why? I like this.\" She went back to watching the show. Seamus tried to read his book and block it out. But unlike in the prison the volume was much higher here. He slapped the book down on his thigh and glared at her. \"Would you mind ever so much and turn it down?\" Helen narrowed her eyes at him. \"If it bothers you so much leave.\" Seamus cracked his neck by rotating it from side to side trying to reign himself in before he lost his temper. \"I was here first.\" Helen sat up on the couch and was now glaring at him much as he was glaring at her. \"This is the only room with a TV. Books can go anywhere.\" Seamus lunged for the remote on the coffee table but Helen snapped it but first shielding it with her body. Seamus stood up with his hand extended out to her. \"Give me the remote.\" He demanded. She shook her head no. \"Give me the damn remote Helen! I'm getting sick and tired of the shit!\" \"Well so am I!\" Helen was on her feet and less than a foot away from him anger pouring off of her like waves. \"I'm tired of knowing that the man I love loves me and isn't going to do anything about it!\" \"You think you know me Helen? You don't. I'm not the same and neither are you.\" Helen threw up her hands in exacerbation. \"I am the same! That's why this doesn't make sense!\" \"One more day Helen! Your memories are one more day away from being the heartless BITCH that ruined my life!\"His body was strung so tight it was all he could do not to kill her right then and here. \"Tell me what I did! Tell me what was so horrible that you can't forgive me after eight years!\" \"YOU PUT ME IN PRISON HELEN!\"All the anger seemed to run out of Helen all at once as she stared at him in confusion. He suddenly realized how close they had been standing and took a few steps back till the armchair he had been sitting in stood between them. He wasn't looking at her anymore. He didn't want to see it again. The realization of what kind of man he was, the slow fade of any remaining love she had for him. It had taken him years to push past it and he couldn't bear to see it again. \"I…I killed a man. You watched me do it…but you never asked why I did it. And the next thing I know you're testifying against me in court. And then…and then I was in prison. For eight years that's where I was, and you were…everywhere else.\" He stopped talking and felt the silence grow thick around him. His heart was pounding about his breathing was slow and painful steady. ' What am I doing? I didn't want this. I wanted her to remember so I would NEVER have to see that look again. What do I do now? She's going to try to run, she's going to try to go to the cops. Do I kill her now? Or do I tie her up and wait for Dylan to surface? What the FUCK am I goin-' \"Was it Connor?\" Seamus snapped his head to the side to look over his shoulder. Helen was here, having moved more silently then he could have thought possible, at his side looking more concerned than he could remember ever seeing her. \"What?\" He breathed. Not sure if he was hearing her anymore or just imaging all this. She rested her hand on his shoulder. \"If it was Connor, you can tell me.\" As he stared into her deep concerned eyes he was brought back, back to one week earlier when he had just gotten out of prison. The car had just pulled up to his family house and he was staring at it through the window. It looked the same except for the color of the drapes in the windows and the growth of the landscaping had made during his eight year absence. \"He's in there.\" It wasn't really a question but his female companion seemed to take it that way. \"He's on the phone with one of my associates right now as a matter of fact. He still thinks he's in control of this bargain and is trying to renegotiate the terms. That's why I needed you. The only terms you have I am more than happy to oblige.\" There was that same faint smile again. Seamus didn't care for it. It hid what she was really thinking and it kind of made her look a little deranged now that he had spent so much time with her. She picked up a box that had been sitting next to her throughout the drive. Seamus cocked his head to the side and watched her hold it out to him, the lid still closed. \"I thought a little poetic justice was in order.\" She opened the box to reveal a single heavy gauge hand gun with a slight nick in the handle. Seamus looked at her in surprise. She smiled once again. \"I have an in with law enforcement.\" He picked up the gun and he felt that righteous anger flow through him. It filled him up until he felt that the only things in this world were the gun and those who had wronged him. He looked at her with suspicion in his eyes. \"The records have been changed. No one will ever link that gun to you ever again.\" Seamus wasn't entirely sure he believed her but the thought of kill Him with this gun…it was too much to ignore. Without another word he got out of the car tucking the gun in the back of his jeans as was his custom. The car pulled away from the drive but he was already up the stairs and was focused on his task. He was just about to try the door when it opened inwards on its own. Seamus stopped dead and tensed for his gun before he realized who it was. Before him stood a very pretty and refined woman with very properly braided red hair. She wore large sunglasses and a casual tan suit which set off her red lipstick even more than it should have. She looked stunned. On either side of her stood two beautiful girls with matching black curly hair; probably six and four years old. The younger of the two had her hair cut short like a pixie while the other wore it long and wavy. Besides the hair color they looked just like their mother. Seamus smiled and bent low so that he was on eye level with the girls. \"Well now…what are your names then?\" Both of the girls looked up at their mother. She nodded in answer but her eyes were locked on Seamus. \"Anne Marie and this is Charlotte. But everyone calls her Lottie.\" The tallest one spoke but the small one nodded enthusiastically. Seamus smiled bigger rising to his feet. \"Well isn't that a sight.\" He mused. \"What are you doing here Seamus? How did you get out?\" His eyes rose to meet hers. Without saying a word he reached out and slowly pulled her sunglasses off. She ducked her head away but he waited. After a few minutes she took a deep breath through her nose and looked at him. Her makeup was impeccable. Eye liner, mascara, foundation, eye shadow, and probably many other things Seamus hadn't even heard of came together in such a flawless arrangement even he could tell she had a practiced hand at it. If it hadn't been so perfect Seamus probably would have missed the swelling growing underneath her left cheekbone where the make-up had been removed by someone's fist. \"Sherry.\" He said softly. \"I came here to keep a promise.\" \"We were just going out for ice cream.\" She suddenly said quiet cheerfully. She took her glasses back and slipped them back into place. Seamus looked at her calmly letting her do so. \"Be careful not to rush. I would hate for some traffic came to catch you talking to one of the family some miles from here.\" He stared very solemnly at her as he said so. She nodded. \"Come along children Daddy needs to meet with his old friend.\" Seamus grabbed her arm as she walked past. \"I'm so sorry I left.\" She looked at him with a grim set to her lips. \"It's was never your fault Seamus. I never blamed you for going away. I only ever blamed her.\" Seamus watched as she walked down the stairs toward her car which was parked slightly down the drive. She paused to look back at him and smiled before getting in. He didn't smile back. He entered through the open door and closed it quietly behind him. The inside of the house was far different and he took the time to note every change he could see. This was no longer his home anymore and it was like air fueling the fire. His eyes drifted down the hall to the door of his father's den. If Seamus was a betting man, which he was, he'd bet his life that that was where He would put his office too. Seamus kicked the door in. Connor was standing by the far wall behind his desk with a phone pressed to his ear. He had apparently been looking at the door before Seamus kicked it in because it seemed rooted to the spot. His hair was still very short and he looked trim; fit even. The biggest change was the suit. It was an expensive three piece suit with tiny pin striping that Seamus had a hard time picking out. The tie was silk, cufflinks platinum, and every stitch of time was in its perfect place. He looked like a gentleman, until you looked into his eyes. There was the thug. The smart, calculating, and brutal cousin that Seamus had once called his best mate. They had grown up together nearly all their lives and Seamus was a little surprised it took this long for things to go so bad. \"Seamus. You're out.\" Connor gave him a tentative smile. Seamus ignored him, his eyes gazing about the room. He decided it looked cheap. Like someone tried too hard to be both refined and intimidating at the same time. Seamus looked back to Connor and noticed that he had moved closer to the desk. \"How did that happen?\" \"I've been wondering that myself Connor.\" Seamus idly ran his fingers over the leather bound book decorating the built in shelves. All of their spines were intact, never cracked open. Seamus stopped when he was about five feet away from Connor. \"I've been wondering how it is I went to jail in the first place.\" For the first time he saw a flicker of fear pass through Connor's eyes. But then it was gone. Seamus continued. \"I mean they couldn't have put me away on just the testimony of one person. Especially not if that person was my girlfriend.\" Seamus was smiling now as if he was enjoying a long standing joke between them. He even laughed. \"I mean think about it. All we would have had to say was she found out I was cheating on her, knew about the bad blood between me and Jimmy DelAngo, and made up some story that I was the one that killed him. Simple. We could have even got me a fake alibi from some bird I was supposedly with. But you know why we couldn't do that?\" Connor shook his head. \"Because someone told them where to find the gun.\" Seamus pulled the gun out of his waist band and pointed it at Connor in one fluid motion. \"THIS gun.\" \"Seamus what are you doing?\" Connor held both his hands out away from his sides, the phone now forgotten on the floor. Seamus' brow furrowed as he pretended to think about what Connor had asked. \"Hhmm. What am I doing?\"Seamus took a few steps closer to him while he 'thought' that over. \"Well I could be killing the son of a bitch that put me in prison. Or one could say I'm 'rubbing out' the power hungry twit that stole my father's business.\" He paused. During his pause he backed Connor into the wall of untouched books. Much like a man before a firing squad. \"That's all you ever really were, isn't it? The second son of the second man in line to run this business. I always thought we were a family first. But that's not how you saw right? You were just waiting. Following my orders but all the same waiting. Waiting for your chance to take me down.\" Connor stared wordlessly at the gun. \"But that's not why I'm going to kill you Connor.\"Seamus placed the gun under Connor's chin but waited for him to look him in the eye. \"Why then?\" He asked. Seamus leaned in close. \"Because I told you that if you ever touched Sherry again I'd kill you. And you didn't listen to me.\" Seamus pulled the trigger and splattered the wall of books behind with blood and other squishy bits he couldn't easily identify. Connor, missing a large portion of the top of his head, dropped to the floor at Seamus' feet. Seamus could almost swear that he heard Connor's last breath leave his lungs, but he wasn't sure. To be safe he emptied the clip into cousin just to be sure. Then he was back. Back in the room with Helen. The next person he was supposed to kill. But he hadn't and she was looking at him. And for the first time he realized that he had told her he had killed someone and she was still looking at him as if she still loved him. \"Yes,\" He said. \"I killed Connor.\" Helen wrapped her arms around him pulling him in close. He was so stunned he let her. His face was buried in her hair. He felt his eyes close as he took a deep breath. He could almost imagine this was how she reacted on the night he killed Jimmy. That the past eight years had never happened. That they had never been apart. ' What the bloody hell is happening right now? Why couldn't I just kill her? Why did all this touchy feely shit have to happen?' He grabbed her shoulders to pull her off of him. She looked at him with such a sad expression on her face he almost pulled her back. She wiped something off his face which made him duck his head away from her touch. He touched his face only to find it wet. She must have whipped a tear off his face. ' What the fuck! What the fuck is going on with me?' \"I'm going into town for lunch. Did you want anything?\" He walked was quickly as he could for the door. \"Um, a Philly Cheese Steak?\" He could tell she was really confused. He stopped in the open doorway. \"Don't go anywhere ok?\" Helen looked around her. \"Where the hell am I going to go? My murder ex-boyfriend has me isolated in the middle of nowhere.\" \"Right.\" He agreed. He picked up the phone from its cradle and put it in his pocket. \"I'll just keep this till we can talk more.\" (AN: Again I am very sorry for the long delays in my updating. But I have a new chapter for both stories! I'm trying!)[Chapter 8] Hello extremely loyal fans, I have recently been going through my emails/review/following notifications and I have noticed that most of them are for How Seamus Met Helen and Better Left Forgot. These stories are very important to me and your interest is equally important. Sadly I have come to realize that if I haven't found the time to finish them by now, a fully fleshed out version is just not likely. So I have an offer. I am going to drag up my old notes, write a quick summary of the important plot points yet to come in both stories, and post it as a gigantic spoiler for the final chapter. I know that is not what any of you were hoping for, but I know how aggravating it is when a favorite story just stops with no closure. I wanted certain chapters in both stories to come out at the same time to further the story in both. Knowing what has been motivating them and how eventually the conflict is resolved. So there will be notes to indicate which plot points are revealed at the same time. Please let me know what you think, the chapters should be out in a few weeks. ","Summary":" Better Left Forgot (AN: Seamus is not always going to be as intense as he is in this firstnchapter."},{"Movie":"Annie","Title":"The Warbucks Girls","Author":"Annie1999fan","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12913599","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Grace Farrell couldn't have been any happier that today was her wedding day! She was finally going to marry Oliver Warbucks after being secretly in love with him for 6 years. She couldn't be any happier to share this wonderful day with her wonderful newly adopted daughters Annie and Molly. But she couldn't help but to heel sad that her parents couldn't be there to share the special day with her. They would love to met Oliver Warbucks and her mother would spoil her granddaughters. Unfortunately her parents both passed away, her father passed from cancer when Grace was 20 and a junior in college and her mother passed away just one year later. Grace has never seen anyone more in love than her parents and her mother's death seemed to be of a broken heart . She was incredibly close with both parents and couldn't bear the thought of losing them both and so unexpectedly. Grace and her mother were best friends and she even took her last two years from college off to care for both parents until they passed Grace had two sisters one older and one younger Jen and Melissa but Grace and her mother had this extra special bond together because she was the middle child.. Grace never got to finish college and ended up working for Warbucks but she hoped when the girls got a bit older she could go back to school to be a teacher. When Grace first started working for Oliver she became very close with Helen Pugh, the cook. She was like a mother to Grace and she told her everything and she felt she could confide to her in whatever she was feeling. Mrs. Pugh even gave her great advice on confiding her feelings she had towards Oliver. She could remember the conversation clearly. They were both snuggling in Mrs. Pugh's bed after dinner as it was their nightly ritual. \"Mama can I tell you something?\" \"Anything my sweet girl.\" \"I'm beginning to have feelings for Oliver but I don't think he likes me the same way of if it's even appropriate.\" \"Well you're a kind beautiful young woman and I could never imagine someone not liking you. Have you talked to him about how you felt?\" \"Well I don't want o make things even more awkward as they are what's with me being umm.…black Mrs. Pugh could see where she was getting at now. She took her daughter's hand and squeezed it. \"Well I'm sure he doesn't see you as any different just because your skin is a different color than his. I'm sure if you talked about ho you felt with him you'll feel much better. You two already seemed like good friends from the start. I think he may like you too.\" \"Thank you mama that rally helped yes maybe I'll try talking to him about ho I feel and see how that goes. I love you mama good night. \"I love you too Gracie Liz my daughter I've never had Goodnight.\" Mrs. Pugh held Grace as she fell asleep into her arms and they both stayed like that for the rest of the night. Grace has now been calling Mrs. Pugh mama even though she could never replace her real mother or the special bond they shared together growing up. Grace couldn't help but miss her parents today and couldn't help but to cry. \"No time for tears baby it's your wedding!\" Grace jumped up not realizing that Mrs. Pugh walked into her bedroom as she was daydreaming about her parents. \"I know mama I just miss my parents so much today I wish they were here to share this special day and how much Oliver and the girls mean to me.\" \"I know how much Oliver and the girls man to you I know you miss your parents today baby but just remember that they're smiling down at you right now and they couldn't be any more proud of you and how far you've come along.\" \"You really think so?\" \"I know so sweet Gracie I love you so much and you have been a daughter to me ever since you came to work here 6 years ago . Let's get you finished up the wedding is about to start.\" Grace wiped her tears away and hugged Mrs. Pugh tightly \"I love you too mama\" Mrs. Pugh helped her daughter get her last few touches of makeup on and fix her veil. \"There you go my sweet Gracie Liz's you look perfect\" Before they both knew it Drake was standing at the door waiting to give Grace away. It was time for the wedding! The wedding was the most beautiful wedding Grace has ever seen. Everything was absolutely perfect and it was snowing lightly, one of her favorite time of year was right now when the snow was pretty and white and not muddy and sloshy. Oliver was incredibly handsome up on the alter waiting for her to become his. Annie and Molly were the cutest flower girls with matching light blue dresses and white shoes. The ceremony was a blur to Grace, she was so nervous and excited at the same time. By the time she knew it, it was time for the kiss and everyone stood up clapping and cheering for the new couple. The reception was beautiful and everyone seems to be having a great time. They hired servants so the staff could be a part of the w doing and didn't have to work. Annie and Molly both seemed to have a gras t time talking eating and dancing. Grace's two sisters Melissa and Jen were their with their kids and Annie and Molly seemed to get along really well with their cousins. Grace was glad that Jen would be staying with the girls this week while she and Oliver went on their honeymoon. That way they could rally bond with heir new cousins. Grace couldn't wait for h many new memories to come with her family. Today was really going to be a day she'd never forget for many many years.[Chapter 2] A/N here's chapter two as promised! This ones for Alicia Morton's birthday! Happy birthday Alicia! haha I added in My Favorite Things from the Sound Of Music because Audra did such a great job at that song in the live version! I have no rights too the song Grace would never forget the day Molly started calling her Mama. The best four letter word she has ever heard in her life. Even though the field have been with the Warbucks family for a little over two months now Molly still couldn't grasp that she was here to stay and called Grace Miss Grace and Oliver Mr Oliver. Grace's heart just about brow when she heard Molly say those words. She just wanted her youngest to know that she was theirs forever and always. Grace decided to try again with getting Molly to call her Mama as she was putting her to bed one night. Grace gently tucked her youngest into bed and gently kissed her forehead. Before the little girl drifted off o sleep Took her tiny hand into hers and said \"Molly baby I want you to know that you are here forever and always and aren't here for any temporary time. Yay can call me Mommy or Mama or anything you want I love you ver much darling. You and Annie both.\" \"I'm really here forever?\" \"Forever and ever baby\" \"I love you so much mama\" Grace couldn't believe what she just heard Molly utter. She finally called Grace Mama! She couldn't believe her ears tears started spilling down her cheeks. Molly was a bit concerned at her mother's tears. \"I'm sorry to make you upset Mama. I didn't mean to make you cry honest!\" Grace squeezed her daughter in her arms \"Oh no baby I'm just so happy at what toy just said.\" \"Really? Is it ok if I call you Mama? That's what I called my first Mama and it'd mean a lot to me if I could call my second mom Mama too.\" \"I would love to be your Mama I love you sweet Molly Jane.. more than you could know.\" \"I love you too Mama good night\" Grace gently kissed her youngest one last time, making sure she was comfortable and left the room leaving the door slightly open just a crack. Aw Grace was walking out of Molly's room and about to head to Annie's to check in her and kiss her good night she almost bumped into her husband who was standing right out in the doorway. \"Did Molly call you Mama?\" \"Yes she did and I love that very much.\" \"I love you Grace Farrell I'm so lucky to have you and the girls in my life.\" \"I love you too Oliver Warbucks I'll be in bed in a minute.\" Grace kissed her husband and went into Annie's room where she was unsurprisingly still up in bed reading. Grace lived how much Annie loved to read but now it was time for bed. \"Annie darling it's bedtime!\" \"Aww gee this book was getting good!\" \"Well it's bedtime now you can finish reading tomorrow.\" Annie reluctantly put her book down and climbed under the covers. Grace gently put th blankets around Annie and kissed her on the forehead. \"Goodnight Annie I love you very very much. More than you'd ever know.\" \"I love you too mom and daddy Warbucks too! Oh did Molly call you mama tonight?\" \"Yes she did I loved it very much. Did she tell you beforehand?\" \"Yeah she told me a week ago but she was afraid to come to you about it.\" \"Well she has nothing to be afraid of I love you two girls both from the bottom of my heart now let's get some sleep shall we?\" Annie then gently drifted off to sleep. Grace shut the door and went quietly back to her and Oliver's suite. Grace got dressed into her nightgown and tucked herself into bed then drifted off into a peaceful sleep. That is until around 2:30 am when she was awoken by the faint sounds of a little girl's cries. Figuring it was most likely Molly she walked down the hall to Molly's room where indeed her youngest daughter was sitting upright in bed tears streaming down her cheeks clutching a pillow. \"Oh my sweet Molly what's the mater? Did you have a bad dream?\" Molly just nodded her head and started sobbing harder. \"It was the bad chicken man, Mama! He came and tooked me away from you and wouldn't let me see you or daddy or Annie again and I was all alone in the orphanage with Miss Hannigan and the chicken man!\" The chicken man thought Grace who could she be talking about? Then she remembered Miss Hannigan's crook brother Rooster who almost kidnapped Annie on chridtmas! Grace went to Molly's bed and gathered her youngest in her arms and held her tightly. \"Oh baby girl nobody is ever ever going to take you or Annie away from us and Rooster is locked up in jail for good!\" \"Really mama? You're not mad that I had a bad dream? You're not sending me back right?\" Grace was shocked to hear her daughter say that! \"Molly Jane listen to me you are here forever and always and I would never ever be mad for having a bad dream it's a part of life you are never going back to the orphanage.\" Molly sniffed and rubbed her tear streaked eyes and leaned her head into her mother's chest. \"Sleep with me mama please don't leave.\" \"Of course baby I'd never love you alone now let's get some sleep.\" \"Sing to me Mama\" was the little girls last request before nearly drifting off for the second time that night. \"Raindrops on roses and whiskers on kittens. Bright copper kettles and warm woolen mittens Brown paper packages tied up with string These are a few of my favorite things …..\" Grace gently sang the sweet lullaby her mother sang to her once long ago as a small child and has been her favorite ever since. Mother and daughter both fell asleep in each others arms.[Chapter 3] Grace could not believe how fast the time has gone by! It was already the middle of June and the girls have bene living wi5th them for over 7 months! Grace spent her first Mother's Day as a mother herself with the girls and Oliver. They went to a carnival in which the girls had the time of their lives at ending with a surprise lobster dinner prepared by Mrs Pugh and spent a quiet evening together as a family. It was a wonderful day for all of them and grace couldn't wait for many more mother's days to come. The girls will be starting school in September, Annie will be entering 5th grade and Molly in 1st. Oliver and Grace thought it'd be best for them to have s tutor so they can be all caught up with the rest of their classmates in the fall. Annie was more than thrilled to hear that she will be attending a real school for the first time in her life. She could only read and write but knew no math so she agreed that she would have s tutor over the summer to help her keep up with her academics for the fall. She couldn't wait to be with kids her age and Grace and Oliver were equally excited for both their daughters to be attending school and not shut up in an orphanage all day. True there were tons of activities for them to do at the mansion but they were bound to get bored at some point. Molly on the other hand has always been rather shy and had a tendency to \"cling\" to Oliver Grace or Annie especially when she is in a new situation so Grace was a little nervous for her youngest daughter being away from her and Oliver for so long. Grace brought it up to Oliver one night when the girls went to bed and they were finishing up work. \"Are you sure this is the best thing to do Oliver?\" \"Mmm?\" \"The girls and school.\" \"They'll be fine Grace nothing to worry about Annie's over the moon excited and she's been catching up with her schoolwork just fine.\" \"Well I know Annie will be fine and she'll have no trouble at all making friends and keeping up with schoolwork but it's Molly Im concerned about she's so shy and not as outgoing as Annie is what if she gets bullied? I just don't want her to be alone or scared in a new situation Oliver she's my baby.\" \"She'll be fine true she's a bit quiet at first but she'll get to know a few friends in her class and if she's ever having trouble in school she should know she can always come to us or Annie about anything. Ans besides grace it's only June too early to get so work d up on worrying yourself so much it's not healthy.\" Grace got up to kiss her husband and calling it a night \"What would I ever do without you Oliver Warbucks? I love you\" \"I love you too Grace have a good night.\" Indeed did Grace try not to worry about the girls starting school for the rest of the summer. The rest of the summer seemed to fly by and Oliver and Grace were thinking of taking the girls on a special end of summer vacation in August. Both girls have never bene to the seashore so they decided it'd be a nice surprise for them to go to the beach for a week as a family before school started. And it'd be a nice treat for both of them for doing so well with their tutoring and being so well caught up. Grace noticed that Molly has had a bit of a hard time learning into her letters and writing but she didn't think much of it she's only 6 and had plenty of time to get the hang of it. Grace decided to tell the girls their idea of a family vacation one night at dinner tweeds the end of July. When Grace went into Molly's room to call her down to dinner she was astonished to see Molly on the floor crying with a book by her side. \"Molly? What's the matter why are you crying?\" \"Because I can't read Mommy! I keep trying and trying with my tutor but I just can't!\" Grace's heart just about broke at her youngest daughters tears and frustration she got down onto the floor next to Molly and gently sat her on her lap. \"Molly Jane you are working so hard with your tutor and me daddy and Annie are extremely proud of you and we are so proud of all you girls have accomplished. So what you have a little Troy or with your letters you'll get the hang of it! Don't you worry baby if you're still having trouble you can always go to your teacher me daddy and Annie for help Ok?\" \"Ok Mommy am I dumb?\" Grace was absolutely shocked at Molly's sudden question \"Molly you are a very smart bright little girl you will never be dumb just because you can't get the hang of some letters so what you just need to work harder and you will get the hang of it who would ever say you're dumb?\" \"Pepper\" \"Well don't listen to Pepper you are very smart! Some on darling it's dinner let's get your sistershal we? I think we may have a surprise for you both!\" Molly instantly jumped out of her moms arms at this \"A surprise? What is it!?\" \"Well if I told you now it wouldn't be a surprise would it?\" Grace took Molly's hand and went to Annie's room to her her for dinner. Both girls were thrilled at the idea of them going to the beach for a week as a end of summer family vacation ! They both have never been to the beach before so they had a lot to look forward to. The beach trip was scheduled to be the end of August in Dennis Cape Cod. It'd be just a week before the girls started school again so Grace was going to take the girls school clothes shopping the week before they left. Grace and Oliver have never been to the Cape themselves so they were both just as excited as the girls were about the trip. The rest of the summer was spent finishing up tutoring trips to the zoo in which the girls were in awe of and many other family adventures. Grace was so proud of the little family she and olive have made together and couldn't wait to see what he not school year would bring for them.[Chapter 4] By the time anyone knew it it was August and just a week away was the trip to Cape acid before school started . The girls were both so excited about the trip and so were Oliver and Grace. Friday before they left for their trip Grace decided to take the girls shopping for clothes and school supplies. She decided to make a day out of it and couldn't wait to spend the day with her daughters. As Grace was cleaning up the breakfast dishes she noticed Annie standing in the doorway. \"Oh hi honey shouldn't you be getting ready? We should be leaving around 11.\" \"I know I just wanted to talk to you about something.\" Sensing Annie was nervous about something Grace put down he dishes she was about to put away and gave her full attention to her oldest daughter. \"What is it baby?\" \"Well it's kinda about school and uh I'm kinda nervous and I really don't want Molly to know because if she sees me this nervous she'll be even more nervous than she already is.\" Grace was shocked to hear that her super outgoing energetic daughter could ever be nervous about something. \"What exactly are you nervous about?\" \"Well what if I don't make friends easily and what if I can't keep up with my schoolwork and boys….\" \"Well for one thing you will be absolutely fine with making friends you're such a friendly person you'll have no trouble at all with that and as for schoolwork you can always come to us or your teacher for help and for boys well you have a very long time to worry about boys I don't think you really have anything to be nervous about youll be fine I know it!\" \"Thanks mom I feel so much better now I love you.\" Grace pulled Annie into a hug and gave her a gentle kiss on the forehead \" I love you too now it's best you start getting ready for a full day of school shopping!\" Annie then ran out of the dining room and upstairs to get ready for the day. Grace was glad she could help her daughter get over her fears of being nervous and she was glad Annie knew she could talk to both of her parents about anything. Grace loved the little one on one moments with her daughters and couldn't wait for today and their vacation week. As soon as both girls were ready Grace took Annie and Molly to the car and drove off to the store to start shopping. It turned out to be a great day. Both girls got some very cute fall and winter dresses a few sweaters and a few pairs of shoes and school supplies. Grace decided to treat the girls to lunch and ice cream, both girls were thrilled about that. As they ate they chatted about their summer and their upcoming family vacation and all the things they could do at the beach and all the fun things they'll do together as a family. \"So girls I see you two are starting school in just a few weeks! How do you feel about that?\" \"I'm really excited mom I can't wait to make friends and learn many new things!\" Grace was glad to hear that Annie was over her nervousness from this morning. Molly pipped up, \"I'm excited too mama! But I'm still nervous about making friends and not being able to read as well as everyone else.\" Remembering their conversation from th beginning of the summer Grace put a reassuring arm around Molly \"Remember what we talked about baby? You will make friends just fine and you have us and your teacher to go to for help if you have trouble reading ok?\" \"Ok Mama,\" The girls finished up their lunches and ice creams and headed backs to the mansion. That night as Grace was tucking the girls into bed Annie sat up in bed before turning in for the night \"Oh mom?\" \"Yes baby?\" \"Thank you for the little talk you have to me today it helped me a lot and I hope to give Molly the same advice too.\" Grace's heart melted at her daughters genuine gratitude. \"You're welcome baby you can come to me or daddy for anything. Both you and Molly never forget that\" Grace kissed Annie one last time before she finally fell peacefully asleep and Grace walked quietly out the room shutting the door and went down the hall to check on Molly where she found the 6 year old curled up under the covered cuddling her favorite doll. Grace giggled at how sweet Molly looked and placed a gentle kiss on her forehead and left the room leaving the door slightly open. Soon it was the last week of August and the Warbucks family was headed for their vacation to the cape. They had everything packed and in the car the night before and Grace and Oliver woke up at 530 am Sunday morning to make sure everything was packed and got the girls up at 545am so they could be on the road by 615 to beat the traffic. Grace first woke up Annie who immediately jumped out of bed not even noticing how early it was and Grace was forever marveled at Annie's nonstandard energy no matter how early in the morning. \"Leapin lizards!\" \"Yes baby it's time to love so it's best you get ready we'll eat a quick breakfast then get on the road.\" Annie went onto the shower to get ready then grace went to wake up Molly. Seeing how deeply asleep her youngest daughter was she felt bad about having to wake her up so early so she just picked her up and let her sleep in her arms she would have her breakfast in the car. After a quick breakfast and a quick bathroom and check up on the house the family left the mansion ans were on the road at 615am with Molly still fats asleep in graces arms. The Warbucks family finally made it to the beach house at 530 that night. Since it was pretty late they decided to hold the beach adventures for the next day they had a quick dinner out then went to the house to get everything unpacked and headed to bed early so they could enjoy a full day at the the beach the next day. Indeed Grace was woken up at the crack of dawn by a very excited 6 year old bouncing on the bed. \"Mama daddy wake up! It's a beach day!\" Groaning and looking at the clock Grace saw that it was only 530 in the morning and she was still tired and Oliver snd Annie weren't even up yet. \"Yes it is a beach day baby but it's still very early can you come into bed with us and sleep for a few more hours? I promise we'll have plenty of time for the beach this week.\" At that molly snuggled in between her parents and they fell asleep once more. By 830 the whole family was up and eating and Annie and Molly were both itching to get to the beach so they all hurried into their swimsuits and packed towels and food to spend the day at the beach . It turned out to be a really exciting day Annie and Molly loved swimming in the ocean and didn't come back to their parents until nearly noon to have lunch. They were both so excited to be at the beach for the first tim and Annie wanted to look for seashells aster lunch. Everyone was enjoying themselves and they did find many shells and rocks to take back to the house with them. The day ended with the family going out to eat, a walk on th boardwalk and of course a late night walk on the beach to look for horseshoe crabs. They did find a few and the girls were so thrilled to see them. Annie and Molly were both exhausted from their full day at the beach Molly couldn't walk any longer and had to be carried back to the house in which Annie wasn't too far behind. They were all in bed by 10 that night all very happy and excited for the week of adventures to come.. The rest of the week consisted of days on the beach, swimming, walking hunting for shells, fish, crabs and building sand castles. The family enjoyed seeing the sights of Cape Cod and trying new kinds of seafood for dinner. They were all so happy to be on vacation before school started and Grace and Oliver were so lucky to have the girls and each other. By the time anyone knew it it was time to head back to the mansion do the girls could get ready for school the next week. They were glad they could make this trip and looked forward to many more trips like these and maybe even have more children to enjoy it with.[Chapter 5] On Sunday the day before school started grace and Oliver decided that it should be a dull family day before another hectic year of Ike and school started. They spent the day at the zoo in which the girls absolutely loved and couldn't wait to go back again. Later that night they had dinner at a fancy restersunt and of course Annie pulled her parents legs into getting them all an ice cram since. So ice cream it was before heading bsck o th mansion to get the girls backpacks clothes and supplies ready for school the next day. Grace tucked Annie in first \"Goodnight annie I love you,get a good nights sleep you have a big day tomorrow!\" \"I will I'm over being nervous I can't wait to make friends and learn! I love you mom good night .\" Grace was glad Annie was over being nervous and kissed her oldest daughter goodnight before shutting the door gently and walking down the hallway to make sure Molly was in bed. Indeed milly was in bed and just about to go to sleep. Grace gently sat on Molly's bed and kissed her lightly. \"Goodnight Molly I love you.\" \"I love you too mama I can't wait to start school tomorrow!\" Grace was glad Molly was beginning to feel better about going to school. She pulled the covers around Molly and gave her one last kiss before leaving the room and leaving the door slightly open as she did every night. Grace then went to her and Oliver's room to settle in for the night. It was a peaceful quiet night for everyone and Grace fell into a deep sleep. Until 330 in the morning Grace was suddenly wakened by a little girl's scream and cries. Knowing it was Molly who probably had a nightmare Grace got up quickly from the bed and hurried to her youngest daughter's room where Molly was sitting up and crying softly. \"Shh mamas here, mamas here don't cry what's wrong? Did you have a bad dream?\" Molly tearfully nodded as she tried to calm herself down. Grace sat on Molly's bed and pulled her into a tight hug. \"Was it about school darling?\" \"Yeah school turned into the orphanage and my teacher was Miss Hannigan and she didn't let me leave and made me clean the whole school alone!\" \"Oh sweetheart it was just a dream! Daddy and I are sending you girls to a great school with wonderful teachers! You have nothing to worry about I promise you.\" Grace hated seeing her daughter so upset about school she didn't want to leave her alone again for the night. \"Thanks mama I love you can you sleep with me tonight?\" \"Of course I will baby.\" Grace and Molly soon fell asleep once again wrapped in each other's arms. The next day started at 730am with the family meeting downstairs for a special first day of school breakfast of chocolate chip pancakes, eggs and bacon, the girls' favorite breakfast. Both girls came downstairs in their new school dresses both seemingly eager to start the day. \"Good morning girls. Let's eat you have to be ready in 20 minutes.\" Oliver said kissing both his daughters on the head. As soon as they ere done eating both girls went up to brush their teeth and collect their backpacks and soon everyone was in the car on the way to school. They dropped Annie off at her classroom first. \"Bye mom by daddy! I love you! See you after school!\" \"We love you to and can't wait to hear all about your first day! Come on Molly let's get to your classroom.\" Grace took her youngest daughters hand and walked her to the first grade room. Molly suddenly became more shy and nervous and started clinging to her mother's hand. \"Oh Molly you have nothing to be nervous about! Daddy and I will be back after school to pick up you and Annie.\" \"Do you promise mama?\" \"We promise baby we can't wait to hear about your first day!\" Molly seemed content at this ans st that she walked bravely into her new classroom. Grace leaned into her husbands chest where Oliver rubbed her back reassuring that both girls will be fine and the lol be happy where they are. \"I love you Oliver.\" \"I love you too Grace.\" At 330 Oliver and Grace went to pick up the girls from school. Annie of course was happy to see her parents and happy to announce that she made new friends and was able to keep up with all her schoolwork. They then went to Molly's classroom where she was just as happy to see her parents as Annie was. \"Hi mama hi daddy! I had a great day! I even had some friends invite me to play at recess! I really like my teacher she's really nice.\" Grace and Oliver were both glad to hear that Molly was happy where she was and were glad she was over her fears from that morning. They all headed bsck to th mansion where the girls played outside for a bit then went in to do what few pages of homework they were given. They then had dinner took their baths then the same routine would be happening for the rest of that week. The next few weeks seemed o go by girls had school came home did a page or two (or if none at all) of himewoek. They were both happy with their classes and seemed to be making some friends and being able to be caught up with schoolwork. Annie was even starting to talk about slumber parties she was getting invited to. Grace was glad her daughters seemed to be fitting g in just fine in school. That is until one Thursday afternoon about a month since they first started school Grace received a shocking phone call from Molly's teacher Miss Evans \"May I speak with Mrs Warbucks?\" \"This is she. Is Molly alright?\" \"Oh Molly is fine but I do have some concerns about her. Is it ok if I had a meeting with you and Mr. Warbucks tomorrow after school.\" \"Yes that is fine. Good afternoon\" Gesce could not believe what she just heard. Molly seemed to be doing so well in school what could be going on now? Oliver seemed to notice how distressed his wife looked. \"Was that Molly's tescher?\" \"Yes she wants to meet with us tomorrow I hope everything is alright.\" \"It'll be fine grace let's just see what Miss Evans had to say at the meeting.\" \"Ok I have no idea what I'd ever do without you.\" Grace kissed her husband and went back to work till it was time to pick up the girls from school. Not wanting to worry Molly about anything Grace and Oliver decided not to say anything about the meeting with her teacher just yet. On Friday afternoon Grace and Oliver went to Molly's classroom to meet with her teacher. \"Mr and Mrs wsebucks I'm sorry to be of any trouble but I have some concerns about Molly's reading and writing.\" \"Well we have noticed that too and we did have a tutor for the girls over the summer and we noticed she became frustrated quite easily.\" Oliver stated squeezing his wife's hand. Miss Evans went on, \"Molly is a bright happy child but we noticed sometimes she has trouble with letters and she gets them mixed up sometimes. Some other teachers and I have come to the conclusion that Molly has dyslexia. I know Molly is very smart and she's in very capable hands and I'm sure she can get through this very easily\" Gesce sat up at the word dyslexia. \"Wait what does this dyslexia mean?\" \"It means that Molly has a disability where she gets her letters mixed up which causes her to have trouble reading. But as I said before she is a bright child and she will be able to overcome her dyslexia.\" Grace could not believe what she just heard! She felt Oliver's hand tighten in hers. They knew Molly had trouble reading but they had no ids it'd be this bad. Molly was her baby she didn't want her to suffer with a diagnosis. \"Well is there some sort of treatment, Miss Evans?\" \"As of right now no, but I think it would be best if Molly was tutored outside of school in a one on one setting.\" \"And if that doesn't work…\" asked Oliver standing up not sure what to expect next. \"Well let's wait until the Christmas holidays and if Molly still hadn't improved at all, well have you considered homeschooling?\" Gesce could not even believe her teacher was suggesting this! Molly seemed to be so happy where she was and grace hated to have to isolate her. Seeing how worried Grace looked Oliver kissed her hand and gave it a squeeze. \"Well if this is best to our daughter I would have to agre but let's wait until the holidays and then see what we can come up with then.\" Grace and Oliver got up to leave and shook Miss Evans hand. \"It's pleased to meet the two of you and again Molly is in great hands I shouldn't worry to much.\" The car ride home was long and quiet. Oliver and Grace both hated to hear that their daughter had a learning disability and didn't want her to be isolated if she was homeschooled, but again if this was the best thing for Molly then they would do what's best for her until she is able to get over her dyslexia . As soon as Oliver and Grace got home Grace's eyes suddenly teared up and she ran up the stairs into her room. When she didn't come out an hour later Oliver decided to check on his wife where he saw the door closed and heard sobs behind it. Mrs Pugh walked by with a cup of tea in her hands. \"I'll talk to her Oliver.\" \"Thank you I just hate her so worried about Molly we both want what's best for her I'll let you talk to Grace I, going to tell all this to the girls. Molly has dyslexia.\" When Mrs Pugh opened the door she was shocked to see grace in bed crying. She gently placed the cup of tea on the night table and went over to her daughter and placed an arm around her. \"Gracie Liz what's the matter?\" \"Oh mama Oliver and I met with Molly's teacher today and she said that Molly has dyslexia.\" \"Oh my sweet Gracie Liz you do not deserve to hear this at all but it's not yours or Molly's fault that she has a lesrning disability please understand that I love you all just the same.\" Grace tried ithout success ro calm herself down, but the tears just seemed to be coming faster and faster at the minute. \"But she's my baby she doesn't deserve to suffer!\" \"Nobody wants to see their child suffer but she is in great hands and I'm sure with yours Oliver's Annie's and the teachers help she will over come this. She is a bright child she can get through her dyslexia.\" \"I know she can get through this the teacher suggested she get s tutor outside of school to help with her reading.\" \"Well if that's best then get her s tutor. Did the teacher suggest homeschool?\" \"Her teacher wants to wait till after the holidays and if her reading has not improved then homeschool would be best. But mama I hate to isolate her.\" \"Well if this is the best thing then you should do what's best for he and she won't be isolated she had you and she can invite her friends over whenever she wants.\" Grace hugged Mrs Pugh at this not knowing what she'd ever do ei5hiyt her. \"I love you so so much mama.\" \"I love you too Gracie Liz more than you know.\" Suddenly Molly walked into the room. Grace opened her arms out to her youngest daughter in which she greatly climbed into her mother's lap. \"Mama I'm sorry I made you sad that I have dyslexia.\" \"Molly Jane it is NOT your fault that you have dyslexia! It's a part of life and I'm sorry I was crying and didn't come talk to you first but I want you to know that me daddy Annie and your teacher are going to help you with this ok?\" \"Ok Mama I don't want to be dumb.\" \"Molly you are not and never will be dumb you are th brightest little girl I know! Your tutor is going to help you and so is daddy Annie your teacher and I. We all will!\" Molly snuggled into her mother's chest. Grace Molly and Mrs Pugh snuggled and held each other snd soon all fell asleep. Molly will get through her dyslexia no matter what it takes grace thought to herself as she cuddled with her youngest daughter as tightly as she could. They were in this together as s fmsily.[Chapter 6] The first few weeks of October were pretty hectic at the Warbucks mansion. Oliver and Grace were interviewing various tutors for Molly. They ended up finding a wonderful teacher who has had experience with working with dyslexic children and could not wsit to start working with Molly and promised to start working with her right away. Molly liked the idea of a tutor as long as she could still be in school with her teachers and friends. Grace and Oliver were both glad to have found a great tutor for Molly and hoped she could get th best education possible. Grace and Oliver promised Miss Evans that they would meet with her once a month to discuss Molly's progress and if they would carry on with th home schooling option. Another thing coming up this month was Annie's 12th birthday. Grace wanted Annie to have the biggest most exciting party she had ever had, after all this is her first birthday ever celebrated in a real home with a great family. Grace could not believe how fast Annie was growing up and she wanted to make sure every wish she could ever ask for come true. She decided to discuss birthday plans with Annie one night after dinner. \"He baby looks like someone's birthday is coming up! What would you like to do for it ?\" \"Well since my birthday is on a Sunday this year I was thinking of having a sleepover party with all my friends from school and Molly on Saturday and I was thinking we can have a girls dinner on my real birthday!\" \"That's a wonderful idea! Let me talk with your father and give me a guest list and we can start planning.\" \"Oh boy!\" Grace gave her daughter a kiss before getting up to go to Oliver's study to talk to him about Annie's birthday plans. Oliver was just as thrilled with the idea of the girls sleeping over and a girls dinner night on Annie's birthday. So for the next few weeks the mansion was hectic with Molly's tutoring and Annie's party planning. Grace wanted to surprise Annie by inviting the girls from the orphanage to her party she knew Annie and Molly would be so happy to have their orphanage friends over. Grace made a few phone calls and fortunately all of the girls were available to come to the party even Pepper! Grace couldn't wait to surprise Annie and Molly. By the time anyone knew, it was the Saturday of Annie's birthday sleepover party. Grace had kept the orphans coming to Annie's party a secret and couldn't wait to see the looks on Annie's and Molly's faces. They have been setting up and getting ready for the party all day and the girls were due to be arriving at 4. Grace had the girls bathed and into new dresses special for the party and downstairs waiting for the guests to arrive by 330. Gesce could telll that both girls were excited especially Annie because she kept going to the window every 20 minutes to see if a guest arrived yet. \"They'll be here soon enough baby it takes time for everyone to get here.\" \"I know mom I just can't wait to start my party and it's going to be the first one I've ever had!\" Just as Annie spoke there was a car pulling into the dirveway snd soon another and another and all of Annie's classmates were arriving on the dot. Annie rushed to the door to greet her friends. \"Hi everyone! I'm so glad you could make it today!mom Molly these are my school friends, Emily Janet and Megan. This is my mom and my sister Molly you can put your things in the guest room upstairs.\" Everyone rushed up the stairs to put their things away and as soon as they came back downstairs all of them including Molly went to play outside while it was still warm outside. Just as the girls went out bsck, Duffy Kate July Tessie and Pepper started to arrive with their newly adopted went to greet the new guests. \"Hi girls!I'm so glad you could make it! This was a surprise for Annie so I'm sure she and Molly will be thrilled to see you all again!\" \"Were glad to be here too Mrs Warbucks I missed Annie and Molly so much.\" Kate said shyly, she was Molly's second best friend at the orphanage. \"Yeah thrilled this party is going to be so boring\" added Pepper which caused Kate to give her a mean look. Grace not seeming to notice the rude remark led the girls outback to where Annie Molly and her classmates were playing. Oliver joined them on the patio when Grace called out to Annie and Molly. \"Girls I think we have some new guests!\" \"Leapin lizards!\" Annie ran to her orphanage friends and gave them all hugs including Pepper who flinched away and Molly wasn't far behind. They couldn't believe their old friends from the orphanage were here and they were so glad to finally catch up and meet Annie's school friends. \"Mom daddy thank you so much for inviting my orphanage friends! We missed them so much and couldn't wait to see them again.\" \"You're welcome dear we wanted to have it a surprise for your birthday.\" \"Well it was the best surprise yet and it's turning out to be the best birthday ever!\" Annie ran to her parents and gave them both a hug and a kiss then led the girls over to where her classmates were playing and introduced them. They then played together and seemed to be really getting along. Grace and Oliver sat on the patio and watched the girls play, all making sure Molly was included in everything which Grace adored about what a caring big sister Annie was. \"I'm so glad Annie could have such a great birthday and be a great big sister to include Molly in all her fun.\" \"I'm glad we could give her everything she could ever want snd I admire Annie for being such a great big sister to Molly.\" Grace leaned into her husband and watched the girls play until dinner which was hotdogs and hamburgers. Everyone seemed to be enjoying themselves even Pepper. For dessert there was chocolate cake with ice cream, one of Annie's favorites. Annie loved the gifts she recieved from all her friends and they all seemed to get along great with the girls from the orphanage. They then went to the movie room to watch some scary Halloween movies. Since Molly got nightmares easily Annie didn't think it was a good idea to watch them with her and her friends and she felt bad for leaving Molly out. Molly seemed ok with it and went to her room to play with Grace for a bit before bed. Grace was glad to get to spend some in on one time with her youngest felt bad that she hasn't been doing that much lately and was glad for that opportunity tonight. Grace noticed Molly looked a bit sad so she decided to talk to her as she was getting ready for bed. \"Is everything alright baby?\" Yeah….\" \"What is it? It seemed like you were having a lot of fun with your sister and her friends.\" \"Well when we were playing a counting game Pepper made fun of me because I got som numbers mixed up.\" At that Molly started to cry a little Grace's heart broke for her daughter and that someone was teasing her over her dyslexia. \"Oh baby don't be upset! Pepper can be mean sometimes but you have to ignore her. You have been doing so well with school and your tutoring. Let's get some sleep we have a big day tomorrow!\" \"Ok Mama I love you.\" Molly snuggled under the covers and grace kissed her before leaving the room. Grace expected it to be a late night and late start of the next day since she heard the girls up talking past midnight but she wanted to or Annie have fun with her friends and decided not to intrude on anything. The next morning the girls woke up at 1030 as expected and Mrs Pugh made a big breakfast of chocolate chip pancakes. Everyone finished up their breakfats then went outside to play some more before they were scheduled to leave at 2. After the last guest left and a tearful goodbye and promise to see each other again for Christmas from the girls from the orphanage, Grace, Molly and Annie got ready for their girls dinner for Annie's birthday. Before Annie ran up the stairs she gave her parents a hug. \"Thanks again for such a great birthday weekend I love you guys so much. Can't wait for tonight.\" \"We love you too Annie happy birthday!\" Grace Annie and Molly went to a Chinese food rdtersunt for dinner. Annie's favorite second to Italian snd Thai food. They talked about the events of the party the ni before and how thrilled they both were so see their orphanage friends. Grace loved these special moments with her daughters and looked forward to more special moments like these. They then saw a movie upon Annie's request and headed bsck to the mansion where Oliver was waiting with cake. The girls were so tired they went to bed at 830 and it was a school night. Grace went to give Annie a kiss goodnight. \"Goodnight mom I love you and thank you so much for a great party and our special girls night.\" \"You're very welcome baby I really enjoyed our girls night too!\" \"I think we should make it a birthday tradition for mine Molly's and your birthday!\" Grace smiled and kissed her daughter at this. \"I think that's a great idea sweetie!\" Gesce gently tucked Annie into bed and shut the door and went to check on Molly where she was Sound asleep. Grace was so happy that Annie had a great birthday and had a girls night. Grace hoped there. Be many more special girls nights and birthdays celebrated like this. She got herself into bed with Oliver and the whole family slept peacefully, ready fo another busy week ahead of them.[Chapter 7] The rest of October and November seemed to be flying by. Molly seemed to be doing alright with tutoring and she had a few friends over the mansion for sleepovers and has been invited to a few sleepovers as well. Grace was so proud of her youngest daughter's progress and all the hard work she's been doing. Molly's birthday was coming up on the 26th and Grace wanted her to have just a wonderful birthday as Annie's. Molly's birthday was on a Monday this year so Grace asked Molly if she'd like to have a sleepover party and a girls night the weekend after thanksgiving. Molly was thrilled with th idea and wanted to invite her friends from the orphanage again. Grace was happy to give both her daughters everything they could ask for so Grace went to plan Molly's party. Also Grace's sisters were coming to New York for the holiday so Grace thought it'd be nice if Kathryn could be at Molly's sleepover too. Of course both girls were thrilled to her their cousin come for the weekend. They haven't seen their cousins since the summer so they were all excited to see each other for the holidays . Jen Katherine and Jacob were scheduled to arrive the day before thanksgiving and Melissa, her husband and Chris were scheduled to arrive early Thursday morning so Grace would have her whole family over for thanksgiving. Grace loved the holidays and was so happy to have a family and children to share it with. Grace Oliver and the girls went to the airport at 330pm to pick up Jen and the kids. They're flight was on time so they arrived at exactly 4:00. Grace ran to her sister and niece and nephew as soon as she saw them walk through the gate. \"Hi Jen! I'm so glad you could stay for the holiday and Molly's birthday. They're so excited to see you guys!\" At that Annie and Molly ran to their cousins and gave them both hugs. They chatted and caught up the whole way to the mansion. It was a pretty quiet night spent together since the next day was going to be a busy one. They all enjoyed their time together. The adults caught up and talked while the kids played outside till it got dark. Grace wanted to fill her sister in on Molly's dyslexia . \"Oh did we mention that Molly has been getting tutored outside of school to help with her dyslexia?\" \"Yes how's that coming along? It must be hard knowing your child has a diagnosis. But I know your family is a strong one and will work together to help her to overcome it. And if Molly wants katheryn would be more than happy to help Molly with her reading.\" Grace hugged her sister tightly. \"I love you Jen yes Molly has been doing well with tutoring and she's would love it if katheryn helped with her reading.\" \"anything for you guys I love you Gracie you will get through this I know you will!\" Jen gave Grace's shoulders a reassuring squeeze and a kiss on the cforehead her. The rest of the night was spent chatting and watching the kids play. It was an early bedtime for everyone seeing that the next day would be an early and busy one. The next day grace and Oliver were woken up at 730am by a very excited 6 year old jumping on the bed. \"Mommy daddy wake up! It's thanksgiving!\" Grace loved Molly's excitement and noticing that it was almost 8 and they should be starting the day anyway she lifted her duaghter off the bed and kissed hr. \"Yes it is baby! Let's get some breakfast we have a busy day ahead of us! Happy thanksgiving!\" At then Oliver woke up and kissed his wife and daughter \"Happy thanksgiving grace ans Molly!\" They al went downstairs to the dining room where the rest of the family met them for breakfast. Melissa arrived shortly after breakfast and all the kids played together while the adults cooked. Grace was glad to have her sisters with her this year. She always loved helping cook with her sisters mother and grandmother when she was little and couldn't wait to share this with her girls. Everyone seemed to be really enjoying themselves. Annie and Molly loved spending time with their cousins and loved the holidays. Dinner was served at 3pm. Before everyone sat to eat Oliver wanted to make s toast. \"Today is a special day and I wanted to say I'm so thankful to have my wife two wonderful daughters niece nephews and sister in laws and brother in law with us today. Also I'm so thankful for everything our family has gone through this year what's with Molly being diagnosed with dyslexia and being able to overcome it. Happy thanksgiving!\" \"Happy thanksgiving!\" Everyone repeated joyfully. It was a happy rest of the day. The kids played and helped the adults clean up and enjoyed apple pie and a cake for Molly's birthday. Grace couldn't wait for Molly to have her friends over on Saturday and Annie and Molly were excited to have katheryn and the girls from the orphanage over too. It was a great thanksgiving for everyone and Grace was so thankful for everything she had this year. Saturday was spent setting up for Molly's party. Molly was so excited to have her friends over from school and to see the girls from the orphanage. The girls were scheduled to arrive by 2 so Grace had the girls bathed and dressed by 130. Molly's friends arrived just in time and the girls from the orphanage came just s few minutes later. \"Jamie Nicole and Alice this is my cousin Katheryn ans the girls from the orphanage Kate Duffy July Tessie and Pepper and my sister Annie !\" Grace smiled at Molly's friends. \"Hi everyone! Thank you for coming to Molly's sleepover party were so excited to have you all! You can put your things upstairs and go ahead and play.\" Grace led the girls into the guest rooms where they put their things then they all went downstairs to play outside. Grace and Oliver watched their daughters and niece play together. They all seemed to be getting along great and Pepper seemed to be less mean to Molly which grace was glad about. She was so happy to give her youngest daughter the best birthday she could ever ask for same with Annie's. Grace leaned into her husband and kissed him. She stayed wrapped into her husbands arms as they watched the kids play till dinner. Everyone seemed to enjoy their dinner of spaghetti and meatballs, Molly's Favorite and yet another cake. (Since when did they eat that much cake? Grace wondered.) The rest of th evening was spent similar to Annie's party. The girls watched movies and talked for most of the night. Grace went to go check on Molly before heading to bed herself. \"Goodnight baby girl I'm so glad you're enjoying your birthday weekend!\" \"Thank you mama and daddy for such a great birthday I love you and can't wait for our girls night tomorrow.\" \"Neither can I don't stay up too late!\" Grace kissed Molly one last time then went to kiss Annie goodnight. Everyone seemed to sleep peacefully that night. They were all exhausted from their busy weekend but were excited to celebrate Molly's birthday the next day. Grace loved the girls night birthday tradition and loved Annie for thinking up that idea. The next day the girls woke up pretty late and had breakfast of pancakes as usual. They then went outside to play some more before th Girls left and Annie Molly and Grace had to get ready for their girls night. Everyone had a great time, even Pepper. After goodbyes were made Grace sent the girls upstairs to rest a bit then get ready for that night. Grace did the same herself. After napping for a good 3 hours Grace Annie and Molly were dressed and ready to leave. They saw a movie then got dinner at a nice resteraunt. Grace loved these special one on one moments especially birthdays. \"So Molly did you enjoy your weekend?\" \"Yeah I did mama thank you so much!\" Molly went around the table to hug Grace. Annie did the same. \"Yeah I had a great time too mom. I loved seeing my cousins I wish we could see them more often.\" \"Well maybe the two of you could go to Chicago for a week in the summer? What do you guys think of that?\" Both girls nodded esgerly at the idea. They loved spending time with their cousins and couldn't wait to visit them in the summer! They enjoyed their meals then went back to the mansion to spend time with Oliver. After such a busy weekend they were glad to have a quiet peaceful evening with just them. Grace was so glad she could give her daughter such a great birthday. She was so glad Molly had some good friends to share it with too. By the time grace went upstairs to check on the girls before bed they were both peacefully asleep exhausted from their busy fun weekend. Grace kissed her daughters and pulled the covers up around them. Before leaving Molly's room she gently whispered \"Goodnight Molly I'm glad you enjoyed your birthday weekend. Happy birthday baby I love you.\" Molly smiled in her sleep at this ans Grace shut off th lights and shut the door.[Chapter 8] It was already the week before Christmas break and the meeting with Molly's teacher both grace and Oliver have been dreading. Grace knew that Molly was doing alright with her tutor, but there were still times she would get frustrated. Grace wanted what was best for her daughter no matter what the option was. Grace and Oliver walked into Miss Evan's classroom on Friday afternoon. She shook hands with them both and told them to sit. \"Thank you so much for meeting with me today mr ans Mrs Warbucks. I have discussed withmollys tutor and it looks like she hasn't been showing much progress at all with her reading and writing.\" Grace knew this was coming she braced herself for the worst \"Well she seemed to be doing alright with her tutor we didn't seem to see anything wrong.\" \"Well from what the tutor and I have seen, Molly has been learning best in a one on one setting. I think homeschool is the best choice for her right now and she can com back when she is ready.\" Oliver squeezed Grace's hand Grace could not believe this but still it was the best choice for Molly. \"Well if it's the best thing fo Molly then I'd have to agree wi5h you. But I don't want her to feel isolated does this have to be for any permanent time?\" \"Well were hoping she can come back in a year or so and of course she can see her friends whenever should like. I have noticed she has some great friends and she's a very happy and bright child we will Miss her dearly.\" Oliver didn't like the sound of this either but since it was his daughter and he wanted the best education for both his daughters he couldn't agree more with Grace and Miss Evans. \"Alright Miss Evans thank you so much we will get the best homeschool teacher for Molly I think we would both like her tutor to become her homeschool teacher she is a wonderful woman.\" \"Yes thank you for making this meeting and understanding the situation. Trust me this is th best choice for your daughter. You are welcome to call me any time to updat on Molly's progress. Happy holidays!\" Grace and Oliver wu colt got up and shoot Miss Evans hand. They both quietly left the room and headed beck to the mansion which was a long quiet ride fo both Grace and Oliver. Grace wanted what was best for Molly and wanted her to have the best education possible but she hated taking her away from her friends where she was so happy. She decided to talk to Molly about it when she got home. As soon as Grace got him she found Molly in her room playing with her dolls. As soon as she saw Grace she jumped into her Molly hers arms. \"Hi baby can I talk to yo for a minute?\" \"Am I in trouble?\" \"Oh goodness not at all I just wanted to talk to you about the meeting we had with Miss Evans. Molly I know you've been doing well wi5h your tutor but we think it's best if you are homeschooled for the time being.\" At this a tear slid down Molly's cheeks and Grace's heart broke into pieces at Molly's reaction to the news. She knew this was coming sooner or later. \"But mama I love school and Miss Evans and my friends! I don't want to leave!\" \"I know baby but look a It this way you'll get one on one help with your reading because Miss vans can't work with you all the time and have 20 other students to teach. And as for friends you can invite them over all the time how does that sound?\" Molly's face lit up at this and hugged her mother. \"Well Ok Mama that's a good idea I really want to get better at reading and writing .\" \"That's my girl! Come on let's get some dinner.\" Grace was happy that her daughter was able to accept the face that she had to me homeschooled. It'd be the best choice for her, but she still couldn't help to see, a bit more quiet at dinner and Mrs Pugh could sense something was wrong and decided to talk to her daughter later that night. \"Come Gracie lets go to my room for a snuggle and talk.\" Grace greatly agreed and followed Mrs Pugh into her rom with a nice hot cup of tea and a plate of cookies for each of them. Mrs Pugh pulled Grace into her arms and held her for a moment. \"So what's this I hear about Molly being homeschooled?\" \"Yes we thought it was best for her to learn in a one on one setting instead of a classroom.\" \"Well that does sound like it's the right choice how did she handle it?\" \"Well she was upset at first but then I told her it's for the best and she can invite her fri new over any ti m she wants. Oh mama I know this is the best for her and I want what's best but I hate seeing her upset.\" At that tears started streaming down Grace's cheeks and Mrs Pugh gave her a tight hug and kiss on the top of the head. \"Oh the poor dear but sue should know that you love her so much you want the best education for her as possible .i know it's hard baby but you'll get to watch in on Molly's schooling during the day and you can spend time with her more. I love you Gracie more than you know.\" \"I really don't know what I'd do without you Mama I love you so much.\" Mrs Pugh pulled grace into her lap and grace let herself be 5 years old again and cried into Mrs Pugh chest until they both fo asleep together. Grace loved Mrs Pugh so much and it was times like those when she loved her most and wished her real mother was alive to snuggle and give her advice but Mrs Pugh was just as motherly to her as her real mother was. Grace was forever thankful for Helen Pugh tonight and forever. The Christmas holidays were busy and exciting for the whole family. Grace's sisters and niece and neophytes flew in for Christmas and the girls loved seeing their cousins. Everyone spent a fun Christmas Eve enjoying ice skating, looking at Christmas lights and of course visiting Santa. The girls loved sitting on Santa's lap. They both gave him a huge list of every toy game and clothes they could think of. Grace loved having her family here for the Christmas holidays and it's one year since Annie was adopted! Grace was so proud of both of her daughters and ho much they've grown since last year. Christmas Eve dinner was a huge feast of turkey stuffing pies cakes and cookies for dessert and of course eggnog for the adults and hot chocolate for the kids. They all had a grew time talking and catching up. They all went to bed at 9 knowing the next day was going to be a busy one. Indeed at 645 the next Moro Grace and Oliver were on uo by two very excited girls. \"Merry Christmas mom and daddy ! Time to wake up! Santa came Santa came!\" Annie was practically bursting with excitement and Molly soon caught on. She jumped onto the bed and into her parents arms. \"Merry Christmas mama and daddy! Can we please please up now? I wanna see what Santa brought us!\" Grace loved her daughters excitement but not this early in the morning, but figuring they'd be at this for hours both Grace and Oliver got out of bed and put on their slippers and robes. The girls thbe raced downstairs their parents following behind. Soon enough everyone else in the house was up and downstairs in the foyer where the huge Christmas tree was and yes the floor was covered with presents! The kids were all so excited to see what they got from Santa. They all got tons of clothes toys books and games. Annie and Molly were especially excited about to new bikes for each of them. A pink one for Molly and a red one for Annie. They couldn't sit to ride their new bikes. There was a huge Christmas breakfast waiting for them. Everyone spent the rest of the day playing with new toys, riding bikes and spending tim it's their cousins. Annie was really picking up fast with bike riding and Molly wasn't too far ahead with catching up. \"Leapin lizards a new bike! We love our bikes and all our presents!\" Annie got off her bike and hugged both hr parents. \"Were so glad you're both enjoying them. Merry Christmas Annie and Molly!\" The rest of the day was spent together and the girls from the orphanage came over for dinner. They had such a great Tim together and Grace and Oliver were glad they could share the holiday with their friends. They were so happy to see how far along they've com in just on short year and couldn't wait to see what 1935 has in store for them. That night th Girls were so tired from all the Christmas festivities. Grace went to check on Annie first. \"Merry Christmas Annie I love you I'm so glad you could enjoy today with your cousins and friends.\" \"Merry Christmas mom I love you and daddy more than anything and thank you for giving Molly and I the best home we could've ever asked for.\" Grace gave Annie a big hug and kiss goodnight. She then peacefully fell asleep and Grace shut the doo behind her. Grace went into Molly's room where she was just ab ur to fall asl p. She gently pulled the covers tightly around her and kissed her lightly. \"Merry Christmas baby girl daddy and I love you and we so proud of how far you've come especially with your dyslexia.\" \"I love you mama merry Christmas goodnight.\" Molly then fell asleep snd Grace went to her and Oliver's room where he was already asleep. Grace gently kissed her husband and whispers. \"Merry Christmas Oliver I love you and the girls more than anything. Thank you for adopting them and marrying me.\" Oliver smiled sweetly in his sleep and grace snuggled into his side and then drifted off herself.[Chapter 9] This year was Grace's first real Valentine's Day. Sure she's had some sweethearts in the past and went to a few Valentine's Day dances in school. But this was her first one being really and truly in love with Oliver Warbucks. They loved each other every day but today was extra special and she had two extra special girls to celebrate with and a little on on the way. Yes Grace Warbucks was pregnant with her first child. She was a little over a month along and she hasn't told Oliver or Annie or Molly. She wanted to make it a special and do it on a special day and this as the perfect day for Ir. Grace was more than excited to find out that she was having a baby, but she couldn't help but to be a bit scared and nervous at the same time because she has never taken care of an infant before. But she knew she'd be able to do it and her and Oliver will figure it out and they'll have the file to help out with the baby at Tim's too. Since Valentine's Day was on a Wednesday this year the girls brought cookies to share with their classmates at school. They even made her and Oliver a sweet little Valentine's Day card and gave it to them this morning at breakfast. \"Thank you darlings it's a sweet card I love you two very much\" Grace bent to kiss tee daughters who were sitting next to her at the table. \"You're welcome mom I love you\" \"I love you mama and Daddy happy Valentine's Day\" Oliver kissed both his girls then said it was time for them to start getting ready for school. After they were both dropped off at school Grace and Oliver were back at the mansion trying without any success to focus on work. \"Uhh grace I think work can hold itself till tonight after the girls are in bed. We have the whol house to ourselves now… you know what that means..?!\" \"Oh Oliver you know th staff is still here and we never have an \"empty\" house\" Oliver then got up, shut the door to ththe study and locked it. He then went to his wife and pulle he into his arms and kissed her passionately. \"Oh now I ge what you meant! You are so sly\" Grace teased her husband and kissed him again before remembering what she need to tell him. She suddenly pulled away from him. \"Oliver I have something to tell you\" \"Is something wrong?\" Oliver began to get a worried look on his face. \"Well do you remember how I was sick for a few weeks?well I just went to the doctor last week and… they gave me some news\" \"Wha is it Grace please tell me! Whatever it is I'll always be here for you and help you in any way\" Oliver was starting to los his cool at that moment he took a deep breath and waited for Grace's answer. \"I'm fine Oliver I'm pregnant I'm going to have a baby!\" For a moment Oliver was completely stunned and found do nothing but stare at his wife. \"Is everything ok I wanted to wait for the right moment to tell you and I thought today was perfect for it.\" At that moment Oliver swept grac into his arms and kissed her. He couldn't be any more happier that the love of his life was going to have his baby! Their first baby together! \"Oh grace I love you so much! This is the best news 5hank you for surprising me today it's the best Valentine's Day gift I could've ever gotten.\" \"I'm glad I'm a little over a month along. Let's tell the girls tonight at dinner we'll surprise them!\" \"That's a great idea if you need to rest please do I'll do the work tonight.\" \"I'll be fine but thank you for the offer I'll rest when I need to\" Grace kissed her husband and they attempted to get at least a bit of work done before th girls got home. But Grace couldn't help but feel a bit distracted. It was turning into a great Valentine's days for th both of them and grace couldn't sit for the girls to come home from school so they could announce the big news. She knew Annie would b over the moon excited but Molly was a different story. She was more attracted to Grace than Annie was and she wasn't sure if she'd take the news well. It would be hard for Grace to give Molly the attention she needed especially late Ron in her pregnancy. She was just going to wait and see ho Molly would react to the news then figure out what she should do to make sure Molly knew that she is loved and save and here forever. She also wanted Molly to understand that she was a big girl and realize that grace needs to give herself and the new baby attention too. The girls finally came home at 2 ans had their after school snack. As they were eating their snack Grace mentioned that they had a surprise for them at dinner, \"Is it a pony?\" Grace laughed at her youngest daughter's cute excitement about a pony. \"Well baby not a pony but I think you will both be excited with the news.\" That night Mrs. Pugh made made a great dinner of ham, potatoes and green beans. As they were just getting finished with eating Grace and Oliver thought it was time to announce th baby to the girls. \"Girls do you remember when your mom was sick a few weeks ago?\" \"Yeah mom are you Ok? What's wrong?\" Annie started to get really worried about her mom's health. Grace kissed her forehead and said \"Nothing is wrong sweetie in fact I'm fine. I'm going to have a baby!\" Annie's eyes lit up with excitement. \"A baby! Oh boy! Leapin lizards! Can I help when the baby comes? I want a brother!\" Grace smiled at her oldest daughter's pure excitement. She loved how Annie got so excited so easily and wanted to help with the baby. She knew she would make a great big sister because she already is a great big sister to Molly. Grace then turn d to her youngest daughter and noticed tears in her eyes. Knowing this would be coming but not this soon after announcing her pregnancy. She pulled her youngest into a tight hug. \"Oh baby what's wrong? You're going to have a new brother or sister! Aren't you excited?\" \"But mama I don't want you to forget me ans Annie and you'll love the baby more than us because we're adopted and this is your baby. I love you and daddy I don't wanna go back to the orphanage!\" \"Oh my sweet baby! I want you to look at me right now and I want you to know that just because I'm having a child of my own doesn't mean your daddy and I love you and Annie any less than our own child. We would never ever send you back to the orphanage just because of that we will love you all the same. Do you understand me?\" Molly blinked her eyes and wiped her tears with her sleeve. \"Yes mommy I love you\" Milky snuggled into her mother's chest and stayed with her the rest of the day. The next few weeks seemed to be dragging by. Grace had the occasional morning sickness but but as bad as ho it started. She was sleeping well and seemed to be eating healthy. Grace loved being able to watch in-on Molly's homeschooling and she seemed to be doing well. Grace was still able to keep p work work and be able to take rests throughout the day thanks to her wonderful husband. Everyone was so excited about the new baby and grace couldn't wait till the baby arrived. Annie was over the moon and talked non stop about what the baby would be and all the fun things she and Molly. Would do with and teach baby. Grace knew Annie was going to be a great big sister and a great help for grace later in her pregnancy and when the baby arrived. Molly on the. other hand wasn't too sure about he any and was even more clingy to Grace than usual. She loved her youngest. Daughter dearly but needed her rest especially later on in her pregnancy. She knew this would happen eventually not she didn't expect it to be so soon. She wanted molly to understand that Grace loved her but she needed her to be a big girl and she needed her to realize that she needs to share her mother with a younger sibling. She hated seeing Molly so upset so she decided to talk to Mrs. Pugh about the situation. \"How are the girls dealing with you and the baby?\" Her and Mrs. Pugh were in the dining room one night after dinner over tea and a pie. \"Well Annie is as always excited and can not wait to be a big sister. Molly on the other hand seems a bit more nervous about the new baby and has been even more clingy to me lately. I'm just worried about how she'll be when the baby arrives.\" \"I think it's normal for an older sibling to be a bit jealous when a new baby comes along. I had that experience with my daughter when I was pregnant with my son. I told her that I love them just th same and always will. I took her out on a special one on one day and she felt better after that. Maybe try that with both girls so they will know how special they both are to you even with a new baby.\" \"Yes I'll try a special one on one day with both of them. I sure hope this helps.\" \"It takes time dear Molly is still young and doesn't understand ad well as Annie does that there will be other people in your life that she had to share you with.\" \"Thanks mama I love you I'll try talking to Molly and take them both on a girls date just-the two of us.\" Grace kissed Mrs. Pugh and net off to find Molly. Grace found Molly in Annie's room playing with her dolls. Molly immediately jumped into her mother's arms upon seeing her enter the room. \"Hi mama! We're playing house! Want to play with us?\" Grace kissed her daughter and put her don. \"Maybe in a bit. Can we talk for a moment?\" \"Am I in trouble?\" \"No not at all I just ant to see ho you're doing. Let's go to your room shall we?\" Molly took Grace's hand and went to her room. The two of them sat on Molly's bed snuggled up. \"Molly I love you very very much but I've noticed you don't want me to leave your side lately and it's been happening ever since I announced the baby. Is everything alright?\" \"I love you mama I don't want you to forget about me when the baby comes and you and daddy will send us back to Miss Hannigan!\" At that Molly burst into tears. Grace's heart just about broke at why Molly has been so clingy lately. She was worried that just because her and Annie are adopted her grace and liver will love the baby more than them! Oh the poor little girl. Grace scooped her daughter into her lap and held her and let her cry it out. When molly was calm enough grace put her hand onto Molly's chin and said in a firm clear voice, \"Molly Jane Warbucks just because you and Annie are adopted and we are having a baby of our on does NOT mean that we will love you or your sister any less than we love the baby. You two are my world and always and forever will be! Do yo understand?\" \"Yes mama I love you.\" \"I love you too more than the world. How would you like to have a special day just the two of us? I will do the same with Annie of course but it will be a special one on one day and we can do anything you want!\" Molly's eyes lit up at this. She hugged her mother and gave her a huge kiss. \"Anything!?\" \"Anything my dear it's your special day!\" Grace as glad Molly seemed to be over her nervousness of the new baby coming. Annie loved the idea of a special one on one day with her mother too. The Saturday after their little heart to heart Grace had her special day with Annie. First they went out to breakfast and then went to the aquarium since Annie has been wanting to go for a while. That took most of the day and Annie loved every moment with her mother just the two of them. They then got a late lunch and early dinner and went out for ice cream. Annie loved her special one on one day and Sunday would b Molly's ten and graced hoped that this would cure Molly of being jealous of the new baby and she would be excited about a new sibling. Sunday grace took Molly out for breakfast similar to Annie. Molly has been asking for a kitten for some time so Grace took her to the pet store to pick one out. Molly picked out a black and white kitten which she named Oreo. She loved him very much. They then went to lunch and saw a movie. Molly rand ally seems to be enjoying herself. Grace tucked Molly into bed that night snuggled up with Oreo. \"I had fun today mama thank you for Oreo I love him very much. Goodnight mama I love your.\" \"You're very welcome my dear I'm glad you enjoyed your special day I th me. Goodnight baby girl I love you and don't you ever ever forget that!\" Grace kissed Molly on last time and gave Oreo a gentle pat before leaving the room. Grace was glad she got to spend equal time with both her daughters just the two of them and hoped that Molly would be just as excited for the baby as Annie was. She thought she'd take the girls shopping for with the baby's room next month to get them even more excited . She did t ant either of them especially Molly to feel jealous or abandoned. She'd love all her children just the same blood or adopted. Grace got into bed with Oliver that night and snuggled into her husbands side and enjoyed the sleep she probably wouldn't get much of once the baby came.[Chapter 10] The months seemed to fly by as Grace became more into her pregnancy. She loved being pregnant and she took every moment she could to rest and take breaks during work thanks to her wonderful husband for allowing her to have a flexible schedule. That helped her to find time to sit in on Molly's homeschooling during the day. Molly has really been progressing so well with her reading and writing that they decided to meet with Molly's teacher at the end of April too see if she could go back to school in the fall. Grace hoped beyond hoped Molly was able to get back into a classroom. One Friday after school at the end of April Grace and Oliver went to Miss Evans class ion to discuss about Molly's progress. They were both nervous and excited st the same time it would b gr s to have Molly back in school in a normal classroom with other children her age. As Grace and Oliver entered the classroom Miss Evans gave them each a quick hug and welcomed them to sit. Oliver went first. \"Thank you for taking the time to meet with us today. Molly's homeschool teacher and grace and I have seen a huge progress in Molly's reading and we think she's ready to come back to school as soon as possible.\" \"From what I have heard from Molly's teacher she is doing extremely well but we want her to continue with homeschooling until the fall so she can start off fresh with the other students.\" Grace was relieved to hear this she hugged Miss Evans tightly. \"Thank you Miss Evans we both appreciate this and Molly I'll be so thrilled to come back to school with her friends! Thank you again from all of us.\" They all got up sook hands and left the room. Grace couldn't wait to get back to the mansion to share the wonderful news with Molly. When they got back to the mansion grace found Molly in the kitchen with Annie eating cookies . \"Hi girls! I can see you two made cookies!\" Annie got up to hug her mother. \"Yeah we did! We helped Mrs. Pugh bake them have one!\" Laughing, Grace patted Annie on the head \"I will in a bit dear do you mind if I talk to Molly alone?\" \"Sure.\" Grace gestured for Molly to stay where she was. She smiled at her daughter to let her know there was absolutely nothing wrong. \"Hey baby do you remember how me and daddy had a meeting with your teacher today?\" \"Yeah.\" \"Well me daddy your homeschool teacher and Miss Evans have noticed how well you have been doing with your reading and writ8 g and we've decided to let you go back to school in the fall!\" Molly immediately jumped up from her seat and ran to give her mother a huge hug and kiss. She couldn't me more thrilled and Grace was beyond happy for Molly. \"Really Mama? I can go back to school with my friends?!\" \"Really baby you have been doing so well and were all so proud of you!\" \"Oh boy! Thank you mama I love you and I will keep working on my read g over the summer so I can be better at it next fall.\" \"That's my girl. Do you want to help me pick out a theme for the baby's room this weekend?\" \"Ok! Me you and Annie!\" Grace was glad Molly was over being jealous of the new baby and could finally be excited. She was happy the one on one day helped. There were still some nightmares and tears here and there but Grace was always there to comfort Molly and reassure her that she was loved and will never ever be forgotten. Annie even got into making Molly get excited for the new baby and they would both help out with grace when the baby came. Molly was excited to be a big sister! The following Saturday grace Annie and Molly went out shopping for the baby. They decided on a zoo theme for the nursery since they didn't know the gender of the baby yet they wanted to keep it gender neutral. Even Molly helped pick out the bedding, blankets and a few stuffed animals. They bought some bottle, clothes, diapers and a new rocking chair. Both girls couldn't wait for the baby to arrive so they could show them the nursery. They then decided to get some lunch, catch a movie and ice cream before heading buck to the mansion. Both girls really enjoyed themselves and grace was glad to spend time with her girls before the baby arrived. As they unpacked the stuff they bought and started setting up the nursery Grace asked the girls what they would name the baby. After a moment of thought Anne said , \"I like Margret Sarah for a girl or David James for a boy after our birth parents.\" Molly nodded in excitement at the name ideas. . \"Yeah I really like those names! What about you mama?\" \"I love them! Now you can honor your birth parents by naming your sibling after them.\" Grace got up and hugged her daughters. She was so touched that they wanted the baby to be named after their parents to who birthed them. Nothing could ever break the bond of a birth mother and Grace loved Annie for coming up with the idea. Just at that moment Oliver walked into the room. \"Mind if I ask what's going on here?\" Grace got up to kiss her husband and pulled him into the room. \"We were talking about baby named we really like Margret Sarah and David James after the girls' birth parents it was Annie's idea and I absolutely love it.\" \"Those are lovely names I love both of them and I love the three of you!\" The rest of the weekend and next few months was spent getting ready for the baby and putting the nursery together. The girls did spend a week in Chicago with their cousins and had a blast. The whole family was getting more and more excited as the months came closer to Grace's due date. They decided to have another family trip to the beach again in August before the baby came and school started again. This time around there was no nervousness and both girls were excited for school and Annie could t wait to start middle school and Molly couldn't wait to be back in a classroom with her friends. A lot of the summer was spent together as a family and getting ready for the baby. Soon August finally arrived and grace was already 8 months into her pregnancy. They decided to have their trip in New Jersey just in case the baby decided to make a surprise appearance. They planned to stay for two weeks at a beach house similar to the one the6 stayed in last summer. The girls stayed on the beach since the day they arrived. They loved the beach and the ocean and couldn't sit until their new sibling was old enough to share it with them. They all had fun swimming, looking for shells, crabs and other treasures, building g sand castles and grace couldn't wait for th baby to enjoy all this too. One night around 4am a few days into their trip Grace felt a sharp pang in her stomach. Thinking nothing of it she went back to sleep but the pangs kept coming and getting worse and worse. Then she realized she was in labor! The baby was co I feel now and right in the middle of their vacation! She shook Oliver awake. \"Oliver wake up! The baby is coming!\" \"What!? Now!? It's too early.\" \"Well the baby is coming now we need to get to the hospital. Should we get the girls up?\" Oliver quickly got out of bed and started packing a bag for Grace to take to the hospital. \"They'll be fine we'll leave them a note I'll come back to get them after the baby comes.\" Oliver helped grace out of bed and after writing the girls a quick note they headed out to the car to drive to the hospital. Grace's labor pains became more constant and closer to each other and by the time they got to the hospital she was literally about to push the baby out. Luckily they were able to get into s room so Grace would deliver . A healthy baby girl Margret Sarah was born at 515am and grace and Oliver didn't mind at all that she interrupted their vacation. Grace was so happy that she had three beautiful healthy daughters and could r wait for Annie and Molly to meet their new sister. Grace loved Margret the very minute she lay eyes on her. She was beautiful and perfect and couldn't wait to have a relationship with her as special as Annie's and Molly's. Oliver kissed his wife and new daughter. \"I love you grace and the new baby I can't wait for the girls to meet her. I think we should cut the vacation short so we can get you and the baby settled in at the mansion.\" \"Ok I'm just happy she's here and healthy and I have my whole family to celebrate her birth with.\" \"We're going to have quite the story to tell her when she's older! Of how she made a surprise appearance on our family vacation!\" Oliver teased kissing his wife once more before heading back to the house to get some more things and the girls to come back to meet the baby. Just an hour later grace could hear running feet coming from down the hall and figured it was Annie. She nearly burst into the room with excitement. \"Mom! I got another sister! Oh boy oh boy!\" Grace laughed at how excited Annie was and Molly soon came in with Oliver. She suddenly became a little shy and hung back st Oliver's side. Oliver gently pushed Molly towards the bed. \"It's alright Molly go see mama and your new sister.\" Grace patted the spot next to her for Molly to sit. She greatly snuggled next to her mother and looked at the baby in awe. \"Wow mama she's so little! What did you name her?\" \"Margret Sarah.\" \"I love you Margret Sarah.\" Molly whispered gently to the baby in which she turned her little head and smiled up at her new sisters. Annie then asked \"Can I hold her?\" \"Sure baby just be gentle with her alright?\" Grace gently handed Margret over to Annie in which she held and spoke softly to. She then put the baby into Molly's arms. She was a bit awkward with holding her head at first but Grace helped her carefully lift the baby's head. They then spent the day holding and cuddling the went back to the mansion a few days after leaving the hospital so the baby ans Grace could get settled in. Even though the girls were disappointed that their vacation had to come to an early end they were beyond excited to show off their new sister to everyone back at the mansion. Grace's family was now complete and couldn't wait for the many new memories to be shared with all three of her beautiful Warbucks daughters.[Chapter 11] A/N here's my last chapter of The Warbucks Girls! I had so much fun writing this and I hope you all had just as much fun reading it! This chapter takes place 6 years after the movie which makes Annie 17 and graduating from high school Molly 12 and Maggie 6. Grace could not believe how fast the time has gone! Annie was just about to graduate high school and go to college at the Rochester Institute Of Technology to be an American Sign Language interpreter. Grace couldn't be more proud if the path Annie was taking and loved seeing the little energetic girl turn into a mature sophisticated young adult. She even received a scholarship for interpreting and was going to work at a deaf camp in Connecticut for the summer! Molly was entering 7th grade. She was still shy but a lot more talkative and outgoing than she used to be. Grace was so proud of Molly and she has come such a long way with her dyslexia and was able to keep up its her classmates. She was even participating in school plays and was on the field hockey team. Grace couldn't believe the wonderful teenager Molly was becoming. Little Margret Sarah(Maggie) was a happy energetic 5 year old and she loved her big sisters! Molly and Maggie were nearly inseparable and were just as close as her and Annie were and still are. Grace love the special bond her three daughters had together. Grace and her daughters were still as close as ever even Annie still liked to snuggle up with her and talk just like she did when she was younger. A week before Annie's graduation they decided to have a huge party for her at the mansion. Annie was so thrilled at the idea so Grace went on to plan her party. Grace remembered the first time she ever planned a party which was Annie's 12th birthday and now she was planning a high school graduation party! She couldn't help but to cry a little and just at that moment Oliver walked into the study where he found Grace crying softly. \"Oh darling what's the matter? Did som thing upset you?\" Not knowing Oliver walked up behind her, Grace gave a little gasp of surprise so see her husband in the middle of crying and quickly wiped her tears away. \"Oh no nothing at all I'm just remembering the first time I planned a party for Annie for her 12th birthday and now I'm suddenly planning a graduation. I can't believe ho fats she's grown up.\" \"Me neither one minute she's a tiny strange orphan staying in my house for two weeks now she's our little girl all grown up going to college.\" \"I can't think but to miss her already Oliver.\" \"I know Grace but she's only a few hours away and I'm sure shell be coming home on weekends and holidays and we still have Molly and Maggie at home.\" Remembering her to other daughters grace smiled at her husband and gave him a tight hug and kiss on the ear. \"You're right I love you Oliver Warbucks.\" Oliver kissed his wife and left the room to let her finish planning th party. Grace knew this was going to be a happy but emotional tom for everyone. Grace was glad Molly and Maggie still had each other to talk to when they needed it. When Grace went to Annie's room that night to kiss her goodnight she found Annie looking at a photo album with tears running down her face. Grace gently sat on th bed and put a comforting arm around her oldest daughter. \"I know this is an emotional time my sweet baby girl is growing up so fast and daddy and I are so proud of you and everything you have accomplished. Never forget that you're still my baby and you can have a snuggle with me any Tim you feel like it alright baby?\" Annie wiped her tears from her cheeks and snuggled into her mother's side just lik she did when she was younger. \"I'm just so excited to start a new chapter but I'm going to miss my family and sisters so much it's going to be so hard not having them right down hall from me and having me to snuggle with when they're scared or upset.\" \"I know baby it's gonna feel so different without you in the House all the time but always think of us when you feel homesick and all the fun times we've had together and you're going to make so many grits friends and you're going to make an amazing interpreter! All those deaf lpeople will love having you.\" \"Thanks mom I love you daddy and my sisters more than anything and maybe once I get my schedule figure out I can have the girls sleep over my dorm!\" Grace smiled at the idea and how thoughtful Annie was of her sisters. \"They would love that baby just let us know ok? Goodnight baby girl.\" \"Oh mom? Can you sleep with me tonight like you used to?\" Grace smiled at this and greatly got not bed with Annie and snuggled her just like they did when she was a kid and grace loved every moment of it. They fell peacefully asleep in each other's arms and grace would remember this for many years to come. Finally Annie's graduation day arrived. The whole Warbucks family including Grace's sisters niece and nephews took up the first row in the h gym where the graduation ceremony would be held. It was a beautiful ceremony with the national anthem a few speeches and essays and lastly names were called to receive their diplomas. When it was Annie's turn her wole family nearly jumped out of their eats and cheered. Annie had a huge smile on her face as the principal announced. \"Congratulations to the class of 1939!\" At that everyone stood up and clapped and cheered as the seniors threw their caps off. The party was a huge success. All of Annie's school and orphanage friends were there along with the whole Warbucks family and the staff as guests. There was lots of food games hugs tears and laughs. Grace loved celebrating her oldest daughter and couldn't wait to see what her college journey had for her. Grace saw Annie moly and Maggie having s little heart to heart and could sense what they were talking about. Grace loved the bond between Annie and her little sisters and didn't want to ruin their little moment together so she decided to let them be. After the party winded down and everyone started to leave grace decided to have s little talk with moly and Maggie in her room. \"So girls I saw you to having a little heart to heart with Annie. I know it's going to be so hard having her away at school and not right down the fall from us every day.\" Molly's eyes tears up and hugged her mother tightly and Maggie did the same. \" yeah mama it's gonna feel so weird she was the closest thing I ever had at the orphanage and now she's leaving I'm going to miss her so much. But she did promise us that once she got everything at school figured out she'd invite us for a sleepover at her dorm!\" Grace smiled at that and was glad Annie made that promise to her sisters she put both her youngest daughters into her lap. \"I'm going to miss her too but I'm glad I have the two of you and of course you can sleep over when Annie gets settled she'll give us c call as soon as she can.\" At that Maggie pipped up \"Mommy what's sign language?\" Grace explained gently to her youngest daughter \"It's a very special language used by someone that is deaf. They can not hear with their ears so they use sign language to speak to other their hands and Annie is going to school to learn how to soak with people who can't hear and help them to know what others who can speak and hear are saying. That's called an interpreter.\" \"Wow I went to learn sign language!\" Grace loved her youngest daughters curiousness of everything and eagerness to learn new things. \"I'm sure Annie would be glad to teach you baby.\" The rest of the summer was spent as a family going on as many t ops and spending time together before Annie had to move to school in August. Grace loved getting the opportunity to spend one on one time with all of her daughters this summer. By the time they knew it the end of August came and of course they celebrated Maggie's 6th birthday with her kindergarten friends. Then they moved Annie into her dorm at RIT her roommate was another interpreting student named Cheryl and Annie couldn't sit to meet her. When they arrived at the dorm the Sunday before school started everyone helped unpack Annie's things and set up her room. \"Thanks fo helping me move in guys. Wow I'm on my on now it feels so funny.\" Grace and Oliver hugged and kissed her tightly. \"Were still here for you baby you can call us whenever you feel like it.\" Maggie and Molly then went to Annie and hugged her as tightly as they could. \"I'm going to miss you girls so much but remember I promised I'm going to call mom as soon as I have everything figur r out and gave you too over for a sleepover.\" Maggie lifted her arms to Annie and Annie scooped the o her youngest sister and gave her a kiss on the forehead. \"Annie can you teach me to talk with my hands?\" Annie laughed at this and gave her another squeeze. \"Of course I will! I'll teach both of you all the fun cool signs I learn!\" Annie hugged her family once more before they left the dorm and headed back home. Grace couldn't help but let the tears roll done her cheeks. Olive gave her a kiss and squeezes her hand. Her baby was really and truly her own and couldn't sit to hear all about her experiences and couldn't wait to spend time with her two youngest daughters. For now grace has her three Warbucks Girls always and forever. The end! I love the idea of Annie being an interpreter nd going to RIT(which wasn't even around then but in my story it is!) look out for a sequel! ","Summary":" Grace Farrell couldn't have been any happier that today was her wedding day! She was finally going "},{"Movie":"Charlie's Angels: The Movie","Title":"Charlie's Angels 3:Halo","Author":"friendslover99","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10415631","Passage":"[Chapter 1] It had been 10 years since the HALO case had been solved,But after that,the Angels retired to start their new Natalie married Pete,they adopted two kids and she became a dance teacher,Alex married Jason and became a martial arts instructor,and Dylan became an author and music producer. One morning,at Natalie and Pete's house,Natalie and her 9-year-old daughter,Emily, were dancing to the''Cha-Cha Slide''.Emily sat back down at the table.''Hey,honey'' said Pete as he walked in with their 6-year-old son,Cody.''Hey''said Natalie as she went over to kiss Pete.''I see some body's up early''Pete said to Emily.''Kids,I'm going to have to let you take Spike for a walk''said Natalie.''I wanna walk him!''argued Cody.''We're walking him!''said was kind of carefree,But she felt that she needed to be responsible of her younger brother,even his wrapped her arms around Pete's neck.''So I was thinking if you and me could..''Pete said,But was cut off by Natalie's phone picked it up and answered it,''Hello?..Hi...What?..now?...oh my god,um,I'll be right there''.''What was that?''asked Pete.''I'd love to tell you,But I have to ,kids!''Natalie said as she left to her then knew what it was,But Emily and Cody looked at each other confused. At Alex and Jason's house,Alex was helping Jason with his new movie.''So a machine gun can shoot a 7.62 bullet underwater?''he asked.''Yes,sweetie''she ,Alex and Jason's 4-year-old daughter ran into the kitchen wearing Hello Kitty ears.''Mommy,can I wear my Hello Kitty ears to school?''she knelt down to her level,''Maggie,honey,I don't think that would be something you'd wear to school''she told her.''Do you want to wear your Powerpuff Girls bracelet?''.Maggie nodded.''Ok,now go eat your waffles''Alex said.''Daddy,tell me about the ending of the movie again!''Maggie asked,wanting detail.''Mag,you've heard the ending a thousand times''Jason was mature for her age,even to hear about her dad's movies though she had never seen was more interested in things like princesses and other smiled as she looked on at her beautific daughter while she listened to Jason talk Maximum Extreme ,her phone rang. After she answered it,she began to leave.''Who was that?''asked Jason.''I'll tell you later''Alex said as she kissed Maggie on the head.''But I thought you-Alex!''he called out the door as she drove away.''Charlie''he muttered.''It was Charlie?''asked Maggie.''Wait,How do you know?''asked Jason.''Mommy told me that her,Aunt Dylan,and Aunt Natalie were in an agency with him''she explained '',But she couldn't tell me the rest because it's a secret''she explained. Both Natalie and Dylan got into their cars and drove to Charlie's called Dylan who was on her way as well.''Did you hear from him?''asked Natalie.''Yeah'' said Dylan,''So are you ready for this?''. ''Yeah''Natalie replied.[Chapter 2] Song:Stand Up-The Prodigy The Angels arrived at Charlie's office and found Bosley sitting in there.''Bosley!''they cried as they hugged him.''Angels,so glad to see you''he said.''Not as glad as seeing you,Bos''said Natalie.''So how's everything?''asked Bosley.''Alex,how's the baby?''.''Not a baby anymore''replied Alex.''What about you,Dylan?''he turned to said she just published her book that she wrote.''So we have a new case?''asked Natalie.''I don't know,I mean this is our first case in 10 years''said Dylan.''We're gonna have to find out''said Bosley as he turned on the speaker.''Good morning,Angels''Charlie's voice came from the speaker.''Good morning,Charlie''the girls said in unison.''It's been a long time since I've heard from you three''he said.''I see your voices hadn't changed''.''We're doing just fine,Charlie''said Alex.''I've called you here for an important mission''said Charlie.''Bosley,click to the screen for me''.Bosley picked up the remote and clicked on the TV that moved forward and turned on. ''Last week,A teenage girl was kidnapped from an orphanage from appeared to be kidnapper is unknown as well as the girl's orphanage is Lakeview Orphanage and I think you girls should go undercover,and I'll also get Max to join you'' ''I'm in''said Natalie.''and we're going to need Bosley''added Alex.''Count me in!''declared they got Max,they arrived at Lakeview Orphanage disguised as a detective(Alex),investigators(Dylan,Max,Natalie),and a evidence carrier(Bosley).They knocked on the door and a middle-aged woman answered.''CSI,we're here for the kidnapping that happened recently''said Alex.''Yes,come in''said the they looked through the woman,who could've been the caregiver, explained about the scene. She told her her name was Avery Jenson and she was 13.\"It wasn't easy knowing if somebody was either adopting or kidnapping\"she told her and Alex asked her how it happend. She told her a man in a white suit said to be adopting Avery Jenson and as she left,they heard her scream as she got in the found a picture of Avery, But also she found a strain of red hair. \"All we know is that a man in a white suit kidnapped her and her name is Avery Jenson\"Alex said as they got in the car. \"What's wrong?\" Natalie asked Dylan. \"Creepy Thin Man's back\" she said. \"He's the bad guy\".[Chapter 3] Chapter Song:Poker Face-Lady Gaga Natalie scanned the strain of hair on the DNA scanner on the computer. When the scanner scanned the strain of hair,the first name that uploaded on the profile was \"Anthony\"(It never have away the last name).''That's him''said Alex. ''Are you going to check the location?''asked Natalie. ''It says Las Vegas,Nevada'' Dylan read the profile. Alex:Not a bad place to find a bad guy Natalie:Thinking what I'm thinking? Dylan:yep,one way to Vegas The Angels,along with Bosley and Max,flew to Las Vegas and went to the ,Dylan,Bosley,and Max disguised as a classy entourage while Natalie was a all had ear speakers.''Do you see him?''asked Alex.''No''replied Natalie as she passed shots to a group of people gambling.A guy secretly touched her breast,But she pushed his face causing him to fall backwards into a casino machine.A guy walked towards Dylan.''Sorry,my friends told me I should ask you out''he said.''because I couldn't help,But notice how pretty you look''.''um,Thanks''said Dylan,''I'm Dylan''.''Kris''he shook her hand.''Is that guy asking you out?''asked Natalie.''You guys!''she whispered.''What? It's not the first time we've seen Dylan Sanders check someone out?''said Alex.''I can handle this on my own''Dylan assured them. Natalie:Ok Alex:We'll leave you two alone ''So can I get your number?''asked Kris.''Sure''replied Dylan.''It's ?''. ''410-786-4564''he said after he put his napkin and pen in his pocket.''I gotta go''.''Ok,see you later''said Dylan as Kris walked away.''Later''he smiled as he walked away looking at her,and she did the same.''not bad,Sanders''Alex ,Dylan saw Thin Man in a white suit smoking a cigarette.''Creepy Thin Man; 3:00''Dylan reported from the speaker.''On it''Natalie walked out of the Casino with Alex and Dylan. ''What,did you catch him?''asked Max.''Yeah,we'll probably meet you at Charlie's''said followed him outside of the Casino until he disappeared into a limo as it drove passed him.''Damn''Dylan muttered.''Where is the limo going?''.Natalie pulled out a GPS tracker and looked at the map.''Bonzana Road''she replied.[Chapter 4] Song:Breathe-The Prodigy Creepy Thin Man disappeared into an abandoned shoe warehouse where the O'Grady clan kept Avery tied to a chair with a black bag over her Angels sneaked into the building in a crate dropped off my a construction worker driving a crate lifting vehicle(I don't know what it's called).They climbed out and hid behind the walls. ''We'll be up there while you distract them''said Natalie and they splitted and Dylan hid in the next floor of the building that had some missing boards of the dropped on the floor on their backs quietly as they listened to the O'Grady's conversation while Alex hid behind a crate.''Here you are'' Seamus pulled the bag from Avery's head revealing her red hair and green eyes.''Helen would've wanted this day to come''he said as he brushed his hand on Avery's face and chin,But then he grabbed it around the jaw.''Where's Helen?Spit it out!''.She spat at Seamus and he slapped her.''So you refuse to tell me?''Seamus pulled out a shotgun.''You are just like her,Helen,and she's love to see you..like this''.As soon as Seamus was about to aim at Avery,the lights went out and all was heard was the sound of punching,grunting,kicking,and things falling the lights turned back on,the rest of the O'Gradys were on the ground knocked out.''Alex 're sent here to rescue you''Alex said as she untied Avery.''Does the orphanage know?''asked Avery.''I'm sure they do''Alex told her.''Cm'on,we gotta get out of here''. ''I got Avery,we'll meet you on the way out''Alex said through her speaker.''She said she has her''Natalie reminded they were about to leave,a voice came from behind them.''I'd never thought I'd find you here,Helen'' Seamus said. Dylan turned around and saw him.''Seamus''she ,three other men came from the door while two others came at the doorway.''I've told you''he continued.''You can't hurt me anymore just like you did years ago''. ''I'm not afraid of you''Dylan said sharply.''You've never let go of the past have you?''asked Seamus.''You've thought dead wrong''she punched him and kicked him on the stack of of the other guys grabbed Natalie,But she kicked the second guy,then,punched and slammed the one that grabbed ,one of the two other man pinned Alex to the crate until she banged his head to hers and kicked him in the managed to backflip from a wall and kick two others in the ,as soon as the one Alex fought came up,Avery kicked in the crotch and punch him in the face causing him to fall on a was amazed at her fighting skills,''Cm'on,let's go!''.All three of them,including Avery,ran out of the took out his phone.''They got away''he said to the unknown person.''Don't worry,I'll send some people to kill them..and their families''said the woman who spoke from a fireplace wearing a fur coat.[Chapter 5] Later,the Angels took Avery back to Charlie's office.''So why were the O'Gradys looking for you?''asked Alex.''They think I'm associated with someone named Helen Zaas''said Avery. ''That's my real name'' Dylan spoke up .''That's you? You're Helen Zaas?''Avery nodded.''What made them think that you knew Helen Zaas?''asked Natalie .''Well, it's a long story''Avery began.''My dad told me that I had a mom and a sister, But he left them after I born.I never knew who my sister was or my ,my dad went missing and I was sent to a foster found him since''. ''Sorry about your dad''said Max nodded and said thanks.''What was your dad's name?''asked Dylan.''Robert Jenson''replied Avery.''My mom said my dad's name was Robert Jenson'' she said. ''That can't be true'' Avery stated. ''My dad never mentioned about my sister''. ''Well,my mom never mentioned about my father''said ,she looked sat her red hair,green eyes,and her rosy complexion that her mother had. ''So is it true?are you my sister?'' Dylan got up and hugged Dylan.''Avery is now under our protective custody''said Charlie.''which means she'll have to stay with Max''. ''So we need to find the Thin Man because he was involved in the kidnapping''said Natalie.''I don't think we should''said Dylan.''What are you talking about?''asked Natalie.''I think we should let him go''she replied. Alex:Why are you saying we should- Dylan:Because I was in love with him,okay! Dylan took a deep breath and began.''On that roof of the theatre 10 years ago,when we were fighting,something between us clicked and we ended up kissing,But then,he grabbed my hair and Seamus..he..pushed him off''.Dylan knew she had to save him before the O'Gradys get any closer to him, But she wanted to keep her relationship with was going to be harder than she and Natalie sat next to her again.'' we protected Avery''said Alex.''now it's time we should do the same with him''. '' I agree'' said Bosley. '' Max can keep Avery at his apartment while me and Mama Bosley keep a close eye on her'' . Later,Natalie and Pete went on a double date with Dylan and Kris to Pete's friends' house in the backyard while Emily and Cody were at Pete's mother's house. ''So how long have you and Kris been together?''asked Pete. ''For a week''replied Dylan. '' So what do you do actually?''asked Natalie. ''I'm a songwriter''he replied. ''I've wrote songs for Carrie Underwood,Taylor Swift,and Maroon 5''. ''Your the one that helped her write that break-up song?''asked Pete. ''Yeah,well,I co-wrote that song''said Kris. At Alex and Jason's house,Alex was about to put Maggie to bed while Jason was going to go on set of his new movie.''Mommy,do you think Ginger had enough water in her bowl?''asked Maggie when she looked into her guinea pig's cage.''I think Ginger's fine,sweetie''said Alex. Maggie climbed into bed and Alex sat on her bed.''You and Daddy are away a lot''she said. ''I'm sorry about that'' said Alex as she played with her hair.''We'll try to be home as soon as we can,okay?''. ''Ok'' Maggie nodded.''Can you do the Ferret again?''. Alex acted like a ferret like she used to do with her dad and Maggie giggled.''Goodnight,baby''she kissed Alex's forehead and left her bedroom.''Maggie's asleep''Alex told Jason after she came downstairs.''She told me we haven't been around her a lot''. ''Oh''said Jason.''Well,does she know about-'' ''Shh!''she interrupted him.''No she doesn't''. ''How about I can bring her on set with me?''he said. ''You know I don't approve of her watching violence''Alex said. ''She knows it isn't real'' said Jason as he was about to leave.''I'll bring her back something''. ''We're good parents'' Alex kissed him. ''I know we are'' Jason left. At Max's house,Avery was in her room watching TV with Max. ''Mama Bosley seems nice''she said. ''That is if you look her straight in the eye and-''Bosley was cut off by Mama Bosley calling them for dinner. ''Are you coming?''asked Max. ''I'm not that hungry'' said Avery. ''Ok''Max left the room. Avery looked at the photo of her father and her when she was 7. Then ,she looked out the window and saw the Hollywood sign.A dark figure came behind her and she screamed when it grabbed her mouth.[Chapter 6] I've been writing a lot because I'm feeling pretty energetic with this is a rather short chapter,But I wrote as much as I could. Don't forget to review! Chapter 6 At the party,The song ''Funk Soul Brother'' by Fatboy Slim came on and Natalie immediately danced to it. ''She's really awesome''said ,Dylan joined in with Natalie and Kris and Pete watched. Meanwhile,a woman in a fur coat answered a phone and someone said that the job is ,she looked at the picture of the Angels at the premiere years ago and said ''Well,done''.The woman was revealed to be Madison Lee ,Alex looked at Maggie who was sleeping in her room and smiled went downstairs,set candles,and poured two glasses of champagne so her and Jason would have romantic time alone. Dylan,Natalie,Kris,and Pete went to Natalie's went home and Pete went to get Emily and Cody from his mother's Dylan used the bathroom,she turned and saw a man in a black leather jacket try to grab her and held a cloth to her face,But she attempted to pin him to the bathtub,knocking over the shower curtains and punch him hard in the face. ''Dylan!'' Natalie called out from downstairs when another guy knocked her down on the floor holding a knife in his hand and attempted to stab her,But she struggled to hold his arm back. Meanwhile,someone at Alex's door rang a doorbell,But when she answered it,a guy held her at gunpoint while others went upstairs to Maggie's put his hand behind his back and picked him out the ,she fought two others,including throwing out the window and into a pool,and kicked one causing him to fall on the table crashing it. ''Maggie!''she ran upstairs. Natalie managed to turn the man's hand to his back and take the knife out of his hand. She took it and restrain it to his the bathroom,Dylan had him on his stomach and put the gun to his head.''You sent you here!''hissed Dylan.''Tell me!''. ''It's Madison 're sent to kill you and your friends. She has the girl''he took a hold of his arm and walked downstairs where Natalie walked the other one outside.''What the hell was that?''asked Natalie. ''It was Madison Lee''said Dylan. ''What?'' ''She's back and the bitch has Avery'' ''We need to contact Bosley''said Natalie as they walked out of the came out of the driveway with Cody and Emily.''Hey,guys,where are you going?''he asked. ''We have to go take care of business,But we'll be back''Natalie said as she went to her car.''Later,Mom..again''said Emily. ''Maggie!'' Alex called out as she ran went to Maggie's bedroom and found her sheets pushed off and Ginger in the igloo of her cage looked everywhere around the house,But Maggie was nowhere to be found.[Chapter 7] This took me days to finish so please don't say anything mean if this review and this includes viewers because I need to know who's reading this. As Alex stood in the middle of the room,paniced,Jason walked in the house with a stuffed elephant.''Hi,Alex''he said as he walked in. ''Hi, was filming?''she asked as she walked over to him.''Great''he replied.''Look what I bought Maggie''.''I think it looks cute''Alex looked at the elephant.''Where is she?''asked Jason. Alex couldn't possible tell him that their daughter was nowhere to be she could speak,Maggie appeared from the closet upstairs and ran downstairs. \"Daddy!\"she cried as she ran to Jason's arms. \"Hey,kiddo!\"he said.\"How's my princess doing?\". \"Good\"replied was relieved,But she loved the sight of her husband and daughter. Jason: I missed you Maggie:Me too \"Look what I bought you\"Jason pulled out the elephant. \"I love him!\"she gasped. She took the elephant and hugged it and hugged Jason's neck.''Alex,is there something wrong?''he asked. ''No''she smiled as she walked over to Jason and Maggie. Her phone rang and she answered it.''I have to go''she said.''But I'll be home as soon as I can''.''We'll be fine ''said Jason. When Natalie,Alex,and Dylan drove to Max's felt guilty about it,But they told him it wasn't his fault.''Guys,I think should at this''Alex showed them a ID that read ''Rodney Jenson''.Natalie looked closely at it and realized something about the first name. ''Robert Jenson!''she exclaimed.''Avery's dad disappeared,But this ID reads Rodney Jenson,But he must've changed it from Robert to Rodney which means her dad is still alive!''. ''and helped with Avery's kidnapping''said was at first shocked,But she didn't care much that he was her biological dad,to her,he was now a enemy.''I think we just caught ourselves a bad guy!''Dylan said as she slapped Natalie's butt. ''Now,Cm' 've got some asses to kick''said Alex. Madison Lee,along with Robert Jenson and the Thin Man,sneaked into a cargo boat off to the North Pacific were going to where Charlie lives to kill him before they kill Angels rode on a speed boat to where the cargo boat was sailing and dove into the ,they came up to the surface,they use a grappling hook for the three of them to climb on top of the changed from their scuba suits to their regular clothes.''I'll look for Avery while you look for Madison''said splitted up into three different parts of the ,at the top of the boat,Robert was steering the boat and Madison was looking on while Avery was in the corner,bounded and gagged.''How do you think we're going to kill her?''asked Madison.''We'll shoot her and throw her in the ocean''said Robert.''Good''she said.''Especially killing something that an Angel loves,and then I could pay Charlie back for what he did to me''.''Right''Robert smirked.''Leave the guards to watch her''.He put the boat on auto pilot and after they left,the guards came in to guard Avery. Dylan sneaked into the room and got Avery's attention so she can untie she was untied,they realize the guards armed and turned onto them. ''Take this and you get those guys on the right''Dylan handed her lighter to Avery from their backs.''You're doing awesome''. Avery ,they fought the 5 ran up a wall and kicked two men in the face and Dylan kicked a guy in the he fell,blood splashed out of his mouth. After they were knocked out, Avery and Dylan looked at each other.''Shall we?''asked Dylan and Avery nodded. They both moonwalked out of the room. Meanwhile,while Alex and Natalie searched the boat,they were both cornered by Thin Man and Madison Lee and they began to and Avery escape to the deck, But they are also cornered by Robert and Seamus.''I'd always knew you'd come back''Robert grabbed Avery and held her at gunpoint.''Let her go!''said Dylan.''Why?So I can kill like I did to your slut of a mother?''.Robert killed Dylan's mother after he took off with Avery who was a baby. ''You sick,twisted,bastard''she hissed. ''Believe it baby''said Robert.''This thing isn't over yet''. As soon as she was about to get Robert,blood gushed from his chest and he fell Man shot Robert from behind.''Avery,run to the safest spot you can find!''Dylan ran off somewhere at the peak of the boat. ''You saved her life''she gave Dylan's strain of hair to her. ''I can't stay'' he Dylan could ask,he was gone. As she was about to punch Seamus,he took a hold of Dylan's arm and put it to her kicked her to the ground.''You've always been the same,Helen,But you and I aren't finished yet''he said. ''Like Hell!''she said as she got punched and kicked Seamus to the edge of the boat and grabbed a hold of his arms.''and my name is Dylan Sanders''.She kicked Seamus hard off the boat and he fell into the fought Natalie with a ball and chain while she had a sword and chain wrapped around the sword and Madison took the sword(that was in Natalie's hands)and held it to Natalie's neck.''All angels fall from heaven''she said in Natalie ear. Natalie took the sword and held it to Madison's.''Fuck you!''she ,she kicked Madison and she fell off of the boat and into the looked at Madison's last look that was more of the devilish and Dylan joined her to ,they laughed and embraced. ''Where's Avery?''asked Dylan.A speed boat came over with Bosley,Max,and Avery.''Call for a ride?''asked they got off the boat,they celebrated their victory. ''Just like old times!''said Dylan and they laughed.[Chapter 8] 2 days later,The girls,including Bosley and Max, went on a cruise with their was officially dating Kris and she is a legal guardian of Avery. On the deck,they sat in deck chairs and talked to Charlie on the speaker.''Well done,Angels''he said.''especially to you Avery for helping them out''. ''It was no problem because I wouldn't have been here if it weren't for my sister''Avery said.''I was if you girls would want to go back to the agency,considering that I might officially name Avery an Angel''said gasped at the offer.''I think we should stay with the Agency and until then,we'll let Max and Avery take on the business''said Natalie.''Very well, I hope you girls enjoy the vacation I booked you in a couple of days''Charlie said.''Bye,Charlie!''they said as the speaker when off. ''Cheers to that!''they said as they raised their glasses.,Then they all played in the pool with the kids and their though, the Angels were much older, they would always stay with the agency no matter what, even with their big was the story of three beautiful,But tough,crime-fighting Angels. The End[Chapter 9] Author's Note: I will upload the epilogue and I hope you enjoyed this. Please review this if you've read it because I wasn't sure if anyone read it when I finished. Also, if you didn't get the soundtrack of the story, here's the list. Up by the Prodigy Face by Lady Gaga 3.I'm Shipping Off to Boston by the Dropkick Murphys by The Prodigy Get What You Give by the New Radicals Thanks! The epilogue will be up soon! ","Summary":" It had been 10 years since the HALO case had been solved,But after that,the Angels retired to start"},{"Movie":"Charlie's Angels: The Movie","Title":"Black and Red","Author":"What If Incorporated","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9843427","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The hustle and bustle from the penthouse party could easily be heard from the streets outside. Shadowed profiles of many guests passed along the well lit windows. Anthony was leaning casually against the side of the brick wall of the building on the opposite side of the street. His icy blue gaze nonchalantly drifted around the scenery. When a limousine pulled up, he quickly went to the other side of the street and casually slipped in with the crowd of tuxedo clad gentlemen that were exiting the vehicle. Once inside, he took a look around the building. There were many people present, but he had a hunch that none of them were the agents he was supposed to keep an eye out for. Vivian Wood had told him that the agents were three females; Alex, a black haired Asian, Natalie, a blonde, and Dylan, a redhead. The trio was referred to as \"Charlie's Angels\" which was fitting considering they worked for Charles Townsend. He definitely had to admit that female opponents sounded rather intriguing. He decided to lay low until they arrived. He walked casually to a secluded corner and took out a cigarette. He quickly lit it then took a long drag. As he exhaled and wisps of smoke swirled out of his mouth, he glanced back up and spotted three women quickly advancing in his direction . I believe the agents have just found me. How clever of them . He thought to himself as he turned and calmly began walking away, knowing better than to cause a scene amongst so many people. He paused in the doorway, took a quick drag of the cigarette then glanced back for just a moment. He saw Alex was leading the hot pursuit. He quietly went outside and pressed the red button on the wall that opened a sliding door then proceeded inside and grabbed what would appear to most to be simply a cane then went into the elevator. As he glanced up again, he saw Alex get stopped by the closing door. Not long after he had gotten outside, he quickly crossed the street and glanced back. As expected, the angels were just behind him. He took one last drag of his cigarette then ran towards an alley. As he continued down the alley, he could hear the rapid clicking of their heels hitting the concrete behind him. When he arrived at a fence, he skillfully leapt on a box and turned in midair, pulled out his gun and shot in the direction of the angels. They just as skillfully dodged the bullets. Impressive . He noted as he backed up until he felt the fence against his back. When his gun ran out of bullets, the angels emerged from where they had taken cover from the bullets and headed his way. He did a graceful sideways cartwheel and went through the gap between the fences. He couldn't help but appreciate his figure. It was quite useful in times like this. Dylan rushed the fence then angrily shook it and he watched her for just a few seconds, engaged by her anger. He was brought back to the present as the angels managed to assist Natalie over the fence. He ducked when she came at him, but she quickly turned and kicked him in the chest, sending him into the fence. Damn. They mean business . He thought as he grunted and stumbled backward. Once the other two angels made it over the fence and faced him as well, he was prepared. He drew the hidden blade that was in the cane and ran straight for them. That was when the fight really got going. After the fight had been progressing a while, Dylan was on his back, attempting to disarm him, but he backed up so her back hit the wall then tossed her off his back, snagging a bit of her hair as he did so. He took a long whiff of it and smelled hints of her shampoo. It was a fusion of mangoes and mandarin oranges. Honestly, he found it quite pleasant. The fight brought him back to the task at hand though and he expertly tucked the lock of hair away in his jacket in one split second movement and went back to action. After he'd taken a beating from the skilled trio, he headed into the building that he had been instructed to lead them to and quickly hid himself in a secret spot he'd scouted out earlier. He quietly watched as the angels ran past him and towards the person they were intended to find: Eric Knox. As he exited the tunnel they had entered through, Anthony pulled the lock of hair out of his jacket and took another sniff of it, enjoying the smell… her smell . He actually found himself somewhat looking forward to his next encounter with the angels. They were such an intriguing group, especially Dylan, though he couldn't place why...[Chapter 2] Anthony suited up and prepared for the race. He knew the angels would be here and he'd managed to have things arranged so he'd be the one racing for Roger Corwin and driving the Red Star. Not far off, he caught sight of the angels, in blue racer uniforms. He immediately had his attention focused on Dylan, though today, she had on a blonde wig, presumably for her cover. That however was not what distracted him. It was her top. It was so low cut that it stopped just above where her stomach began and he got a clear view of a decent amount of cleavage. Impressive. Looks like the she has some curves I failed to notice earlier . Anthony summarized with interest before he walked over to his car. Roger approached him and patted him hardily on the shoulder. \"Ride 'em cowboy. Make me proud,\" Roger said as he turned and returned to the press, seeking more attention. Anthony nodded then turned around, spotting Natalie's face, her blue eyes widening slightly in recognition. He could distinguish her even from afar, despite the fact she had on a dark brown wig. He was good with faces and he'd taken note of all three angels' faces the previous day. He pulled out the Dylan's strand of hair then rubbed it along his face. God, he liked how it smelled, even though it had grown a little faint with the passing time by now. He swiftly got in the car and sped towards the course. Without looking back, he knew she'd follow him. As the two cars got onto the track, he got a clear view of his pursuer. He maneuvered his way back to the pit area then exited the race track. Once he got to a bridge he jerked his car around so he was facing Natalie. After a pause, he floored the gas pedal and the angel did the same. At the last second, she turned her car which sent him off the bridge. Damn it . Anthony cursed in his head as he saw the water getting closer. He hadn't planned on swimming today, but so be it. Just after the car landed in the water, Anthony removed his helmet and swam in the direction of the bridge so that when he did come up for air, Natalie, who he assumed would be looking over the edge, wouldn't see him. Thank goodness he could hold his breath for a while. When he came up, gasping for air, he was beneath the bridge's looming shadow, hidden from view. For now, the angels would assume him to be out of the way. On that thought, he remembered he'd need to get rid of Roger soon. He was no longer necessary.[Chapter 3] Anthony and Vivian came up the stairwell into Eric's apartment. Vivian seated herself in a chair while Anthony settled himself against the wall in the kitchen, opposite the living room. He leaned his head a bit when he started to hear conversation from the opposite side of the wall. Amongst the voices, he heard most clearly heard Dylan's . Apparently, Vivian was correct that Eric was distracting one of the angels while the other two had henchmen sent after them. He hadn't immediately assumed that she would be the angel that was being distracted. From Vivian's tone when she had told him, he imagined that the distraction was likely sex. The thought irritated him, but he tried to ignore it. When he walked around the corner, cigarette in hand, there she was, plain as day. As he had been at the racetrack, he was momentarily distracted by her attire. This time though, all she was wearing was a sheet; Just a sheet . He maintained his composure, while eyeing her and stalking across the room. Something was very alluring about her, even when she was angry. Her glare possessed the same frustration he saw before in their first fight. She definitely had a temper. Then again, so did he at times. That sheet leaves little to the imagination . Anthony pondered for a moment before choosing a place to stand at the other end of the room. Not wanting to have more thoughts about her come to mind, Anthony glanced up at the ceiling taking slow drags of his cigarette to center himself. Though he wasn't paying too much attention, he picked up Eric referring to the Dylan's demeanor in bed. That annoyed him and even sparked a flicker of envy and jealousy. When he put his attention back to the scene before him, he saw Eric pointing a gun a Dylan, but oddly, he was not worried. She'll get out of this alive. I'm sure of it . Anthony assured himself, maintaining his composure now that he had adjusted to the sight of Dylan and didn't get overly distracted by her. Not that it really mattered though, since no one was really paying attention to him at the moment anyhow, but he still kept his image intact nonetheless. When Eric fired, he watched Dylan intently, waiting for her to dodge. Instead, it appeared as though she had gotten hit and went straight out the window after the bullet passed through. Her scream echoed in his ears and made a very subtle shiver run along his spine. Anthony took the last drag of his cigarette as Vivian and Eric exited, a feeling of slight disappointment starting to manifest as he followed the pair. However, he paused for just a moment and noted the piece of fabric clinging to the window and couldn't help but feel a surge of satisfaction. Dylan was alive. Well played. I'll be sure to see you again soon . He thought contently as he finally left.[Chapter 4] After a heated fight with Alex, Anthony felt chains wrap around his midsection. A quick glance at who wielded the chains revealed the lovely sight of Dylan once again. He only got to admire her for a moment, before she yanked full force and he fell to the ground alongside Vivian. The sound of the helicopter blades brought him out of his momentarily stunned state and he heard the missile approach. Good thing that asshole paid me up front . Anthony thought irritably as he pulled Vivian's still unconscious body over him to use as a shield from the explosion. While the explosion sent both of them hurling down to the sands of the beach, Vivian got the full strength of the fiery blast, keeping Anthony practically unharmed. He tossed her body aside after he'd landed roughly in soft sand just by the water. He looked up and spotted the helicopter departing and knew all too well the angels would be in hot pursuit. Dusting sand off of his clothing, he reached into his jacket and grabbed a cigarette, lit it then began walking along the shore. Until next time . He thought to himself as he walked away back towards the mainland.[Chapter 5] Anthony glanced at a newspaper and noticed that a young man named Max was set to be racing at the Coal Bowl. That hardly roused his attention, but when he spotted a black and white photo, he saw it. The same necklace he had around his neck that he'd received from the orphanage. He decided that this was worth looking into. Anthony had just finished putting on his gear in preparation to get onto his bike. He leaned down to adjust his shoe for moment and as he straightened back up, Dylan crossed his path. Those familiar fiery locks of red and orange rested in near perfection along her face on shoulders. A tantalizingly cute black star was on her left cheek, just below her eye. It was simple and small to go with her cover for her current mission, but not unnoticed by any means, especially by him. He grunted lightly under his breath, still a little irritated with himself for his attraction to her . The irony of her being an angel drove him to wonder what must be so appealing about her to him, especially considering his line of work. He reached into a pocket for a cigarette then lit it and walked off to find something to occupy him until he needed to do his duty. He had an assassin to take care of soon. Adrenaline rushed through Anthony's veins as he clicked the heel of his shoe against the side of his bike. With the swift motion, a small blade exposed itself from its once hidden compartment at the back of the shoe. He took a breath as he revved the engine of the dirt bike a few times and finally headed off, leaving a line of dust behind him. Every small jump built him up more and as we went off the highest jump, time seemed to slow. He was focused on his duty at hand. He spotted the would-be assassin in red attire just beginning to pull out his gun in the direction of the angels. Clearly, they were trying to stop him as well. In one fluid motion, he whipped his right leg around the side of the bike and kicked backwards so the blade would hit its target. In just as smooth a motion after the strike, he brought his leg back to the right side of the bike without much difficulty. A faint grin crossed his face when he accomplished that simple task with ease and heard the groan of pain along with the crash of his intended target. He'd protected Max along with assisting the angels. When he came up the next jump, he saw Dylan once again. Her green eyes were ever so slightly highlighted beneath the goggles and her red hair whipped out elegantly from the bottom of the helmet like a warm, inviting flame. As she reached out to take hold of his necklace which he hadn't hidden beneath his attire, he too reached out and snatched a lock of that lovely hair of hers. He glanced up after catching hold of his small reward and realized he wouldn't clear the cement structure ahead of him. Fortunately, he'd worn the gear to help manage such an impact. As he fell to the ground after the hit, his helmet tumbled off and he stumbled up, still holding onto his prize. He pushed his jet black hair from his face, and then glanced across the way for a moment. Her gaze was already upon him. Not allowing it to distract him for long, he inhaled her signature mango mandarin scent from the lock then quickly hopped back on the nearest bike and drove off. Damn her for having such an effect on me . Anthony thought with slight irritation. He noticed however that, his irritation had decreased the more he saw her. Part of him wanted her all to himself rather than just admiring her from afar, but he banished the possibility as he did time and time again when the thought surfaced. They were on opposite sides of the playing field after all.[Chapter 6] Anthony had gotten word that the major crime families would be meeting tonight. That undoubtedly confirmed in his mind that he would once again get to see the angels in again. He adjusted his tie as he walked up a stairwell towards the roof of the Los Angeles Theater. He knew that something was going to happen soon and he'd want a good vantage point. He decided to stick around and see how things would play out. As he reached the top of the stairwell, he opened the door out to the roof and he spotted a telescope. He huffed slightly, not particularly interested, and went around the other side of the roof, hidden out of sight for now. It didn't seem long before gunshots sounded as the door of the roof access was pushed open. Anthony had just lit a cigarette and tilted his head slightly when the sounds reached him, intrigued and a bit curious as well about what may be happening. Amidst the gunfire, he heard Dylan's scream and it sent a chill through him. This brought his attention to a heightened level. Time to act. He quietly made his way up to the level where he had spotted Alex fighting. He was not even noticed during all the commotion, and when he arrived behind her, she turned and sported a look of shock on her face for a moment. He took a long drag and tossed his cigarette to the ground below. She, of course, recovered and attacked. He swiftly blocked her advances and drew his blade from his side, now looking past her to the attacker behind, and stabbed the man swiftly before skillfully withdrawing his blade. When the attacker had fallen, he and the angel exchanged a look for but a moment before they were snapped back to reality by that same scream. Anthony turned and spotted Dylan in the clutches of a dangerous looking man. His gaze darted to her face and he could see something unmistakable in her eyes… fear. Since when did anyone on the face of earth make her have that look? He knew her to be a fearless. Clearly, this man was bad news. He'd do her a favor and get rid of him. He once again drew his weapon and rushed into action. His icy blue gaze was completely set on taking care of that menace of a man who had Dylan in his clutches. The man dodged his initial attack and when Anthony went in for another attack, the man caught the thin blade between his palms. He narrowed his gaze when his weapon was taken from him, but as the other man drew back for another attack, he kicked him swiftly and precisely in the chest, sending him off the edge of the building to his fate. He leaned over Dylan and pulled her up then turned so they were no longer facing the edge. One of his hands found its way to her neck, while the other was still on her back, holding her up. He looked at her fiercely, his frustration breaking free from his otherwise calm composure he normally had. He could just kill her and get her out of his life forever, but that was out of the question at this point. He was too drawn to her. After all this time, it had only gotten worse. Her breathing was rapid and likewise, so was his. He realized his hand that was on her neck had moved and was now weaving its way into her beautiful hair. Both their faces softened as the distance between them slowly decreased. Her green hues seemed to show some emotion, but Anthony couldn't place it. Before he knew it, both of them closed their eyes and their lips met. He savored her closeness and the warmth of her lips against his. He felt enveloped in her characteristic mango mandarin scent now that he was in such close proximity to her. She must use the matching body spray to go along with the shampoo. He could feel himself getting lost, giving in to what feelings he had for her, but he knew it couldn't be for long. He finally knew what it was like to kiss Dylan and he wouldn't soon forget it. He recovered from his lapse of attention and broke away from the kiss taking another lock of her hair, oblivious of the pricking sensation at the back of his head. He deeply inhaled her fabulous scent and screamed like a madman in a display of fulfillment. She gazed at him with her green eyes and shook her head slightly, confused by his actions as usual. As he calmed down and looked at her in silence, he noticed she had she had taken a small bit of his hair as well. She smiled softly at him and ran the tiny lock along her cheek and jaw bone. Something that had never happened before welled up within Anthony. He wanted to, no, had to speak, for her. So many words could describe her, but the first word that became clear in his temporarily jumbled mind was the word wonderful . \"Wu… wu… wu…\" He stammered slightly as he lifted his right hand to gently place it on her cheek. She smiled even more, recalling from information gathered earlier that he hadn't spoken most likely for the whole of his life and that this was a moment that needed to appreciated, as odd as the circumstances may have been. Before he could finish, Natalie's scream in combat sounded and Dylan looked away from him and then back for only a moment. She placed her hand delicately on his shoulder. \"Duty calls,\" Dylan said with a grin before running off to aid her fellow angel. Anthony remained in place for a moment still taken aback by all of what had transpired, but then he regained his usual composure and glanced around. He'd best be on his way. The angels could handle things without his odd bit of assistance. He spotted Dylan fighting fiercely alongside the other angels, and dipped his head slightly as a way of bidding her farewell, even though she was likely too focused to notice the gesture. He knew he'd see her again as ran to the other side of the roof and descended quickly down the fire escape that he'd noted earlier as an escape route.[Chapter 7] Dylan yawned and stretched out in her bed then froze when she saw a shadowed figure looming in her doorway. She leapt from her bed and quickly assumed a fighting posture, ready to teach the intruder a lesson. Rather than approaching her right away, the figure reached out and flicked her light switch, revealing Anthony dressed in his usual suit. Her mouth gaped very slightly in surprise as he approached her and placed a hand on her shoulder. She couldn't help but smile at him and oddly enough, he seemed to be happy to see her as well, even though his face didn't exactly read as a smile. He leaned forward slightly and she mimicked the movement, closing the distance between them. Just as their lips were about to meet, he stopped. Curiosity welled up within her and she looked at him questioningly. Then, out of nowhere, he licked her nose and began barking… like a puppy. \"What the hell?!\" Dylan exclaimed as she tried to push him away. His barking only got louder and she finally woke up from her dream and was now face to face with Natalie and Pete's puppy, Spike. She raised a brow and picked up the puppy by the scruff then placed him on the floor. \"Thanks for ruining my dream, you little butthead,\" Dylan said to the puppy before straightening out the tank top and boxers she slept in then walking out to her living room and seeing Natalie grinning widely, twirling the spare key around her finger. \"Isn't he the cutest thing?!\" Natalie gushed as Spike ran out of Dylan's bedroom and around her feet. Dylan rolled her eyes slightly and laughed a bit. \"Yes, he's cute alright. That doesn't mean he should be allowed to ruin my dreams,\" Dylan said with a false pout. Natalie gave her an apologetic look that soon turned into a curious one. \"What were you dreaming about?\" Natalie asked as she bent down and picked up Spike then sat down on the couch. Dylan opened her mouth to reply, but dreams about Anthony, or the Thin Man as the other angels knew him by, weren't exactly discussable with friends. \"I can't really remember,\" Dylan said with a sheepish grin. Natalie raised a brow at her friend and grinned widely. \"A dream about some dreamy bad guy, I assume,\" Natalie said before she tossed the spare key at Dylan who quickly caught it. Dylan couldn't help but be amused by her friend's theory. It wasn't too far off the mark though. \"You know me so well, Nat,\" Dylan said as she sat down and scratched gently behind Spike's ears. Natalie giggled then picked up Spike and began heading towards the door. \"Well, I've got to show Spike to Alex too. Want to come with?\" Natalie asked over her shoulder, pausing in front of the door. Dylan smiled, but shook her head. \"I would, but I think I'd rather take a shower and do something with my hair,\" Dylan said as she got up and ran her fingers through her messy hair as if to further illustrate her point. Natalie nodded once and opened the door. \"Fine by me, catch you later Dylan!\" Natalie called as she closed the door. Dylan yawned then headed towards her bathroom. After she took a shower, she sprayed her body with her Mango Mandarin Body Mist. Ever since she'd gotten it along with her lotion, shower gel, shampoo and conditioner of the same scent for her birthday, she'd grown quite fond of the fragrance. As she did her hair, her thoughts flicked back to her dream. Why was I dreaming about Anthony? She questioned to herself. As if to answer her thought, she recalled the kiss the two of them had shared on the roof of the Los Angeles Theater. It didn't last long, but she knew that it had meaning to it. \"Does he… have feelings for me?\" Dylan asked out loud. Part of her couldn't help by be excited by this possibility. Though her friends teased her about it, she did have some sort of weak spot for bad guys. Then again… Anthony wasn't entirely bad though. He'd assisted them and was apparently the sole benefactor of the orphanage she and the other angels had visited as well. Add that into the equation and she was definitely intrigued by him to say the least. Plus, he'd tried to speak to her. She had to be important for him to even bother with something he probably hadn't done his entire life. Once her hair was done, she dressed in a low cut red top, some black jeans and her favorite boots that she had \"borrowed\" from Alex. She then walked back into her bedroom and opened the drawer, taking out Anthony's necklace. I need to find him . Dylan thought determinedly to herself as she tucked it into her purse then went out of her door and began walking down the street.[Chapter 8] Anthony woke up with a groan then stood up. He was wearing his usual sleeping attire, a simple pair of black boxer briefs. He strolled to his bathroom and peeked at himself in the mirror, ran a hand over his slightly messed up hair, then got in the shower. After he got out and got dressed in his usual suit, he decided to go into town for something to do. As he walked down the street, he spotted a glimpse of red out of the corner of his eye. He paused and glanced over, seeing none other than Dylan walking down the street. It was rather convenient. Then again, part of the reason he stuck around in California was in hopes of seeing her again. He resisted the urge to rush over to her and instead, subtly changed directions and followed her from a distance. She continued walking down the street, every so often pausing and glancing behind her, but Anthony kept out of sight. Then, she did something odd. She turned down an alleyway. He hung back for a while, not sure about following her since it would be more difficult to follow her unnoticed, but he shrugged and eventually turned the corner. She was nowhere in sight. He raised a brow and then took out a cigarette. He searched both his pockets for his lighter, but realized he must have forgotten it. With a sigh, he removed the cigarette from his lips and tucked it back away. He sharply lifted his head and looked forward when he heard the heels of boots approaching, but calmed down when he saw who was coming towards him. \"I was hoping you would find me,\" Dylan said quietly as she came out of the darkness and to a stop about a foot in front of him. Anthony looked at her in silence and she held his gaze. She wanted me to find her? But why? Anthony questioned in his head. Dylan titled her head slightly, seeming to read the questioning look he had. \"I was wondering…\" She paused for a moment, contemplating whether to ask him about the kiss or what he was going to say that night to her. She decided on the latter. \"What were you going to say that night?\" Dylan asked curiously. Anthony's eyes studied her for a moment before he cleared his throat and spoke. \"W-Wonderful…\" Anthony managed to stutter. Dylan's green eyes went wide in surprise when he spoke. From his answer, another question came to mind. What did he think was wonderful in the midst of a fight? He couldn't have possibly been referring to me, had he? Dylan thought. Her thinking was interrupted as she felt as Anthony gently caressing her hair. Her gaze went back up to him once again and he was met with an interesting sight. Anthony was… smiling at her. It was faint, only showing slightly at the corners of his lips, but it was definitely a smile. Unable to resist, she leaned forward and wrapped her arms around him, hugging him gently. Anthony's eyes widened and he looked down at her, his arms limply at his sides. After a few moments, Dylan embraced him a little more firmly, as if silently encouraging him to return the gesture. He slowly lifted his arms and wrapped them softly around her. Time seemed to slow for a moment before Dylan gently broke away and looked back up at him. \"Davidoff Cool Water… Great choice. It suits you,\" Dylan noted with a grin. Anthony raised a brow and nodded once, remembering that he had worn his usual cologne of choice today. Clearly, she enjoyed the scent and that ignited a sense of satisfaction. Dylan opened her mouth to say something again, but she paused, as if she had remembered something and reached into her purse. Anthony watched her quietly as she pulled out his necklace. \"Here, I figured I'd return it the next time I saw you,\" Dylan said with a smile as she opened her palm, offering the piece of jewelry to him. Anthony calmly studied her for a moment then gently took the necklace from her hand and placed it in his pocket. Dylan swirled a finger in her hair, her face thoughtful and gaze towards the ground for the moment before she looked up again. \"I was wondering about something else too…\" Dylan paused for a moment, her expression a little hesitant. Anthony silently encouraged her on with a nod. \"Well… about that kiss. Was there some… meaning to it?\" Dylan asked in nearly a whisper. Anthony's eyes very subtly widened and he raised a brow, face blank for a moment. He quickly calmed himself then exhaled slightly before he gently placed a hand on Dylan's shoulder. She looked at him with a curious tilt of her head, a soft hopeful smile across her face. Anthony nodded once, but then looked away. He expected a negative reaction from her and oddly, didn't want to face that. Dylan raised one hand and covered Anthony's hand that had remained on her shoulder gently. \"I'm glad it did,\" Dylan said softly. Anthony hardly hid the surprise in his expression as he looked back at Dylan. Dylan giggled softly and touched his cheek with her opposite hand. Anthony covered it gently with his own hand in response. They stood there silently looking at one another. Finally Dylan broke the silence by clearing her throat and gently dropped both of her hands. Anthony didn't protest and looked at her expectantly. \"I also wanted to… thank you. For saving me from… Seamus,\" Dylan said quietly as if the mention of the name scared her a little. Anthony tensed slightly and realized that had to be the name of that man he'd killed. The man that had made her look so fearful. A rush of protectiveness surprised him for a moment, but he tried not to show it. He exhaled calmly then placed his hand under her chin and gently lifted it so he could look at her. She managed a small smile for him, but got interrupted by a phone call. She looked at him apologetically, and reached into her purse then glanced at the caller ID. When she looked back up she placed her hand on Anthony's chest and sighed softly. \"I wish I could stay, but duty calls. Maybe… I'll see you later?\" Dylan said with a tilt of her head. Anthony offered her another small smile and nodded once. She smiled brightly before she answered the still ringing phone. \"On my way,\" Dylan answered before she headed off, waving once as she turned away. Anthony watched her go and slowly walked back toward his hotel. As he walked he thought things out. He was sure of a four things. One, that Dylan was glad that the kiss they shared meant something. Two, she didn't at all seem bothered by that fact. Three, she wanted to see him again. And four, he was glad he had stayed in California and definitely wanted to see her again too.[Chapter 9] About a week had passed since Anthony's encounter with Dylan and it was all that he could think about. Without a current job to do for anyone, his free time was maddening. He lay in bed and sighed softly as he stared at the ceiling. What if she changed her mind? Maybe she realized she wants nothing to do with me. Anthony grunted in frustration as more negative thoughts popped into his mind. She would probably be better off without him, but he wanted her more and more with each passing day. A knock on his door interrupted his thoughts. He raised a brow curiously and glanced at the clock he had beside the bed. It was nearly midnight. Who would be at his door this late? He got up from the bed and began to walk toward the door, but paused for a moment. All he was wearing was his boxers. He went to his closet and grabbed a short black robe he had and put it on before he continued toward the door. He peeked through the door's peephole, but whoever had knocked was either not there or was out of view. He opened the door and was surprised to see Dylan standing just to the right of the door with a grin on her face. He blinked in surprise, not sure if he was really seeing her. Dylan giggled and looked him over. Anthony looked her over as well. She was wearing a beautiful red dress that fit her perfectly and extenuated every curve. His admiration was short-lived as he was interrupted by the sensation of his skin being touched. He glanced down and saw that Dylan was gently stroking the part of chest that wasn't covered by the robe. He did his best to remain calm and waited to see where she might be heading with her actions. To his surprise, Dylan gently pushed him back through the doorway and stepped inside. She closed the door behind them and smiled mischievously. Anthony reached for her, but Dylan continued to push him backward until Anthony's back met a wall. Dylan skillfully untied his robe and placed her hands on either side of Anthony's torso. Anthony gasped softly and closed his eyes as Dylan leaned forward and kissed him on his chest. And then, it happened. His alarm went off. His eyes snapped open and he was back on his bed again. He groaned in frustration and looked at the clock. It was 8am. Why did he set his alarm that early? After thinking about it for a moment, he remembered that yesterday he'd spotted a nice looking coffee shop nearby to his hotel and wanted to check it out. He was hardly in the mood for coffee at the moment now though. He sighed and lay back down on his bed recalling the dream. How he wished it was reality. Even though it wasn't, it definitely had a real affect on him. It looked like it was time for a cold shower. After Anthony had showered and gotten dressed, he decided he'd go for a walk. Coffee was no longer of interest at this point, so he'd find something else to do. As soon as he walked out the door and closed it though, he spotted a folded note taped to his door. He took it off the door then unfolded it to see what it said. Written on the paper in neat handwriting the note said: \" Sorry it took me a while to find you. Meet me at Santa Monica Beach tonight at 10pm. –Dylan\" . Anthony blinked in surprise. Not only had Dylan found him, but she really did want to see him again. He couldn't help but smile just a bit. He was certainly looking forward to tonight. The rest of the day passed by as a boring blur for Anthony. He was only focused on seeing Dylan again. When it was finally 10pm, he was waiting patiently at the entrance of the beach. He was not left waiting for long though. He glanced up as Dylan came walking his way in flip flops and a long red sleeveless flowing dress. She smiled brightly as she approached him. \"Hello again. Glad you could make it,\" Dylan said as she stopped in front of him. Anthony nodded once and took in her attire. He was a bit overdressed by comparison even though he had decided on not wearing a suit this time. He had picked out a pair of black jeans and a white long sleeve button up shirt along with black leather Sperry shoes. Dylan seemed to approve though. Anthony raised a brow as he observed her looking him over with a grin. \"Even dressed down, you look great,\" Dylan complimented as she turned and walked toward the beach. Anthony followed after her and took up walking at her side. The pair walked along the shoreline together in silence for a moment. It was surprising that they hadn't run into other people, but both of them enjoyed the solitude. Dylan stopped then faced Anthony. \"I'm guessing you're curious why I asked you to meet me here, right?\" Dylan questioned with a tilt of her head. Anthony nodded once. Dylan smiled softly. \"Well, I've been thinking about you lately. Well, more specifically, us. I feel like there's something here and I was hoping to get confirmation on what you think about this…\" Dylan trailed off and glanced out at the water. Anthony gently held her chin and turned her face toward him. He raised a brow when he got a glance of Dylan blushing in the moonlight. Anthony offered a small slight smile which only seemed to make Dylan blush more. \"B-beautiful,\" Anthony whispered. Dylan's eyes widened and she smiled brightly. He was speaking to her again and it was yet another compliment. She knew that he definitely had feelings for her. They couldn't necessarily be a normal couple anytime too soon considering many things, but the possibly for something to come out of this seemed to be there. Dylan wrapped her arms gently over Anthony's shoulders and gently pulled his head down a little. Anthony didn't protest and closed the distance between them. This kiss was different from their first. Both Dylan and Anthony were gentle. This wasn't a crazed heat of the moment kiss like before, but instead a soft, slow kiss. Both of them sighed contently into the kiss before they slowly broke apart. \"Want to head back to the entrance? It's a little colder than I thought it would be,\" Dylan admitted as she rubbed her bare arms. Anthony raised a brow slightly. Dylan's cold. I can fix that. I'm wearing an undershirt anyway. Anthony thought as he began to unbutton his shirt. Dylan blushed slightly and attempted to not stare, but she had no intention of stopping him. After he'd taken his shirt off, Anthony draped it over Dylan's shoulders. She smiled happily and put her arms through both sleeves. \"Thank you. That's…\" Dylan stopped mid-sentence as she got a better look at Anthony's undershirt. It wasn't just a plain wife beater; it was a fitted muscle undershirt. And despite how lean Anthony was, he had visible toned muscle. Considering the full moon tonight, Dylan was able to get a decent view of this. Anthony smiled softly. She seems to like what she sees. Look like I'm not the only one who is can be at a loss for words. Anthony summarized to himself before he offered his arm to her. Dylan grinned slightly and looped her arms in his and the two of them walked to her car. When the pair got there, Dylan looked at Anthony questioningly. \"I didn't see other cars in the immediate area… Did you take a taxi here or something?\" Dylan asked. Anthony nodded once. Dylan giggled softly. \"Guess I'll have to give you a ride back. Hop in,\" Dylan offered. Anthony raised a brow with curiosity but got in the car. The twenty minute drive back to his hotel was over far too soon. Anthony sighed softly as he got out of the car. Dylan was out of her car in an instant and went to Anthony's side. \"Mind if I come in for a bit? I don't want to head home just yet. Plus, I still have this,\" Dylan said as she pointed to Anthony's shirt. Anthony couldn't help but give her a small smile and nod. The two walked through the doorway then got in the elevator to Anthony's floor. Once they got inside of his hotel room, the pair sat down together on his couch in small his living room. Dylan glanced around wide eyed. \"Wow. This is a deluxe room? The L.A. Hyatt isn't messing around. This room kicks my place's ass,\" Dylan said with admiration. Her attention turned to the widescreen TV and she grinned. \"Hey can we watch a movie?\" Dylan asked excitedly. Anthony nodded once then got the remote and turned on the TV and hit the On Demand button. He then handed the remote over to Dylan. Dylan smiled happily. \"I get to pick? Awesome!\" Dylan exclaimed as she rapidly began clicking through the selections. It wasn't long before she seemed to find something. She glanced at Anthony with a grin. \"An action movie work for you?\" Dylan asked with a grin. Anthony nodded once and Dylan pushed the select button. It was barely halfway through the movie and Dylan was asleep. Anthony noticed this as soon as Dylan's head went from his shoulder to his lap. He smiled softly and stroked her hair then got up slowly. He then picked her up and carried her to the king size bed had. He placed her down and then put the cover over her before he went back into the living room. He stripped down to his boxers then lay down on the couch. He pulled the throw blanket that was resting on one end over him then went to sleep. Dylan groaned as she sat up and looked around. She was alone, in a bed. It wasn't her bed either. It was Anthony's. Where was he though? She got out of the bed then walked into the living room and saw Anthony sleeping quietly on the couch. \"Sleeping on the couch alone while I'm in the bed alone too? Not on my watch,\" Dylan said quietly with a mischievous grin. She quietly lay down beside Anthony and rested her head on his chest then settled against him. Anthony opened his eyes and glanced at Dylan. Her eyes were closed and she didn't look back up at him even though he was certain she hadn't gone to sleep that soon. Anthony smiled softly then put the blanket over both of them. Looks like you're mine for tonight, my special angel. Anthony thought happily as he kissed the top of Dylan's head and took in her signature scent that he knew he could never get tired of. He then gently draped one arm over Dylan and could feel her smile against his chest as he drifted to sleep. ","Summary":" The hustle and bustle from the penthouse party could easily be heard from the streets outside. Shad"},{"Movie":"Beetlejuice","Title":"Beetlejuice One-Shot Fanfictions","Author":"sweetsilverdusk","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12982017","Passage":"[Chapter 1] This is my first fanfic for the Beetlejuice series. I may continue using one shots, but I haven't decided yet... Please R&R;! Lydia Deetz had always considered herself strange and unusual. Since she was a little girl, she always held an interest for those that followed those words. When she was five, she begged her dad not to kill the little black garden spider that had a made a home for itself above the kitchen sink in their home. When she started school the following year, she chased a defenseless beetle down the hall with her kindergarten teacher following right behind, shouting for Lydia to get away from the \"school nuisance.\" Then in third grade, she saved, yet another, spider from one of the boys in her class when another girl screamed upon seeing it on their desk. All in all, she loved the strange and unusual, she felt she was one that belonged to the group of strange and unusual creatures. But after she moved to Winter River, things began to get stranger and more unusual than ever before. It all started with ghosts, then the strange creatures that appeared in her family's new home, then it ended with her nearly getting married to one ghost who called himself \"the Ghost with the Most.\" Now, Lydia Deetz was entering the end of her high school years, graduation only eight more months away, her eighteenth birthday less than four. A skilled photographer and seamstress, with an art school in Manhattan all lined up and ready for the following fall, it was more than what Lydia thought she could accomplish. But, something about everything didn't seem right. True, Lydia probably had everything she could have wanted, but she had never felt so alone in her life. True she had Delia, as much as the woman drove her crazy, and her dad, Bertha, and Prudence, but she felt she needed someone else in her life. Like a certain ghost. No one had spoken of the ghost who caused more trouble than he was worth since the night that he had nearly gotten married to Lydia. Thankfully, with the help of Adam and Barbara Maitland, they had been able to send the bio-exorcist back to the hell from where he came. And it was because of what the Maitland's did, they were able to be processed and leave the Winter River house and the little goth girl who had become like a daughter to them. And Lydia couldn't blame them for wanting to be free, but she could blame the Neitherworld Processing department for taking the couple who had become dear to her and very much like members of her own family. But, wishful thinking wasn't going to bring Barbara and Adam back. She was sitting at her desk when things began to change. Her father and Delia were out for an art exhibition when the itch came. She had felt it before, many times during middle school almost a year after the incidents, maybe a week after Barbara and Adam had left the house. She felt the need to call that particular ghost, especially since things had gotten so rough that even she couldn't tell her own parents about her experiences with the school bullies. Lydia leaned on her folded hands, deep in thought. She knew the words to call the creature, but what would be the cost? Would he be same as before? Would he be, dare she even think it, mad? Or would he be happy to see her? Well, there was only one way to find out. Lydia took a deep breath before uttering the first word, \" Beetlejuice. \" It was there that a light began to shine from the mirror on her vanity. She turned to watch as colors began to swirl, creating an almost portal-like image. Purples, whites, and greens rotated around and around clockwise slowly. She felt her nerve begin to fade ever so slightly, but she shook her head and spoke the word a second time, \" Beetlejuice. \" The swirling suddenly moved faster, and a face began to appear in the mirror, grinning like the devil himself. Eerie green eyes peered out at the goth girl and a wild grin with crooked teeth also appeared. It almost seemed like a Cheshire cat had made an appearance instead of the ghoul she was hoping to call. \"Come on, babes,\" a crackling voice echoed in the room, \"Ya know the right word… let me out so we can talk…\" \"BEETLEJUICE!\" Lighting flashed across the sky, and thunder crackled even though there was no rain outside. The lights flickered in Lydia's bedroom before going out. They slowly faded back on again to reveal another figure standing before the little goth girl. He was tall and floating above about an inch or two off the floor. He wore a black and white pinstriped suit with a dirty white dress shirt and black tie. The boots he wore were scuffed and caked in mud. In fact, his entire figure was coated with moss and mud. His pale features grinned at the girl while his green eyes flashed in delight. \"Well, well, well,\" the poltergeist grinned, rubbing his hands together, \"What 'ave we got 'ere?\" \"Just you and me, Beetle-\" Lydia began before the ghost covered her mouth with one dirty hand. \"Nobody says the 'B'-word, babes,\" Betelguese grinned. Lydia pulled his hand from her mouth, \"At least not for a while.\" \"Ya mean you'll send me back eventually?\" he pulled a wounded look on his face, \"How cruel you are, Miss Deetz.\" \"Lydia,\" she held out her hand. The ghost looked at it suspiciously. \"Look,\" Lydia began, putting her hand down, \"I want to start over. We met on bad terms and I want to rectify them.\" \"So…\" Betelguese indicated that she should continue. \"I was hoping we could come to some sort of an agreement. Perhaps I let you out once in a while and we agree to be on better terms.\" The ghost leaned back, floating in the air with his arms behind his head and legs crossed, \"Are ya saying you want ta be friends? With me?\" \"I suppose you could call it that,\" Lydia sat on her bed, \"with the Maitlands' gone. I feel like I have no one else to turn to.\" \"Whada 'bout old Chuckie boy?\" \"He's too busy with Delia and her art to worry about me.\" 'An abandoned daughter, eh?' He looked around the room. She didn't seem abandoned. There were photographs on the wall of her, Charles, and the Maitlands, and one or two with that Delia lady. There were also photos of bats, spiders, and cobwebs, as well as sketches of little strange creatures. There was a basket of fabric in one corner of the room and a mannequin with fabric draped around it. It looked like a black dress of sorts with spiderweb-themed lace and deep purple ribbon. He looked back at the girl, 'She's obviously got talent…' Betelguese cleared his throat to get Lydia's attention, \"I don't see any photos of friends, got any?\" Lydia chuckled drily, \"I sometimes wish I did, it'd make life so much easier for me.\" The ghost chuckled and straightened out, \"Well… I suppose I could… think about yer proposition.\" The girl sat up and looked so hopeful in that moment that he couldn't help but smile. A human and a ghost as friends? It couldn't be the worst thing he'd ever done. \"Thank you, BJ. I do appreciate it.\" \"BJ?\" \"Short for… you know.\" The two of them laughed and for the first time in a long time, Lydia felt as if she could belong in this world.[Chapter 2] A continuation (?) of \"Say it Once, Say it Twice.\" I may edit this later on, just due to how short it actually is. As always, Likes and Reviews are welcomed! (Also any suggestions would be nice too.) What's in a name? The question came to Lydia nearly a week after a reunion between her and a poltergeist for whom she had befriend. For the few years she knew of him, \"Beetlejuice\" was what he called himself and, according to what the Maitlands' had told her, it was all he was known as. Still, though, he had to have been someone before his untimely demise. If she could pull a name from him, she might be able to at least find out more about him. Going off of what she did know, Lydia scrounged everywhere and everything about the black plague, as BJ claimed to have lived through it. She tried to find a list of names of victims and if any of them had surviving family members. All Lydia got was how it was started, how it spread, and the number of people it effected across the globe. She was going through another book about life during the plague when a tapping sound startled her. \"Hey babes!\" the grinning poltergeist greeted the girl. \"Hey, BJ,\" Lydia smiled upon seeing the ghost. He had taken to appearing in the mirror on her vanity when he wanted to see her or ask if he could come out for a bit. During the times he was in the mirror, he would watch Lydia do her homework and help her if needed, work on her dress, or be a part of her photography shoots if he was in the mood for it. He looked down at the book she had on her vanity where she was reading, \"Ugh… the Bubonic Plague? Gives me shivers just 'memberin' it.\" \"Barbara and Adam mentioned you lived through it.\" \"Yeh, and?\" Lydia shrugged, \"I was curious if I could find something about you in one of these books.\" \"Unlikely,\" BJ grimaced, popping a beetle in his mouth, \"nearly half the population was wiped out 'cause of it, and we didn't keep track of things like ya do nowadays.\" Lydia nodded in understanding before she began again, \"I was wondering if I could ask you something, BJ?\" \"Eh? Sure, what?\" \"What's your name?\" Betelguese looked at her in confusion, \"Huh? Babes, ya already know the name. Ya use it to call me if ya need somethin'.\" \"I mean your real name,\" Lydia tried to explain, \"The one your mother gave you when you were born. It can't be \"Beetlejuice\" … can it?\" Betelguese drummed his fingers on the platform before answering, \"Maybe it is… maybe I ain't got one. Where's this comin' from, anyway?\" Lydia shrugged again, \"I don't know. I was curious. I wanted to find out more about you and that's why I've been researching, looking for a list of anyone that may have known you.\" \"Lyds, those people are dead. There ain't no way ya could find out who I was.\" \"But you had to be someone before you died.\" \"What if I wasn't?\" the poltergeist asked, \"What if I was always dead?\" Lydia shook her head in disbelief, \"You know that can't be true, BJ.\" \"What if I don't want to remember?\" he popped another beetle in his mouth, crunching it as he continued, \"It was different times then, Lyds. If yer family was infected, ya'd most likely become the next victim. If they died and ya survived, yer called a 'witch,' then executed.\" Lydia looked down at her hands before looking up at him, \"Were you?\" \"Was I what?\" \"Executed for witchcraft, since you survived?\" Betelguese took a deep breath. He couldn't be mad at Lydia, even though it was a touchy topic for him still after all these decades. He looked at her before nodding in agreement, \"I… was. My wife… was one of the last victims of the plague. She an' my two little girls perished in sickness. One of the locals found out that I was the lone survivor of the household an' I was brought before a jury of self-righteous morons that were willing to point the blame on anyone.\" \"And, you were found guilty?\" \"They decided on the ol' water test… I was tied to a boulder the size of yer vanity here and was dropped in the nearby river. Never came up, just… faded.\" Lydia rubbed her eyes as tears began to fall. Why did she ask for him to tell her? It was hard enough as it was for him, but knowing that she could see the torture in his eyes as he relived it for her? A white moss-covered hand offered a white pristine handkerchief to her, \"Now look what ya made me do. I made ya cry!\" Lydia chuckled, taking the handkerchief from the ghost before drying her eyes and blowing her nose. \"Thank you, BJ.\" He waved his hand at her, \"I ain't worth the tears, Lyds. They're better spent on some sick guy ya pin yer heart on.\" \"But I can feel sorry for you,\" Lydia countered, \"After all, no one should die the same way you did.\" \"Like I said before,\" the poltergeist explained, \"different times then. They were desperate times, too. An' ya know the old sayin'.\" \"Desperate times call for desperate measures.\" Betelguese snapped his fingers at her, \"Exactly.\" Lydia smiled and closed her book, feeling comfortable in the knowledge that she had at least understood how Betelguese died now. But as far as his name went, perhaps that was a mystery left for later. She grabbed her camera off the shelves nearby, \"I'm heading to the cemetery, want to tag along?\" \"The cemetery? What ya going do, dig up someone?\" Lydia laughed, \"I need a few more photos for an art collage I'm doing for school. If you want to come, you are more than welcome to.\" \"Aw, hell yeah!\" the poltergeist grinned before fading. Obviously, he was going to meet her there. Lydia grinned as she headed out of her room, closing the door to her dark, dark world.[Chapter 3] A continuation (?) of What's in a Name and Say it Once, Say it Twice . Don't Forget to visit my DA account & Ao3 account for more stories and leave Comments and Likes! When Betelguese suddenly appeared in Juno's office, he knew there was trouble. The last time he had been in here was right after the incidents with the Maitlands, and Juno had blown a gasket so large that smoke from her cigarette consumption had, not only filled the main offices below hers, but also the waiting room where others heard her shouting and screaming at him. Thankfully, his head had been shrunk by the witch doctor so he wasn't too concerned about losing his hearing. But it could be different this time around. Juno was sitting behind her desk, a cigarette stuck in between her clenched teeth. And she looked pissed. \"Sit down, Beetlejuice,\" she growled. \"Aww, look at that,\" he grinned, irritating her slightly, \"ya CAN actually say the name.\" \"Yes, and I would do it to get you out of here and into the exorcism prison, but we have far more important matters to discuss.\" \"Oh? And what would that be?\" Juno pulled a file out and set it on the table before the poltergeist. He flipped it open to reveal a familiar face. Half of the black hair was pulled up into a ponytail while pale features dipped in dark purple eyeshadow and black eyeliner and lipstick stared out at him. He raised a brow at Juno, \"What's Lyds gotta' do with this?\" \"I know you've been seeing each other on and off these past couple of weeks,\" Juno began, \"and many of the higher ups don't like it. Ghosts and other creatures don't belong in the human world, nor should they form affections for the living.\" \"I don't have affections fer her!\" Betelgeuse growled, \"An' even so, that's bullshit an' ya know it, Juno.\" \"Oh? Then why have you continued to make an effort to make yourself presentable?\" Juno asked, indicating to the new pale pink dress shirt he had swapped for his usual dirty white one. In fact, he had actually CLEANED his normal black and white pin-striped suit, scrubbed his black boots, and scrubbed some of the moss and dirt from his fingers to reveal the red tips of them from his death. \"The dress shirt was a gift from Lyds,\" the poltergeist explained, \"I love that she made it 'erself and it fits nicely. I don't take gifts if I didn't like 'em.\" \"Yes, I can understand that. But it's against a code in the Neitherworld.\" \"What code is that?\" \"The living cannot marry the dead. Ever.\" Betelguese painted a shocked look on his face, clutching his chest dramatically, \"Me? Marry a girl like Lyds? She wouldn't even give me the satisfaction of that the first time around!\" \"Exactly, the FIRST time around,\" Juno explained, \"She isn't a child anymore, and one day she might actually think that you're going to attempt to marry her again, and she'll go along with it!\" Juno took a deep breath and sighed, \"The fact of the matter is that if you both continue down this path, there could be serious consequences that we are not aware of for everyone, and not just you and Lydia. No ghost has ever attempted a relationship with the living.\" \"Until now?\" Betelguese shook his head, \"It's the twentieth century, Juno. There should be at least some changes to the so-called Neitherworld code.\" \"Those rules have been put in place since the dawn of time. It's highly unlikely that will change now.\" \"Well, it should.\" He turned to leave as Juno called out, \"Where are you going?\" \"Lyds will be done with school soon, I promised I'd take her out fer a bite,\" Betelguese grinned at Juno's shocked expression, \"Don't worry, I got everythin' under control.\" As he vanished with a snap of his fingers, Juno shook her head. She looked down at the photograph of Lydia before closing the file, thinking, 'I hope you know what you're doing, Beetlejuice.' Lydia had just set her book bag on her bed when there came three knocks from her vanity. She turned, smiling at the poltergeist who was sitting in her mirror. \"Hey, BJ!\" \"'Ello, Lyds! Still wanna get that bite?\" He opened his mouth to reveal long canines, like vampire fangs. Lydia laughed at the poltergeist's antics, \"Hopefully not that kind of bite you were referring to. But, if you're still up for it.\" \"Ya know the magic words, babes!\" \"Beetlejuice… Beetlejuice… BEETLEJUICE!\" A lightening strike and a crash of thunder later, and the ghost was in her room, hovering above her. \"I'll go an' get reacquainted,\" the ghost grinned before vanishing. Lydia rushed out of the room as a knock on the door resounded through the house. Her father, Charles Deetz, answered the door, \"Um? Can I help you?\" A strange looking girl with dirty blonde hair was at the door. She wore a pale pink t-shirt with a black and white striped skirt and black ankle boots. She grinned, showing off crooked teeth, and offered her hand out to Mr. Deetz, \"Hiya, Mr. Deetz! I'm Betty, a friend of Lyds from school.\" Lydia almost died laughing at hearing Betelguese's crackled voice come from the female at the door. Charles and \"Betty\" turned to see Lydia as she made her way down the steps. \"Hiya, Lyds!\" \"Hey, Betty. You're early you know?\" \"Better early than sorry, if ya know what I mean.\" Charles looked confused, \"Lydia, did you make plans and not let us know?\" \"Dad, I'm seventeen. I told you all last week that I was going out with my friend this evening. You both seemed okay with it.\" Mr. Deetz nodded, \"Okay, just don't stay out too late.\" \"We know,\" Lydia pulled Betty through the door as the girl waved at Charles. \"Nice meetin' ya, Mr. Deetz!\" As soon as they were out of ear shot of her family, Lydia burst into giggles, \"BJ! That is amazing!\" \"What? The fact that I just tricked yer daddy inta letting ya hang out er the fact I can change forms?\" \"Both, I guess. I honestly thought you going to appear as yourself to them.\" \"Betty\" shrugged her shoulders, \"At this point, Lyds, we probably shouldn't be bringin' up the past. It'll be safer fer both of us that way.\" Lydia nodded, recalling what he had meant by it. The first time her family encountered the poltergeist was when Lydia had let him out to save Barbara and Adam from being exorcised. He had, not only terrorized them, he had also taken the liberty of riding the family of her father's boss, his wife, and Otho all in one swoop. If they ever found out that \"Betty\" was Beetlejuice, her parents would only have a bone to pick with her, but BJ could get into serious trouble with the Nietherworld offices. \"Something on yer mind?\" Lydia smiled at the taller next to her, \"I could ask the same of you. You're awfully quiet.\" \"Touché, I'll tell you over a burger.\"[Chapter 4] heheh... hi guys! It's getting close to that time of year for me again, and I'm far from excited. But, with me starting back up in school in the next month, I might not be able to post or write as often as I would like, especially since I'll be busy with work and Homework. But, anyways, I was sitting on this one for awhile, trying to make it longer than it actually is. But, please enjoy and leave Kudos and Comments! Lightning flashed as Lydia jumped awake from her slumber. She was breathing hard as sweat dribbled down her forehead and neck. One hand came up and clutched her hair before sighing in relief. Just a nightmare. And, she wasn't one to get nightmares easily, but every so often the darkest parts of her already dark mind would sneak up and remind her of her fears. She pulled her quilt up along with her knees, tucking into herself as the last of the shaking subsided. Still, she couldn't help but think it was real… it felt real. A knocking broke her train of thought, making Lydia jump again. She looked toward the mirror as a specter appeared, \"Hey babes!\" \"Hi, BJ…\" The ghost looked at Lydia, concerned. Usually, she was happy to see him, but tonight felt off. Normally, when he had a chance, Betelguese would check on her around midnight to make sure she was alright, as well as keep any other creatures from the Nietherworld from coming near her. Especially since he had heard Prince Vince had caught wind of the goth girl defeating the specter at his own game. So, it seemed logically that tonight was a good night to check on her, and he was beginning to be glad that he showed up. Lydia was shaking on her bed, curled into her blankets like a small child and not like the head-strong woman he had known for the past month. \"Lyds?\" He watched as she flinched when he called out. For a moment, he was afraid that she didn't want to talk to him about what was troubling her. The next moment, he was floating in her bedroom, near her bedside. Lydia reached out and wrapped her arms around his waist. The motion startled Betelguese, but Lyds looked like she needed him. He wrapped his arms around her and held her close as he felt a wetness on his shirt. \"BJ… I'm scared.\" He rested his cheek on the top of her head, \"Babes, what's wrong? What happened?\" \"I had a nightmare… about you.\" \"…Oh?\" Lydia nodded, before she looked up at her best friend, \"You… forced me to marry you again. You kept telling me that I owed you for what happened to Adam and Barbara. When I tried to escape, you… killed me…\" She broke down and hid her face in his chest, recalling every vivid image of the vision. His hands rubbed her back, relaxing her. It helped as she continued through, \"You told me that it was the only to make it 'official.'\" Betelguese rubbed the back of her head, speaking to her gently, \"Lyds… I would never, ever , hurt ya. Ya have become something special ta me and it would kill me if anythin' happened ta ya.\" He took her face gently and lifted it to look up to have her look at him. Her dark eyes were red from the tears and the salty liquid was still falling, catching like diamonds on her eyelashes. She sniffled as a red-tipped finger grazed over her cheek, catching a bit of the salty wetness. He kissed her forehead, continuing, \"Lyds, I know ya. If ya knew I was indeed dangerous, ya would've never called me that first day a little over a month ago. Don't be afraid.\" \"I know,\" Lydia slowly smiled at him. Betelguese was never one to express himself, but when a crisis arose, he could have some common sense, \"It just felt so real, though.\" She sniffled again as she watched him landed next to her on her bed. He pulled his jacket off and held it out to her. Lydia crawled into his lap as the striped coat landed around her shoulders. She pulled her knees close to her body as his arms came around her, wrapping her up in his embrace. He stroked her hair whispering, \"Relax, Lyds… I'll keep 'em monster away fer the evenin'.\" Lydia giggled softly, the image of him in a rusted old suit of armor while he was fighting a \"monster\" something to laugh about. Betelguese watched as she settled herself into his embrace. He rocked her gently, knowing that she believed him and that it was only a dream that had frightened her and not real. Her lids drooped as she let out a yawn. She snuggled in and she was soon asleep. Betelguese smiled against her hair, resting his cheek on top of her head. She was safe from harm, but the dream she described had bothered him. He knew that it was wrong at the time to try and force a marriage upon her, but he wanted his freedom just as badly as she wanted the Maitlands to be free from their exorcism. He couldn't change the past, but he could be there for her in the future, only if she needed him though. \"I promise, Lyds,\" he spoke in a hushed whisper, \"whatever ya want, ya only need ta ask fer it, and I'll do my best fer ya.\" With it said, Betelguese shifted his body in a more comfortable position before closing his eyes, following Lydia into dreams.[Chapter 5] p id=\"docs-internal-guid-c4bfc3ec-7fff-ea6b-6b9c-a2da2e4a381b\" dir=\"ltr\"The house was silent as darkness fell across the hallways. All were asleep except for one, and screams were coming from her bedroom./p p dir=\"ltr\"Blood splattered on the screen as Lydia's eyes watched before popping a handful of popcorn in her mouth. Vicious laughter followed the bloodshed and curling screams as the two dolls on screen waddled out of the scene./p p dir=\"ltr\"The screen flickered then before turning blue./p p dir=\"ltr\"Lydia's eyes narrowed. What the hell?/p p dir=\"ltr\"\"Hey babes…\" a ghostly figure appeared on the screen, a satisfying smirk permanently on his moss covered face./p p dir=\"ltr\"\"BJ! What are you doing in there?\" Lydia grinned./p p dir=\"ltr\"\"Thought I'd drop in. Haven't heard from ya fer a while,\" the ghost with the most answered./p p dir=\"ltr\"\"Sorry, been busy with school and my projects. I haven't had time to call on you and have fun.\"/p p dir=\"ltr\"\"Why don't we 'ave some fun now?\" Betelguese wiggled his eyebrows suggestively./p p dir=\"ltr\"The goth smirked, \"If you want, i was in the middle of a good film if you want to join me.\"/p p dir=\"ltr\"\"What we watching? The Shining? Or The Exorcist again?\"/p p dir=\"ltr\"\"Actually, The Bride of Chucky.\"/p p dir=\"ltr\"\"Never heard of if.\"/p p dir=\"ltr\"\"Well, we'll just have to fix that.\"/p p dir=\"ltr\"After calling his name, the poltergeist appeared in the room, permitting the tv to return to it's bloody screen. Lydia rewinded the tape, so they could start from the beginning./p p dir=\"ltr\"\"Where da ya want me?\" Lydia turned and saw the ghost hovering in one corner of the room, looking around for a chair./p p dir=\"ltr\"\"Why don't you take a seat on my bed?\" Lydia offered./p p dir=\"ltr\"\"Really? Ya sure babes?\"/p p dir=\"ltr\"\"I trust you, BJ.\"/p p dir=\"ltr\"Betelguese plopped on the bed before pulling a box of worms out to munch on. Lydia joined him, fastforwarding through the previews./p p dir=\"ltr\"\"What made ya choose this one?\"/p p dir=\"ltr\"\"Lydia looked up in surprise, \"I guess… it was something different. It still is classified as a horror and thriller film, but it has some funny moments too.\"/p p dir=\"ltr\"\"Never thought you were the comedy type,\" the ghost cackled./p p dir=\"ltr\"Lydia hit him lightly on the arm, \"You make me laugh, BJ.\"/p p dir=\"ltr\"Before the ghost could reply, the open credits began as a body hit the ground./p p dir=\"ltr\" /p p dir=\"ltr\"***/p p dir=\"ltr\" /p p dir=\"ltr\"Betelguese stretched as the ending credits rolled. Lydia yawned loudly as she, too, stretched out./p p dir=\"ltr\"\"Hehehe, tired Lyds?\"/p p dir=\"ltr\"She rolled over to look at her clock before replying, \"Well, it is twelve forty-five.\"/p p dir=\"ltr\"\"I getcha, time fer bed babes.\"/p p dir=\"ltr\"Lydia let out a soft chuckle, \"Thanks again for joining me BJ, i really do appreciate it.\"/p p dir=\"ltr\"\"Hey, that's what I'm 'ere fer. Besides, never thought that movie was as good as it actually was.\"/p p dir=\"ltr\"\"Thanks BJ, I think it may have become my new favorite.\"/p p dir=\"ltr\"\"Can I ask why?\"/p p dir=\"ltr\"Lydia laid back on the pillows and thought. Her dark painted fingernails tapped on her stomach as Betelguese watched in curiosity./p p dir=\"ltr\"\"Honestly, I'm not sure,\" the woman replied, \"Maybe because I'm a soppy romantic underneath all this darkness, or I felt bad for Tiffany and Chucky because of what happened… I don't know…\"/p p dir=\"ltr\"\"Lyds, ya know serial killers don't deserve compassion, least of all yers,\" BJ sat on the bed next to her before kissing her forehead./p p dir=\"ltr\"Lydia blinked in surprised, \"What was that for?\"/p p dir=\"ltr\"\"No reason, babes. Get some sleep, I'll see ya in the morning.\"/p ","Summary":" This is my first fanfic for the Beetlejuice series. I may continue using one shots, but I haven't d"},{"Movie":"Annie","Title":"When Oliver Met Annie","Author":"Annie1999fan","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12455107","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I remember the first time I met Annie. She was like a daughter to me from the start. At first I had no idea why the heck Grace would chose a girl orphan to spend the holidays with us instead of a boy! I wanted a boy! Then I decided what the heck she can stay here for a week but she's all Grace's responsibility! I told Annie she could see a Broadway show with Grace since I had too much work to do than waste my time taking some random orphan girl to a play. Some moments later she somehow managed to pull my leg \"ear\" and take her to the show. Annie has so much energy! She spent the whole time running around and trying to see as many things as possible since Miss Hannigan has never let the kids out of the orphanage. First we went out for ice cream (how does she manage to pull my ears like that?) and when we got to the theater she could hardly sit still. We all enjoyed the show, especially Annie. On our way home she made us stop the car when she saw an \"old pal\" of hers, a dirty but friendly looking dog she calls Sandy. She asked if we could keep him and of course i said yes! I've always wanted a dog! On our way home Annie fell asleep in my arms. That was the moment she gained trust in me and knew I would never hurt her and I loved her like a daughter from the very start. She was so sweet in my arms I could've held her all night. I gently carried her upstairs to her room and tucked her into bed. That was the first time in my life I have ever even gotten close to someone let alone a child.[Chapter 2] It's been almost two weeks since Annie came to stay with us. I have grown even closer with her. She told me about her life at the orphanage and the work they had to do. I didn't have the heart to send her back and heck she was already a daughter to me. I told Grace one night that I want to adopt Annie. \"That is a wonderful idea sir! She loves it here and I would hate for her to go back to that horrible place or an orphanage!\" \"Me too! I would like to get her something special, I was thinking a new locket she always wears that broken one.\" I said. \"Lovely idea! I'll order it tonight! I'll bring the paperwork to the orphanage tomorrow for Miss Hannigan to sign!\" Grace replied excitedly. \"Can't wait to tell Annie! When should we tell her?\" I was thinking as soon as possible, \"How about tomorrow night after the locket comes in, and the papers are signed.\" Grace nodded excitedly and went to order in the locket and get the adoption papers in by tomorrow morning. The next day we had the adoption papers signed( Grace told me about the reaction Miss Hannigan had and I couldn't help but laugh) and the locket was just about to come in. A few minutes Grace came into the room with the blue box in hand saying, \"how are you doing sir?\" I said nervously \"oh you know.. a bit nervous.\" \"Just say how you feel and speak from your heart\" grace reassured \"I'll try.\" Just as I said that Annie ran into the study excited as ever \"mrs Pugh said we could have the picnic right here!\" \"Sounds wonderful. Now Annie before we eat there's something that I'd like to ask you.\" Motioning for her to sit down. I went on to explain how I grew up an orphan from a young age and from that day on I worked hard to become very rich. I told Annie that something was missing and I was looking for someone special to share life with. She still seemed to not follow what I was saying so I presented her with the blue box. When she opened the locket her reaction surprised me. She explained that she did not want a new locket because her parents left it with her as a baby along with a note saying they would come back for me. All she wanted was her parents. My heart just about broke in two for the little girl. I told her I would do everything to find her parents even if I had to pull every string right up to the president of the United States! ... And that is just what I did. I put every FBI agent on the case and she event went on Oxident Hour Of Smiles with stand-up comic Bert Healy. I put on air that we were sending out a search call for her parents and there was to be a 50,000 dollar reward for the couple who could prove to be her parents. The next day Grace had millions of people coming in and out of our house all day claiming to be Annie's parents but they all turned out to be fakes and frauds. No one seemed to know about the note or locket. Of course Annie beknf her positive self she ran into the room with all the engery and excitement \" have they came for me?\" It was heartbreaking to tell her that they haven't showed up and everyone who claimed to be her parents seemed to be fakes. \" well if I can't have my real mother and father I would love it if you were my father\" she had said a few minutes later and gave me the biggest hug possible. I couldn't be any more happier! I had Grace call Justice Brandies to come tonight to sign the adoption papers then Annie will officially be mine! In just a matter of what seemed to be minutes the house was transformed almost magically! I have never seen it like this before. Lights beautiful Christmas tree food everywhere and of course the pure joy of knowing that Annie would become my daughter very soon! That is until the Mudges is came. The \"Mudges\" claimed to be Annie's birth parents, they even showed us her birth certificate and the other half of her locket. They seemed to be very much her birth parents, but something about them was off. They seemed to be really into the 50,000 dollar reward and from the look grace gave me they were obviously frauds. Re agreed that they could take Annie and the check the next morning, Christmas morning. \"Let's go back to the guests and tell them your \"wonderful news\" I said to Annie glumly I could almost see tears in her eyes. As we were making the toast to Annie finding her parents she ran up the stairsin tears, Grace followed right behind her. I would have gone upstairs to check on her too if it wasn't for our newest guest, president Roosevelt himself. Half an hour later grace came down the stairs \"Annie asleep?\" I asked as she walked back into my study after the guests have left. She nodded \" Oliver I think we are dealing with people who don't claim to be who they are I remember seeing that man somewhere and I don't like the looks of it. And I think that woman just happens to be Miss Hannigan! Who else could know every detail about Annie including her locket?\" As soon as she said that I got every FBI on the case and worked through the night trying to solve the mystery of Annie's parents. The next morning we found Annie already in her coat and suitcase seated at the bottom of the stairs\" merry Christmas Annie.\" Grace said, trying to be cheerful \"merry Christmas. Do you think they'll let me keep Sandy? And visit you and miss grace?\" We both walked over to Annie and sat on each side of her \" of course they will!\" Noticing how tired me and Grace looked Annie stated\" you two look like you haven't gotten much sleep\" we explained that we were up all night working with the president and FBI but weren't able to find proof of anything. \" So I really am a Mudge? Annie Mudge?\" Just as that came out of Annie's mouth the Mudges walked through the door in an obviously starcastic fake voice \" where's our little Christmas present? We know she's here somewhere!\" Sandy, knowing these two. We're up to no good almost attacked the couple but Annie caught him just before he could jump. We agreed to give them their check for 50,000 dollars, obviously it was a fake check. When they were just about to take Annie out the door we could hear muffled voices\" unwind me!\" And in came a blond woman . Who was probably in on all this and right after her came no other than the orphans from the orphanage shouting sarcastically \"We love you miss Hannigan!\" Then of course their real identities were revealed to be Hannigan and Rooster her con artist brother and his sloozy girlfriend. After arrests were made Annie ran over to her orphan friends shouting\" Miss Hannigan's gone forever!\" \"Hooray!\" President Roosevelt wheeled himself over to Annie and said in a serious voice\"Annie I have some important news for you. We were able to trace the handwriting of your nite to s David and Margret Bennet.\" \"If the Bennett's are my real parents where are they?\" Here was the news I've been dreading to tell Annie \" Annie I'm sorry but your parents seemed to have passed away some time ago.\" With tears in her eyes she walked over to the stairs \"So I really am an orphan?\" Grace bent down to hug her and brushed away her tears. But being Annie she quickly looked on the bright side \"Well the bright side is at least I'm not a Mudge!\" We all had to laugh at that. Then I realized that Annie could now and truly be mine \"So I guess this is a new life for all of us, Annie would you like yo be Annie Bennet Warbucks?\" With her biggest hundred watt smile she hugged me\"id like tart more than anything\" Remembering my feelings for Grace I pulled out s blue box and walked over to her taking it out of my pocket\" when I say this is a new life for all of us I do mean all of us\" giving her the engsgement ring we all pulled each other into a hug as happy as ever! \"I don't need anything but you!\" (Based on the ending of the 1999 movie)[Chapter 3] A/N: sorry it took such a long time to get this up haven't had much time do to a lot of writing but here is Chapter 3! Things have finally settled down at our house whats with Annie almost getting kidnapped, the kids from the orphanage showing up and the \"Mudges\" and that St. Regis person getting arrested. It was a hectic morning for all of us but we were finally able to enjoy Christmas as a family, a REAL family and Annie's first ever Christmas. Annie loved having her friends over for Christmas, especially sweet little Molly. She really was.a special little girl and Grace and I were thinking of adopting her. Finally after a day and night of festivities we finally got our energetic daughter and her equally energetic friends to bed. \"Goodnight, mom, daddy Warbucks I love you two so much and I'm so happy to finally have parents of my own even if you're not my real parents\" Annie said sleepily reaching out to kiss us \"We're glad you're here forever and always baby. Soon we'll be a family officially when me and Daddy are married\" Grace said returning the kiss and Annie finally fell asleep. Grace snuggling into me said, \"She's ours Oliver she's really and truly ours! Now can the wedding come any time sooner?\" \"It'll be here soon enough shouldn't we be getting some sleep? We have a busy day ahead of us tomorrow.\" Grace and I quietly left Annie's room and left the door slightly open in case she would ever need us during the night. Grace and I walked into our room got into pajamas and went to bed. \"Oh Oliver I'm so happy we're finally together and Annie is safe! Look I saw Annie with little Molly today and she absolutely adores her! Oliver can we adopt her? I know it's soon but I would hate to separate those two\" well Grace certainly read my mind,\"You know, Grace I was thinking th same thing she's such a special little girl and they would make perfect sisters. I heard how she used to look after her in the orphanage. Yes Grace that's a brilliant idea! Do you think it's a good idea to tell the, tomorrow or wait?\" \"Well it wouldn't hurt to tell them tomorrow I would love them both to be in the wedding!\" Kissing Grace I thought it was a great idea to tell Annie and Molly about the adoption tomorrow, but for now we both drifted off to sleep. Th next morning I went to Annie's room to get her up for the day and found Molly cuddled up in Annie's side and Annie has a protective arm around her. Such dolls! I couldn't wait to tell them the wonderful news! Finally Annie stirred and woke up s irking at me,\"good morning Daddy Warbucks! Molly has a bad dream last night so she wanted to sleep with me. She always does\" kissing her on the check I said\" you're such a great friend to her we actually have a surprise for the two of you! Mom and I will tell you after your other friends leave.\" \"Really? Oh boy! I bet it's gonna be great!\" Molly, hearing Annie's voice finally woke up and looked at me and said,\"good morning Mr. Oliver I'm sorry for having a nightmare but Annie made it better.\" I lifted her out of bed and said,\" No need to be sorry everyone has a bad dream once in a while. Why don't the two of you go and see if the other girls are up and meet us all downstairs for breakfast?\" After hearing this the girls scrambled out of bed to get their friends up. To think that I Oliver Warbucks was to have two daughters and a wife within the next few weeks was crazy. If anyone would've told me a mere month ago that I was to have a wide and children if think them mad. But it's all coming into place now and I could never have been happier. The girls and grace were all downstaies in the dining room having pancakes, eggs and bacon made by Mrs. Pugh by the time I was dressed and ready. It seemed like everyone was having a great time and chatting away. I went over to my soon-to-be wife and gave her a kiss good morning \"Good morning, darling how did you sleep \" \" very good I think we were all exhausted from the day we had yesterday! Come have some breakfast.\" I sat down next to Grace and enjoyed my coffee and eggs listening to the excited chatter of the little girls sitting at our table. Grace and I gave each other a look that said we were both excited to tell Annie and Molly the news! After the breakfast dishes have been cleaned the girls went upstairs to play some more u til it was time for them to go back to the orphanage, which was run by a different kinder woman now where they will stay until they each get adopted. \"Thanks for havin' us over Annie! I'll see you soon! Thanks for gettin' me a mom and dad!\" Said one of the girls, Kate I think her name was. \"Yeah thanks for the food\" said one of the grumpier older girls, Pepper I believe her name was. After the other girls have gone home and it was just Annie Molly, Grace and I we all went into the living room to tell the girls the wonderful news. Grace went first \"Annie, Molly daddy and I have something very exciting to tell you! Molly how would you like it if we adopted you?\" Molly jumped up and ran over to hug and kiss us \"You mean you and Oliver are my and Daddy? Oh boy! Annie you're my sister!\" Molly ran over to hug Annie and Annie hugged and kissed Molly on the cheek,\"yeah Molly they are! You can call them Mommy and Daddy now and I'm glad we're finally sisters!\" Annie ran up to me and said\"thank you so much Daddy Warbucks! I think this is the best Christmas ever!\" \"You're welcome baby we saw how much you loved Molly and we didn't want to separate the two of you!\" The rest of the day was spent getting Molly's adoption papers signed and starting to plan the wedding and of course spending the whole day as a family of four. I could hardly wait for the wedding and many more memories to come in the upcoming years.[Chapter 4] Grace and I decided that the wedding was to be held the second weekend in January. Grace lived the beginning of winter when the snow was fresh on the ground and not dirty and covered in soot. It was a hectic busy but very exciting next few weeks as we planned the wedding and the reception. Everything was to be held at our house I could hardly wait to see Grace in her wedding dress. Finally the day of the wedding arrived! It was the most beautiful wedding I've ever been to! Annie and Molly made the cutest flower girls in little matching pink dresses and black Mary Janes. The guests were mostly my work colleagues and Grace's two sisters Jen and Melissa, they had kids about Annie's age and Jen was staying at the house to watch everyone while Grace and I were on our honeymoon. We hoped they would get along perfecly with their new cousins. Grace's parents sadly passed away some time ago so they could not be with us and I was orphaned at a young age so I had no parents to speak of so as well. The ceremony began at 1:00 sharp with Grace being given away by Drake. She was the most beautiful bride I have ever seen. Her dress was Mrs. Pugh's and her hair was done up in curls. The blessings and vows were read and finally it was time to kiss. It was the best kiss I have ever gotten and I wish we stayed like that forever. \"I love you Oliver Warbucks\" \"And I love you Grace Warbucks\" kissing her on last to,e before the reception began. After a fun filled reception grace and I got ready to leave for our one week honeymoon to Lake Placid. That has always been my favorite ski resort and I couldn't wait to show it to each said goodbye to our girls, it still felt funny to say OUR girls. \"Goodbye Annie and Molly! Be good for Aunt Jen! You'll love your cousins Kathryn and Jake!\" Grace said kissing both on the cheek. I noticed Molly was in tears \"Don't go Daddy! I don't wanna be an orphan again!\" Oh dear I knew this would happen, I knelt down to her level and gave her a reassuring squeez \"You will NEVER be an orphan again my princess! It's just one week it'll go by so fast by the time you know it Mommy and I will be back!\" \"Ok Daddy I love you and Mommy so much\" she gave us on last hug and kiss. Grace and I left for the resort and checked into our room and decided to just stay in and snuggle for the night. We'd have a busy fun packed week ahead of us. \"Oliver I just wish so much that my parents were here! They'd love the girls and I'm sure Mom would spoil them rotten.\" \"I know darling I know how you feel but both our parents are looking down at us and smiling at how far we've come\" I said snuggling grace into me \"You really think so? \"I know so darling lets get some rest I can't wait to show you the slopes!\" \"Oh I haven't been skiing in so long I may be rusty.\" \"Well with me you'll be a pro in no time!\" We kissed again and rolled over and went to sleep. The next week was a busy but fun one. We went skiing, ice skating, tubing, enjoyed a fancy dinner and just enjoyed being together just the two of us! Who knows how much alone time we'd have now since we have two very energetic daughters on our hands! We had a wonderful time and soon it was time for us to head back to ththe mansion to be together as a family again. \"Mom! Daddy Warbucks.! You're home!\" Was the first thing we head stepping out of the car and seeing Annie running towards us and Molly not so far behind running to greet scooped up both our girls (me Annie and Grace Molly) \"we're you good for Aunt Jen?\" Grace asked sitting Molly down. \"Yep! We loved Kathryn and Jake! I love my new cousins! We even helped mrs. Pugh bake cookies! And Aunt Jen took us to the movies!\" was Annie's energetic reply \"can we see them again?\" \"I'm glad you were enjoying yourselves and yes you two can see your cousins any time you want! Let me call Aunt Jen and see when we can get you all together again\" said grace and scooping to Molly's level she asked \"How did you like your cousins?\" Molly being a bit on the shy side said shyly\"they were really nice! I missed you and daddy a lot tho and I'm glad you're home!\" \"We're glad we're home too princess your mommy and I had a great timday skiing and we were thinking of taking the whole family there next year!\" Both girls loved the idea of skiing in Lake Placid. The rest of the day was spent as a family and enjoying a quiet meal together of spaghetti and meatballs (one of Annie's favorite dishes). After dinner we spent time tighter in the study, Grace read to Molly and Annie and I played a few games of chess. Soon it was time to go to bed and neither of the girls made protest. Finally after we settled the girls into bed Grace and I went to our room to have some more \"alone time\" then went to bed ourselves. Not just a few hours later I heard a little girl's cry which sounded like Molly. I quietly for up and went to her room and found the poor girl crying and clutching her doll. \"Oh my poor princess what's wrong? Daddy's here daddy won't let anything happen to you! Did you have a bad dream?\" I went over and held her in my lap and she nodded tears still running down her face. \"Im sorry are you gonna send me back?\" \"Now why on earth would I do that for? Mommy and I love you and Annie both so much having a bad dream isn't going to cause us to want to send you back. Now tell me about your dream sometimes that helps.\" I wiped her tears gently and she wrapped her ar,d around me and said in a small voice\" well you and mommy didn't come back from your honeymoon and me and Annie were orphans again then someone tooked Annie way and I was all alone with Miss. Hannigan!\" She whimpered I to my shoulder and I held her and kissed her on the forehead. \"Well princess that'll never ever happen and Mommy and I will always be here to take care of you girls and neither of you will ever have to worry about being an orphan again \" she nodded and started to fall asleep again. I stayed with her until she was sound asleep once more and crept quietly out of her room and leaving the door slightly open as we do with Annie's if she ever needed us again that night. From Molly's actions it didn't look like it was th last time one of these episodes would happen again. Here's to the first night of being a Daddy of two![Chapter 5] The next few months seemed to be flying by ans by the time any of us knew it was summer vacation. If you knew me a year who I wouldn't of thought twice of taking any sort of \"vacation\", but now since I have a family to spend it with I decided to enjoy it as much as possible. Grace and I got whiter work that wasn't needed to be done after the girls went to bed. Another thing we decided wad was to get both Annie and Molly into school in the fall. After hearing Annie's stories about living in the orphanage it appeared that they got little or no schooling. Grace and I decided to Errol, them into school the following fall and have them tutored over the summer. Annie was as always excited about starting school and learning new things. Molly on the other hand was a bit nervous and she was always the shy one but she'd ge5 the hang of going to school quickly. They were both doing so well with their tutoring but we noticed that Molly was having a bit of a hard time with learning the letters and reading but we thought nothing to it since she wasn't only entering the first grade. one night at the end of June grace and I were finishing up some work before heading off to bed grace started staring of fun into space. \"Grace? What's wrong?\" \"is this the right choice for then Oliver?\" at first I wasn't sure wha she was getting st then I figured she was thinking of the girls and school. I got up to give my wife a hug. \"Grace you have absolutely nothing to worry about this school is the best one for annie and Molly and their teachers understand their situation. This is why we chose this school for them and it's only June we have s full two months ahead of us and the girls are doing fine with their tutoring.\" at that grace kissed my ear, something she loves to do and I don't mind one bit. \"You're right Oliver they will be fine I love you more than you know.\" \"and same with you snd the girls. How about a family vacation at the end of August?\" grace loved the ide of a vacation and it'd be annie and Molly's first. We thought it would be a great idea to go to cape cod MA for a week at the end of August. We couldn't wait to tell Annie and Molly the wonderful news. We knew they'd both be thrilled at the idea. The rest of th summer was pretty uneventful but we did enjoy a nice 4th of July picnic and fireworks, in which Annie and Molly loved. The first week in August we decided to tell the girls the exciting news at dinner that night. When Grace and Molly cane downstairs that night Molly's face was red and it looked as if she was wanting to upset her I decided to talk to grace after dinner and meanwhile I was sure she'd be cheered up right away at the idea of a beach trip. Just as we were about to eat I got up and made my announcement. \"Hey girls do you remember how you were saying you have always wanted to go to the beach?\" Annie and Molly both looked at me wide eyed waiting fo me to go on. \"Well mommy and I hav decided that we would go on a family trip to the beach for a week at the end of August! What do you say to that!\" Annie immediately jumped out to her chair and hugged and kissed grace and I. \"Leapin lizards! I've always wanted o go to the beach! I've read about it and seen many pictures of them but now we can go to a real one!\" Molly ran up and hugged me and jumped into my lap. \"Yeah daddy thank you! I went to the beach with my other mommy and daddy when I was a baby but I don't remember it much. Wow a real beach! I can't wait!\" I chuckled at both my daughters excitement. Molly and Annie then went to their places and ate while they talked about all the fun things they'll do at the beach and all the cool things they could find. Seeing that Molly got over whatever she was upset about I decided to wait till later to talk to Grace about it. When the girls cleared up snd went outside for a bit to play before dark I decided that this was the right time to ask grace hat moly was upset about. \"Oh grace I noticed that Molly looked like she was crying when she came downstairs to dinner? What was that all about!\" \"Oh Oliver my poor baby was upset because she couldn't learn her letters fast enough and had a hard time with reading and she thought she was dumb and didn't want to b made fun of. Oh my poor baby it broke my heart.\" After hearing this my heart just about broke too. I hated to hear that my little baby girl thought she was dumb or not smart. I have grace a reassuring squeeze. \"Oh the poor thing. She is such a bright little girl we will help her with her reading if she needs it. I'll talk to her later ok?\" Grace planted a soft kiss on my lips and got up to get the girls ready for their bath. \"I love you Oliver Warbucks. More than you know.\" Later that night after I ticked Annie into bed I went to talk to Molly. I found her in her room just getting under the covers. She smiled when she saw me. \"Hi daddy!\" \"Hi princess mommy told me you were a little bit upset tonight because you couldn't get some of your letters right.\" At that Molly's eyes filled with tears snd they started rolling down her cheeks. I immediately went over to her and placed her in my arms. \"I'm sorry I'm dumb daddy I'll try to read better I promise.\" I hated seeing Molly this upset just as much as grace did earlier. \"Molly Jane there is nothing to b sorry about it's ok to struggle with reading you will get th hang of it you're a very bright smart little girl you'll get the hang of it soon enough! We will be here to help you along with your teacher alright? And if anybody teases you just tell your teacher or tell them to sop. Mommy Annie and I love you very much.\" \"Ok daddy I love you.\" At that Molly started to fall asleep I gently tucked her into bed and left the door slightly open. Grace and I got some more work done, then headed to bed ourselves. The next few weeks were very busy with getting the girls ready for school and planning the was of course over the moon excited to make new friends and learn new things. Molly on the other hand was a bit nervous about starting school. We knew she was always a little shy but we hop d she'd get over that once school started. The Saturday before we left for vacation grace decided to make a day out of school shopping and try to get Molly ess nervous about school. When the girls came home that night Annie was so excited to show me her school supplies and new cloths. \"Daddy! Look at all the neat school supplies I got! And so many new clothes!\" Molly then ran up to m looking far from nervous and jumped into my arms. \"Daddy I got some new pretty dresses and new school stuff too! Now I'm excited to learn and make new friends!\" \"That's my princess I'm glad you're not nervous anymore. Hey we have a vacation to get ready for so let's start packing!\" I put Molly down and both Annie and Molly went upstairs to put away their new things and get packing started. I heard grace give a sigh of relief. I went up to her and gave her a hug. \"I'm glad Molly is over being nervous.\" \"Me too let's just hope this lasts until th first day. But now let's just focus on our vacation ahead of us shall we?\" I nodded and we both went up to our room to start packing. We were both up pretty late getting everything together snd into the car since it'll be an early start for the trip tomorrow. We got a lot of packing don last eke but we did the last of it tonight. We all headed to bed early since we'd have to b up at 530 the next day to be on the road at 6am. We all slept great, even Molly who usually wakes from a nightmare at least once a night. By the time we knew it we were both up at 5am to get everything into the car and get a quick breakfast for the girls. Grace went to wake the girls p while I got the car out front and br akfast ready. Annie not even r alizing how early it was came bounding down the stairs with as much energy if it was noon instead of 530am. \"Daddy I can't wait to get to the beach!\" I had to place my hand gently on her shoulder to calm her down s hit. \"I know darling I am too but we still have quite the drive. Why don't you get breakfast.\" Annie ran into the dining room to get stated on eating. Grace came down shortly after with a sleeping Molly in her arms. \"She looked so tired I couldn't bear the thought of waking her.\" I kissed my wife and sleeping daughter. \"That's fine she can sleep on the way snd have breakfast on the car.\" By 6 we were all packed into the car (even sandy) and headed for our trip to the cape. It was an 8 hour drive to Falmouth MA it was both Grace and i's first time being in that area so we were both looking forward to our vacation as much as the girls were. By 10am Molly was up and both girls were chattering in t h back about how exited they both were and all the fun things they'd do once they got there. Since it was nearly dinner by the time we arrived we decided to hold the beach for tomorrow and make a full day of it. The girls loved the house and there was a pool out back so they could have the option of going to the beach or pool. We let the girls run around s bit to burn off energy while we got the house set up. We then went out to eat at s seafood restraint. Both girls thought eating fish sounded yucky but Grace and I encouraged them to try. \"Hey it might not taste as gross as it sounds. I think you should both try som thing new.\" Annie and Molly got shrimp platters which they enjoyed greatly. After dinner we took a little walk around the beach. By the time we got to the house Annie was so tired she could barley walk and Molly had to be carried up to the house. We put the girls to bed then went to bed ourselves. I kissed grace goodnight and before turning in for the night I said, \"I'm glad we could give Annie and Molly a real and first vacation.\" \"Me too I love you Oliver thank you for taking us here.\" With that we both fell into a peaceful sleep. It was barley dawn when I felt a very excited jump on the bed and a very very excited 6 year old saying \"Mama Daddy wake up! It'd a beach day!\" Grace then gently told her that it was still very early and we would get to the beach after breakfast and spend the whole day there . Molly soon fell back to sleep snuggle in between us then we all woke up again at930. Annie then burst into the room with all the excitement she could have . \"Wake up you sleepyheads! It's a beach day!\" Grace gently woke up molly and we all got out of bed. I went over and gave Annie a hug. \"Yes it is a beach day darling but we need to eat breakfast first don't we?\" Annie and Molly then raced down the stairs to get breakfast. After we ate, got everyone into swimsuits n and got beach bags ready we headed out for s full day of the beach. The girls had so much fun dimming in the ocean and looking for shells, sea glass and hermit crabs. By noon grace had to pry them out of the water for lunch. I was so glad my family could enjoy a vacation together and Annie and Molly could have their first experience at a beach with s real family. I couldn't wait for more memories like these to come and hopefully with more little ones in the future. The rest of the day was spent building sand castles, playing catch with sandy, more swimming in the ocean and grace and I even joined in on the fun. That night we went to another seafood place and Annie declared that seafood was her new favorite type of food now. We spent all of the rest of the week enjoying the beach, pool and some sightseeing and shopping. Both girls and grace and I had a wonderful family vacation and were all disappointed when it was time to head back to the mansion the following Saturday. But the next big thing was school for the girls and I looked forward to what this new year will bring for all of us. This would be a family vacation to remember for years to come.[Chapter 6] As soon as we got home from vacation we got Annie and Mikey ready for their first day of school the following Monday. Annie was so excited to be starting a real school and even Molly got over her nervousness of starting school for the first time. I still wanted to ask Annie about Molly's shyness before she went to sleep that night. \"Oh Annie mommy and I have noticed that Molly tends to be very shy and gets very nervous with new situations. Was she always like this at the orphanage?\" \"Yeah she's always been the quietest one but once you really get to know her she's really talkative and bubbly. I'm sure she'll mate some friends at school it'll just take time.\" I felt relieved knowing this. I kissed Annie goodnight. \"Im glad yes I'm sure she'll be absolutely fine. Thank you for being a great big sister let's get some sleep now we have a big day ahead of you tomorrow!\" I gave Annie on last kiss goodnight and left the room to go to Molly's room. I found her laying peacefully in bed with her stuffed animals. I smiled at my youngest daughter's sweetness. \"Hi baby it's time to go to sleep you have a big day tomorrow.\" Molly snuggled under the covers and motioned foe me to sit next to her. I gave her a kiss goodnight and pulled the covers gently around her.i was glad she seemed to be more excited about school and I couldn't wait for them to start a new chapter of their life. Before falling asleep Molly whispered \"Goodnight Daddy I love you I'm not scared about school now!\" Smiling at this I gently got off the bed and left the room leaving the door slightly open. I turn went to grace and i's room to get ready for bed myself. Grace was already in bed read f when I came into the room to put on my pjs. \"The girls asleep?\" \"Yep I'm not sure if Annie will ever sleep from all that excitement but let's hope she gets some sleep.\" I snuggled under the covers and pulled grace into my arms. \"They'll be fine I'm just glad they can have a real family and s real education. Goodnight Oliver I love you.\" With that grace fell asleep on my arms and I fell asleep not long after her. It was a peaceful sleep for all of us, that is until 2am when I heard s little girl's cry. It sounded like Molly having a bad dream. Grace got up to comfort her, figuring she'll be fine o de grace got her settled back down I decided to let her handle it and I fell back to sleep. Grace didn't come back into bed so I figured she stayed with Molly for the night. The next morning everyone was up and ready at 730am. Annie practically ran into the dining room for breakfast with Molly and grace following behind. \"Morning daddy! It's my first day of school! Leapin lizards!\" I got up to give Annie Molly and grace a good morning kiss. Molly looked less upset and it appeared she was over whatever bad dream she had the night before. Molly then jumped into my arms. \"Good morning daddy! I'm excited to start school today!\" \"Well I'm glad to see the two of you so suited but we need to eat first.\" I set Molly down and we all enjoyed our breakfast. After the girls finished and cleared their plates they went upstairs to get their things and we headed off to school. We dropped Annie off at her classroom first. She practically flew into the classroom. \"Bye mom bye daddy! See you this afternoon!\" \"Bye sweetie we'll be right here at 230! Can't wait to hear all about your first day!\" We then walked Molly to her first grade classroom. When we entered the room she suddenly grew more nervous and started clinging to grace. \"It's alright sweetie remember there is nothing to be afraid of ok? You'll love school and you'll love your teacher and make new friends! We will be here right after we pick up Annie alright?\" Grace bent down to give Molly a kiss and I gave her a tight squeeze. \"You promise mama?\" \"I promise baby.\" We then let Molly walk into the classroom where she sat at a desk. She seemed to be fine so we left the too . I was glad Annie and Molly seemed to be adjusting and we couldn't wait to her about their first day later that afternoon. Grace and I went back to the mansion and caught up on work until it was time to pick the girls up at 230. When we arrived to Annie's classroom she was bursting with excitement. \"Hi mom hi daddy! I really like school! My teacher is great and I already made some friends!\" I hugged Annie and gave her a kiss glad to hear she had a great first day. \"I'm glad to hear let's go get your sister.\" Molly came out of her classroom equally excited as Annie was. \"Mama Daddy! I love school! Miss Evans is rally nice and I like learning! I even had someone to sit with at lunch!\" I was glad Molly ended up being over her fears from this morning and was happy with school and eager to learn. We drive back to the mansion and the girls went outside to play then did what little homework (Molly had none) they had. We had dinner gave the girls a bath and did the same routine we will probably be doing for many more days to come. We were glad they were both so well adjusted with school and new teachers. Grace and I hoped for a great res of the school year. The rest of September seemed to fly by and our school and work schedule seemed to be going well. Both girls were happy with their classes and both doing very well academically and socially. Annie even got invited to her first sleepover. That is until Grace received a very strong phone call towards the beginning of October. She had s very worried look on her face and seemed to be very distressed. \"Grace what's wrong?\" \"It was Molly's teacher miss Evans she wanted to meet with us on Friday.\" \"Is she ok?\" \"She seems to be fine her teacher is worried about her reading.\" Well I knew where this was coming. We knew Molly had a little hard time learning her letters over the summer but she seemed to be doing so well. \"She's been doing so well though? Alright well if her teacher wants to meet with us then we will and wait and see what she has to say.\" We decided not to tell Molly or Annie about the meeting just yet. On Friday after the girls got home from school we went to miss Evans classroom for our meeting. She greeted us warmly and led us to some chairs. \"Thank you for meeting with me today mr and Mrs Warbucks. Your daughter Molly is a bright child and we love having her in class. But we hav noticed she has a bit of a hard time with her reading.\" Grace voiced both of our thoughts. \"But she has been doing so well and were working with her at home.\" \"I know but it has come to mine and some other teachers that Molly has dyslexia.\" I then asked what dyslexia was. I hated knowing my daughter had some kind of diagnosis. Miss Evans answered gently. \"It's a disability that causes her to mix her letters and words up. But she is very very bright I'm sure if we work hard enough with her she will be able to overcome it's.\" Grace looked very upset and I squeezed her hand. She tried to speak but her voice broke and almost let out a sob, I took over the conversation. \"Well we will work with her. We want the best education for Molly possible. Do you think tutoring would help? What about homeschooling? We really don't want her isolated but if it's best for her then that's what we'll do.\" Miss Evans gave me a comforting squeeze on the hand. \"Well let's try tutoring fo now and if she isn't any better by Christmas break then we will have to consider homeschooling.. I'm sure she'll be able to see her friends on weekends and birthday parties. She loves it here and we love having her in class. Again she is smart enough to overcome her dyslexia. Please give me a cal any time with questions.\" Grace and I quietly got up to leave and shook Miss Evans hand. It broke my heart seeing grace so upset but we both wanted what was best for Molly and we wanted her to have the best education possible. If tutoring was the best thing then we'll go for it and just hope for the best. The car ride home was a long quiet one. I gave grace's hand a squeeze. \"She'll be fine grace she has us and Annie and were going to her her the best tutor possible. She'll get through this I know she will!\" \"I know Oliver it's just not fair I want her to have the best education possible she's my baby!\" \"I know I hate hearing this just as much as you do but we're gonna make the best of it ok? I love you Annie and Molly more than anything and I would do anything for the three of you never forget that.\" We then arrived to the mansion and grace immediately burst into tears and ran up the stairs to her room. I followed her but I was met by Mrs. Pugh who had a cup of tea in hand. \"Don't worry Oliver I'll talk to her.\" I let Mrs. Pugh talk to grace and I decided to tell Annie first about Molly's dyslexia then I would talk to Molly. I found Annie in her room reading(her favorite thing to do since coming here). \"Oh hi daddy! Wait what's wrong?\" She noticed the worried look on my face. I sat down on the bed and pulled Annie into my arms. \"Well Molly doesn't know this yet but we just had a meeting with her teacher. She has dyslexia a disorder that causes her to have a hard time getting her letters straight and mixes them up. She needs a lot of support right now and needs all the help she can get.\" \"Of course I'll help her! She's my baby sister I'd do anything for her!\" I was proud of Annie for being such an understanding big sister and jumping right in to help Molly. I was glad to hear that Annie wanted to help Molly with her reading every night before bed. It made me even prouder. I gave her a tight hug and kiss before getting up to find Molly. I found mo,,y in her room playing with her dolls. She ran up to me when she saw me enter the room. \"Hi daddy! Want to play dolls with me?\" \"Maybe in a little bit I need to talk to you.\" I gently sat down and sat Molly in my lap. \"Am I in trouble daddy?\" \"Oh no not at all sweetie. We had a meeting with your teacher today. We found out that you have what is called dyslexia. It means that you get your letters mixed up and have s bit of trouble reading.\" Tears started running down Molly's cheeks. My heart just about broke at seeing molly this upset. \"I'm sorry I'm dumb daddy I'll try hard to learn to read.\" My heart broke at those words. Molly was anything but dumb! \"Molly Jane look at ,e. It is NOT your fault that you have dyslexia and you do NOT need to be sorry about anything. You are very smart you'll get through this. Me mommy Annie and your teacher are here to help you Ok? I love you very much and I would do anything for you Ok?\" Molly wiped her tears and gave me a tight hug. I held her for a while then she asked. \"Will I have to leave school? I like my friends and Miss Evans is nice!\" \"No you will stay in school but you'll have s tutor work with you outside of school. Why don't you go find mommy and talk to her.\" \"Ok I really want to be good at reading.\" I gave Molly a kiss and let her go see grace. From the sound of their conversation it seemed like Molly was beginning to understand about her dyslexia and we will all get through this as a family. We are strong and united and we will help Molly as much as we can. I was so proud of Molly for accepting her dyslexia and Annie for committing to help her sister with her reading. For now we will just have to hope tutoring will work out for her.[Chapter 7] The rest of September seemed to fly by ans by the time we knew it it was October. Molly seemed to be well adjusted to her tutoring and most of the woek she did with the tutor was whatever they were working on in class so she wouldn't be overwhelmed with extra work with the tutor. Annie was doing great in school and loved her classes especially reading and writing. Grace and I were proud of both our daughters and couldn't believe how far along they've come. In the middle of October we realized Annie's birthday was coming up. Grace and I wanted to make sure she had the biggest most special birthday celebration she could ever ask for! Remember her talking to grace about what she wanted to do for her birthday but I was too busy then so I decided to talk to grace two weeks before her birthday. \"Oh grace I've been meaning to ask what does Annie want to do for her birthday ?\" \"Well her birthday is on a Sunday this year so she decided to have her friends over from school for a sleepover party and Sunday Annie Molly and I would have a girls day out for her birthday.\" \"That's a wonderful idea!\" I went to hug my wife loving her and all th fun things she had planned for Annie's birthday. Then remembering her friends fro, the orphanage. \"Oh grace did she say she wanted to invite her friends for, the orphanage? I remember how close they all were last Christmas.\" Grace smiled wider at this. \"Actually olive ri was going to surprise hr and invite h girls from the orphanage to the party! I'm sure Annie and Molly be thrilled to have them over!\" \"That's a wonderful idea! They will love it and I love how Annie is including Molly in everything.\" And that was settled grace went to make a few phone calls to the girls' new families and fortunately all of the girls were able to make it! I couldn't wait to see the look on Annie's face when she saw her friends from the orphanage. The next two weeks were quite hectic with work and planning the party. Annie invited 4 other friends from school and promised to have Molly included in everything. I loved how Annie was such a great sister to moly. It made grace and I very proud. The day of the party was spent mostly setting up and getting everything ready. Annie's friends were due to arrive by 5 that was getting more and more excited by the hour even got Molly into the excitement. \"Leapin lizards my first real birthday party!\" Annie kept jumping up and don and I had to gently place my hand on her shoulder to calm her down a bit. \"I know sweetie we're all excited too but save your energy for when your friends arrive ok? It's almost 3 why don't you and Molly go bathe and get dressed?\" At that Annie and Molly scrambled up the stairs to get ready. By 330 Grace had both girls dressed and bathed for the party. They each had a new dress specially bought for the party. Annie had a light blue one and Molly had a light pink one. They looked like little dolls walking down the stairs together hand and hand. The next two hours were long slow ones for two very excited girls. Finally at 5 Annie's friends start d arriving one by one. \"There here! My friends are here!\" Annie ran to the front door to greet her friends and had Drake get their coats. \"Hi everyone thank you so much for coming today! Mom dad Molly these are my friends from school.\" Molly shyly waved and hid behind Grace. She bent down and kissed Molly on the forehead. \"It's alright baby they're just Annie's friends don't b shy you'll have fun I promise.\" Then turning to th other girls, \"Hello everyone! You can put your things in he guest room then you can go on and play outside.\" Annie noticing Molly's sudden shyness took her sister's hand and showed her friends to the guest room. I smiled at this sweet gesture. \"I'm glad we could give Annie the party she hated and she's including Molly in everything.\" \"Me too I'm glad we could give her the perfect birthday! The girls from th orphanage should be arriving soon .\" Annie Molly and her friends soon came downstairs and went outside to play. Just a few moments later the girls fro, the orphanage arrived with their new and I were both glad they could make it. I greeted them at the front door. \"Thank you so much for coming. If you don't remember me I'm Oliver and this is my wife Grace. Annie Molly and her friends are our back you can go put your things upstairs and then go play. This is a surprise for Annie so I'm sure she'll be thrilled to see all of you!\" After they put their things upstairs the newly arrived guests went outside to meet Annie and Molly. By the sounds of their shouts and laughter and Annie's \"Leapin lizards\" they were both thrilled to see their old friends. Grace and I went out to watch them play. They all seemed to be having a wonderful Time and Annie made sure all of the girls were introduced and included in their games. Even the grumpy girl Pepper seemed to be enjoying herself. I was happy Annie had the best party she could ever ask for and I felt Grace lean into me. I wrapped my arm around her as we watched Annie happily play with her sisters and friends. Soon it was time for dinner and cake. Dinner was hotdogs and hamburgers followed by a chocolate cake, Annie's Favorite. Annie then opened her presents. The girls ohhed and ahhed the new toys books and games Annie received. They then went to the movie room to watch some scary Halloween movies. Since Molly was so prone to having nightmares Annie said it was best if Molly wasn't included but she felt bad. Molly seemed to not mind and went to her room to play with her and I decided to let th girls have their on fun for the rest of the night. We managed to get some work done and Grace went to check on Molly and the girls. Before heading to bed I went to Annie's room to say goodnight. \"Goodnight annie I love you. Happy birthday.\" \"I love you daddy and mom too. Thanks fo surmising is with the girls fro, the orphanage it means a lot and thank you for giving me the best birthday ever.\" I kissed Annie ans gently tucked her into bed. I then went to our room to get some rest myself. Grace came in a few minutes late looking a little worried. \"Grace what's wrong?\" \"Well I was talking to Molly and she told me that Pepper was making fun of her bcause she got some of he numbers mixed up during a game.\" Oh the poor thing! No wonder she seemed a little sad earlier just didn't want to interfere with Annie's fun. \"Oh poor thing I know that girl can be mean sometimes I hope she knows she can always come to us for anything and don't let anybody tease her. I live both our daughters so much.\" I pulled grace into my arms and held her tightly. We then went to bed for the night. We all slept pretty well. The girls were up fairly late talking until the early hours of th morning. It was Annie's special day so we decided not to bother and let them stay up as late as they wanted. It was a late morning for the girls the next day even Molly slept pretty late. They all came down for breakfast at1030am. Mrs. Pugh made everyone blueberry and chocolate chip pancakes. I went over to Annie and kissed her good morning. \"Good morning baby happy birthday! Were you up late?\" \"Thanks daddy and yeah we stayed up till 3am!\" I was glad Annie was enjoying herself orb her friends. I then looked at Molly who didn't seem to be too upset so I decided to let it go and joined everyone for breakfast. Grace and I listened as the Girls chattered excitedly about the events of yesterday and the next Tim they'd get together. After breakfast hey went outside to play before their parents picked them up at 2. By the time everyone left with hugs and tears and promised to see each other again for Christmas Annie and Molly decided to take a nap before their special girls night with grace. Before heading upstairs and I hugged grace and I. \"Thank you for such a great birthday mom and daddy I can't wait for our girls night!\" Grace kissed Annie and gave her a tight hug \"Were glad you had a one full birthday honey and I can't wait for tonight either.\" Whole th girls rested, grace and I decided to get some work done and rest a bit ourselves. We were both glad Annie could have her first real celebration. Annie Molly and Grace left at 5 to have their special girls went to a movie and dinner and came back to the mansion where we all had cake together. It was a quiet peaceful night but the girls were pretty tired and didn't seem to and I ticked in Annie and Molly where Annie once again thanked us for a wonderful birthday was decided that a girls night would be a special family birthday tradition. Grace and I both looked forward to the many more birthdays to come[Chapter 8] The rest of October flew by and by the time we knew it it was thanksgiving break and Molly's birthday was coming up. Also in two weeks we would have the meeting with Molly's teacher to decide on the homeschooling option. We were really hoping Molly could stay in the classroom but again we wanted what was best for Molly to help her have the best education.. she really did seem to learn the best in a one on one setting. But for now we wanted to focus on thanksgiving and Molly's birthday. Since Molly's birthday was on a Monday this year she decided to have a weekends similar to Annie's. She wanted a sleepover party with her school and orphanage friends and a special girls day with grace. We are having thanksgiving at our house this year. Grace's sist r Jen and her two kids are flying in the Wednesday before thanksgiving and Melissa he husband and son are coming early Thursday morning. Since I have been orphaned at an early age as I had no other relatives that I knew of it was just going to be Grace's family this year. I couldn't wait to spend my first thanksgiving with a real family. Before then I wouldn't hav thought twice on even celebrating thanksgiving but now I have more than enough to be thankful for this year. The Wednesday before thanksgiving grace Annie Molly and I went to pick up their aunt and cousins from the airport. They were both so excited to see their cousins again since th last time they were together was our wedding over a year ago. We arrived to the airport and Jen and the kids were just getting off th plane. Annie and Molly ran up to their cousins and hugged them. Grace hugged her sister \"I'm so glad you could make it Jen! Thank you for spending thanksgiving with us this year! Do you remember Oliver?\" \"I'm glad I could spend it with your family too and yes I remember Oliver great to see you!\" I shook her hand warmly and led everyone back to the car. We had a nice late lunch and let everyone catch up. Annie of course was chatting away with Kathryn but Molly seemed a bit quiet. Once noticing Annie tried to include her in on the conversation which got her talking about school, her dyslexia and friends. I smiled at the way Annie was trying to get Molly to come out of that shell of hers. I was proud of Annie for that and for Molly for trying to b less shy. We headed back to the mansion and let the kids play outside for s bit before it got dark. Grace Jen and I sat and caught up ourselves. Grace then mentioned Molly's dyslexia and having s tutor and how she wished her parents were here to give her advice. I put an arm around her and let her lean into me. \"Remember grace your parents are smiling down on you and I bet they are so proud of you for being such a wonderful mother to our girls.\" \"You're right Oliver I love you.\" I kissed grace glad she was comforted and could get a little advice from her sister .jen then promised she and Kathryn would help Molly with her and I smiled at were so glad Molly had a wonderful aunt and cousin who were willing to help her too. We had a light dinner and spent some time together in the study before we all headed off to bed early since it would be an early and long day the next day. The next day I was woken up by a very excited 6 year old. \"Mama Daddy wake up! It's thanksgiving!\" Molly was jumping up and down on the it was thanksgiving but when I looked at the clock I noticed it was only 530 in the morning. \"Yes honey it is thanksgiving but it's still very early so why don't you try to sleep for a few more hours Ok?\" \"Ok daddy are the ou still taking us to the parade today?\" At first I wasn't sure which parade she was talking about then I remembered talking about maybe taking the girls to the Macy's Thanksgiving day parade. That must hav been in her mind for a while. I smiled and ruffled her hair. \"Yes we will go to the parade but it's not for a few more hours let's get some all ok?\" At that Molly snuggled in between me and grace and soon fell asleep again at 830 we were awakened by a very excited 12 year old. \"Happy thanksgiving mom daddy and Molly!\" I got up to give Annie a kiss and grace soon got up and hugged her daughters. \"Happy thanksgiving! Let's get some breakfast your aunt uncle and cousins should be arriving soon and we're going to the parade together!\" \"Leapin lizards!\" Annie then took Molly's hand and scramble done the stairs to get breakfast. Grace and I followe after and met everyone in the dining room. After a light breakfast we got ready for the day and Melissa arrived at 11 just an hour before the parade. Everyone was greeted hugged and settled in. We then headed out for the parade to get a god spot. We alol rally did enjoy the parade especially Annie and Molly since it was their first one. \"Oh boy! Look Molly there's Santa!\" Molly jumped up and down trying to get a view of Santa riding down the street on his sleigh. I put Molly up on my shoulders so she could have a better view. She squealed with excitement. Grace and I were glad the girls could really have their first thanksgiving with a real family. After the parade we headed beck to the mansion where the kids played outside and we got dinner ready. Grace really seemed to be enjoying having her sisters her and helping make dinner. I never had a family to help cook with but I really enjoyed helping getting everything together ith grace and her sisters. Dinner was ready at 4. Before eating I made a toast. \"I want to take the time to say how thankful I am to have each and every one of you here for thanksgiving. My family has come such a long way in one year and I am incredibly proud of al of you. Ro another year together happy thanksgiving!\" \"Happy thanksgiving!\" Everyone started eating and talking. It was a great meal and the rest of the evening was spent together playing and catching up and promising to get together for Christmas and New Years. We had an apple pie and cake for Molly's birthday. She was glad she could celebrate with her cousins and this Saturday with her friends. We all headed to bed early since we were all exhausted. The next morning jen Kathryn Jake and Melissa and her family all left. Molly and Annie really enjoyed spending time with their cousins and grace and I were so glad they all got along so well and couldn't wait to spend holidays and summers together. Grace promised the girls that they could visit their cousins in Chicago that summer they were both excited about that. The rest of the day was spent together and setting up for Molly's party the next day. Saturday was spent mostly setting up and waiting for Molly's friends to arrive. She invited 3 girls from school and her orphanage friends. Molly was so excited for them to come and couldn't wait to see her orphanage friends again. Everyone arrived at 4 and grace led the girls upstairs where thy our their stuff-and they all headed outside to play. I was glad we could give both Annie and Molly a great birthday party and they could get anything they wanted. Everyone seemed to be enjoying themselves and this time around Pepper didn't make fun of Molly which grace and I were glad about. After dinner cake and presents the girls went to the movie room to watch movies for the rest of the night. Grace and I went to th study to get some or done. I went to check on Annie and Molly before heading to bed. I went to see Annie first where she was as always reading in bed. \"Goodnight annie I'm glad you had a great thanksgiving and Molly's party.\" \"Thanks for a great thanksgiving I love you and mom so much. Goodnight daddy I love you.\" I gave her a gentle kiss before leaving the room to check on Molly. \"Goodnight Molly I love you happy birthday.\" \"Thank you Daddy I love you thanks for giving us a great thanksgiving and a great birthday weekend fo me.\" \"You're very welcome don't stay up too late talking.\" I kissed Molly then left her to be with her friends. I was glad she was enjoying herself. I then went to our room and got into bed and snuggled up with grace. I kissed her softly and let her sleep in my arms. By the time we knew it we were both peacefully asleep and happy in each other's arms. I'm so glad to have a wife and kids to share the holidays with and couldn't wait for more holidays to come. The next day the girls woke up at930 and met us for breakfast for chocolate chip pancakes. Everyone chattered about all the fun events of yesterday and their plans for the next time they'd get together. Molly's friends left at noon and Annie and Molly went to get ready for their girls day with grace. While they were out I got some rest snd more work done. It was a great weekend for all of us. Annie Molly and grace cake bsck for dinner and cake. Molly really enjoyed her special girls day. They went to the aquarium the movies and ice cream. The rest of the night was spent together as a family before another hectic week of work and school the next day. Both girls didn't object at all when it was time for bed. We were all exhausted and very happy we all slept great that night. Thankful for many many things.[Chapter 9] The rest of November flew by and by the time we knew it was already the last week before Christmas break. Molly seemed to be doing pretty well with her tutoring and school work, but we still wanted what was best for molly and if ho,eschool was the best choice right now then we will have her homeschooled for the time being. Annie was doing great in her classes and she recently won a spelling bee in her class. Grace and I were so proud of both Annie and molly at how had they've been working. At the end of the day on the Friday before Christmas vacation grace and I went to Molly's classroom to meet with miss evans once again. \"Good afternoon mr and mrs warbucks I'm glad we could meet today.\" She shook our hands warmly and guestred for us to sit down . I was the first to talk. \"Well molly does seem to be doing alright with her reading and writing, but we noticed that she still gets frustrated easily.\" Miss Evans shook her head agreeing at my words. \"I have noticed that also. I think molly learns best in a one on one setting. So I think homeschool would be the best thing for her right now. She can come back when she is ready and we will all miss her. She has som pretty good friends, but again this is the best choice for her.\" Grace took her turn to speak. She did not sound happy at all. \"I understand this if the best situation for her right now is homeschooling I can't agree more but I would hate to isolate her.\" I took her hand and squeezed it \"We don't have to isolate her she can have her friends over any time she wants and she can go overan time she is invited she'll be fine.\" \"I guess you're right Oliver thank you miss Evans we really appreciate all this. We will find her th best homeschool teacher she could get!\" \"You're darn tootin' we will'. Thank you miss Evans happy holidays.\" We all got up to leave and shook hands once again. \"Best of luck happy holidays! Call any time for updates.\" Grace and I silently walked back to the car and drove silently to the mansion. We both had so much going on. We were sure molly wasn't going to be too thrilled with the arrangement but if this was the best choice for her right now then I, sure she will agree to it. Grace was silent and I took her hand and kissed it. Once we arrived to the mansion grace suddenly burst into tears as she did on the day we found our molly had dyslexia and right then mrs Pugh followed her up the stairs. I decided to find Annie and ok,y and discuss this with them. I found both of them in th kitchen eating cookies. Mollys eyes lit up when she saw me. \"Hi daddy! Come have a cookie we made them with mrs Pugh!\" I decided to take a cookie and yes it was delicious. \"They're great honey thank you both! Molly can I talk to you for a minute? Annie you can stay.\" \"Am I in trouble daddy? I'm real sorry!\" \"Oh not at all princess I just wanted to talk to you about our meeting with miss Evans today.\" I scooped Molly onto my lap and explained to her about our meeting . \"Well princess we know how much you love school but we think it is best if you are homeschooled for the time being. It's best for you and you Karen better one on one. Molly gave me the reaction I was dreading she would give me. Tears rolled down her cheeks I gently wiped them away. \"Daddy I like school I can learn how to read and wrote just like everyone else and my best friends are in class with me!\" \"I know princess but just think you'll have the teacher all to yourself and you can learn at your very own pace and mommy and I can look in on your lessons and you can invite your friends over any time you want and when you get invited over you are more than welcome to go!\" Molly cheered up a little at this and Annie put in \"Yeah and I can help worth your reading too and I'll play with you after school and when I have my friends over or go over to Jamie's I'll invite you al the time.\" \"Well I guess if I can learn faster with a homeschool teacher and I can see my friends I'm alright with homeschooling I love you daddy.\" I gave both her and Molly a tight hug. I was so proud of Molly for handling this situation. And Annie for being th most caring big sister and including Molly in everything. I let Molly go talk to grace and I went to the study to start looking for homeschool teachers. We decided to keep Molly's tutor as a homeschool teacher since she was very good with dyslexic children. With that all settled we could finally focus on family and Christmas coming up in just a few short days, she would start homeschooling after the break The girls were so excited to celebrate Christmas. And so we're grace and I. This is going to be our first real Christmas as a family and we were glad there will be NO Mudges or FBI agents this year. It'll be an anniversary of both girls adoption. We were so excited to celebrate all the big events coming up. Grace and I wanted to make sure both Annie and Molly got everything they asked for. Graces sisters would be joining us again for Christmas. They were all scheduled to arrive late morning Christmas Eve. Annie and Molly were bouncing around all morning so excited to see their cousins. Jen and her kids arrived just before noon and not a few minutes later Melissa and Chris arrived. Annie and Molly ran up to their cousins and gave them all a big hug. I kissed my niece and nephews and shook hands with Melissa and Jen. \"Merry Christmas everyone! Thank you for joining us for the holidays!\" The kids ran upstairs to play while the adults sat in the study with wine and cocktails. Most of the chat was about family work life and kids. Jen brought up Molly's dyslexia. \"Oh grace how is Molly doing with her reading?\" \"Well she seems to be doing alright in a one on one setting so we decided to homeschool her...\". She then started to cry a little. I wiped her tears gently and kissed her. \"Honey remember this is best for her. We will never isolate her and she will improve so much maybe she can go back in the fall.\" Grace sniffed and kissed me. \"You're right Oliver I love you and Jen and Melissa I am so happy to have the two of you support me! I love you so much.\" \"We love you Gracie Liz we will always be here for you when you need it.\" Melissa and Jen both hugged Grace tightly for a few moments until mrs Pugh said that dinner was ready. Dinner was pretty light because tomorrow we would be having a huge feast. We had ham, potatoes, and bread and butter. Everyone chattered about how excited they were for Christmas and what Santa would bring them. It was a great night spent together and we couldn't wait for the next day. We spent a quiet evening in the study playing cards and chess until it was bedtime. Annie protested and said she wanted to stay up to see santa and she even got Molly and her cousins into it. \"Mom daddy we really want to see Santa!\" Molly got into it too. \"Yeah mama please?!\" \"Sweetie santa won't be here for a very very long time and you will be exhausted tomorrow to open your presents! You all have an exciting day!\" Molly stuck out her lip like she was going to cry, but mad no other comment. So that was settled all the kids went up to bed and we all went up soon after them. Grace and I said goodnight to the girls and went to our room. Before heading to bed grace chuckled, \"Oh Oliver those girls...\" \"I wouldn't agree any more! They wer both so intent on meeting Saints tonight I'm just glad they could enjoy this holiday without being in that horrible orphanage.\" \"I'm so glad we adopted them. Our little rebels. Goodnight Oliver I love you.\" We both snuggled under the covers and soon fell fast asleep. It didn't seem too long when our bed was shaking with two very excited girls shouting. \"It's Christmas its Christmas! Wake up! Santa came!\" Seeing that it was still dark I looked at the clock and groaned at how early it was. It was not even 530am! I scopped both Annie and Molly into my lap. \"Yes it is my darlings but it's very very early why don't we get some sleep.\" I could tell Molly was trying to not be tired but she was yawning and nodding her head off. I pulled Molly in next to me and Annie layed down next to her. In just a few short minutes Annie gave up being not tired and fell asleep herself. Soon we were all snuggled in together and woke up for real at 8am. Annie and Molly were the first to wake up. \"Merry Christmas mom and daddy!\" Molly gave grace and I a hug. \"Merry Christmas mama and daddy! I went to see what Santa brought us!\" \"Merry Christmas darlings daddy and I love you.\" I scooped both Annie and Molly up. \"Merry Christmas! I love you all lets go see what Santa brought you!\" At that they both scrambled from my arms and ran down th stairs where they were soon met with their cousins Melissa and Jen. I wished them all merry Christmas and let the kids open their presents. They each got tons of games toys, doll houses, books, coloring books, paint sets. Some clothes and the biggest gift of all was a bike for each of them! Annie's was red and Molly's was pink. Annie squealed with excitement. \"Leapin lizards my own bike! Even one for Molly too! Thanks mom and daddy!\" Molly jumped up to hug us. \"I love my new bike mama and daddy thank you! Can you teach me and Annie hoe to ride?\" I chuckled and ruffled her hair. \"Of course I will teach both of you how to ride your bikes we can do that after breakfast. I think we're done with opening presents so let's eat!\" Everyone scrambled to the dining room for a huge breakfast of pancakes, ,sausages and many more. Everyone chattered away about their new Christmas presents and all the fun they'll have with their new toys. Grace and I were so glad Annie and Molly enjoyed everything they got and could finally have the best Christmas they could ask for. Right after breakfast everyone got ready and went outside to teach the girls how to ride their bikes. Annie picked up in a matter of minutes and soon she was racing up and down the driveway. Molly wasn't too far behind and didn't even fall over once. By the end of the morning Annie and Molly were both racing up and down the driveway and even got their cousins involved. I couldn't h lol but smile at how much fun they were all having together and felt Grace lean into me. I put an arm around her. \" I'm so glad the girls love their presents especially their bikes. I love you grace merry Christmas.\" \"Merry Christmas Oliver I love you.\" Grace kissed me and the kiss started to get deeper but then we stopped knowing that there were young eyes among us. The rest of th day was spent playing with new toys, talking and enjoying time together as a family. Before dinner I nested to make a toast. \"Before we eat I would like to make a toast. This time last year we were just adopting Annie and Molly and I want to take the time to say how proud I a, of my daughters and how far along they've come since arriving here. I am so happy to have my whole family with us celebrating this wonderful holiday together. Merry Christmas!\" \"Merry Christmas!\" Everyone raised their glasses in toast, then we all began to eat a wonderful meal of turkey, potatoes, vegetables and many many other things. We all talked and laughed and promised to have a holiday get together every year. Dessert was pie cookies and ice cream. We all enjoyed a quite evening together and headed to bed early. I went to check on the girls before heading to be myself. I went to check on Annie first. \"Merry Christmas Annie I love you.\" \"I love you daddy Warbucks thank you for adopting me and Molly.\" \"You're very welcome sweetheart. Mom and I both love you two very much.\" I kissed Annie before tucking her in and watching her drift off. I gently shut her door and went to Molly's room, where she was just about to go to sleep. \"Merry Christmas princess I love you.\" \"Goodnight daddy I love you merry Christmas.\" I tucked my youngest daughter in and she quickly drifted off to sleep. I gently left her room and went to our room to get ready for bed. Grace was already asleep I smiled at how peaceful she looked. I climbed into bed and pulled her into me and whispered \"Merry Christmas Grace I love you and the girls more than anything.\" Grace smiled in her sleep and snuggled into me. We fell into s peaceful sleep. I was so glad the girls had such a great first Christmas and couldn't wait for many more holidays like these to come. I finally had a family of my own forever and always and I couldn't wait to see what the next year would bring.[Chapter 10] Towards the end of January and info February I have noticed grace was getting sick a lot and resting more frequently than usual. Thinking it was just s cold or flu I let her have s few days off to rest, she did start to get a little better but still continued to throw up in the early mornings. I advised her to see the docto as soon as possible. Not wanting to worry the girls we decided not to tell the nothing just yet. on Valentine's Day grace and I were getting some work done when the girls were at school when suddenly she got my attention. \"oh Oliver do you remember how I went to the doctor a few days ago?\" \"yes are you alright?\" \"I'm more than alright Oliver I'm pregnant!\" i couldn't believe what I was hearing. My beautiful wife was pregnant with my child! I leaped out of my seat and pulled her into a tight hug. I couldn't be any more excited and couldn't wait to tell the girls at dinner that night. \"oh Grace that's wonderful news! When are you due?\" \"the end of September early October let's surprise the girls tonight!\" i kissed her one las time then I noticed a worried look come affords her face. \"everything ok grace?\" \"oh Oliver I'm excited and I know Annie will be over the moon excited but ther s Molly. You know how little she is and her tendency to cling to me. I love her dearly but I want her to know what when thshe baby comes she has to share me and she has to learn to be the big girl now.\" \"They'll be fine Molly will learn to deal with a new baby and I'm sure Annie will eat her into the excitement let's just focus in teeeling them the news now ok?\" I let grace have the rest of the afternoon off and I got whatever work was done for the day on my own. When we picked the girls up from school Annie could tell that we had a surprise for them. Evenmolly coukd tell that we had a surprise too. \"mama are you getting us a pony?\" grace chuckled and ruffled Molly's hair. \"no baby not a pony but I think both of you will be thrilled with the news!\" that night after dinner we had cake as a special treat. Just when we were finishing the cake Grace made her big announcement. \"girls remember how I was sick for a few weeks and I went to the doctor a few days ago?\" annie got a worried her face \"yeah mom what's wrong are you really sick?\" \"actually I'm fine. Girls I'm having a baby! You're going to be big sisters!\" annie immediately jumped out of her seat almost knocking it over and ran over to Grace and hugged her. \"leapin lizards a baby?! Hen is it due? I want a sister! Oh big a baby!\" grace and I love dhow excited Annie was but we then noticed Molly sitting at her place looking as if she might cry. Grace pulled Molly into her lap and spoke to her gently. \"what's wrong baby? Aren't you excited to be a big sister?\" \"well I guess but I don't want you and daddy to forget about Annie and me when the baby is born.\" \"Molly Jane I want you to understand right now that dads and I love you and Annie very very much and we are never ever going to forget you or love you any less than the baby that we are going to have ok?\" at that Molly Bethany to cry into graces chest. Grace looked at me and her face read that she knew this was going to happen. My heart jus about broke for Molly. Both of us wanted Annie and Molly to know that we will love them just the same even if they're adopted and this baby is ours. We hoped Molly would understand soon. That night after tucking Annie in I decided to talk to Molly a bit about the baby. \"Molly I want to talk to you for a minute ok?\" \"ok daddy.\" \"I want you to know that your mommy and I love you and Annie just the same as we will love the baby that is ours ok? You will never be forgotten I love you very much. Sweet dreams baby girl.\" \"ok daddy I love you goodnight.\" i gently kissed Molly Andy left the room. I hoped she wouldn't get more jealous or clingy as Grace got further into her pregnancy. We would just have to hope for the best. the next few weeks were hectic and a bit stressful. Molly was indeed clinging to Grace more and more as the weeks passed and even made a point to sleep in bed with us. Grace loved Molly but we both knew it was time for Molly to realize that she is a big girl now and can't always cling to Grace all the time. At the end of February I overheard Grace talking with her sister. \"Grace what was that all about!\" \"I was talking to my sister. She thinks a special one on one day with Annie and milky would help Molly get over her jealousnesd of the baby.\" \"that's a wonderful idea I really hope this helps.\" the nect Saturday Grace had her one on one time with Annie. She had no trouble at all understanding that Grace needs to be shared with the baby but we thought it'd be nice to have it with both the girls. They went to the aquarium then dinner and ice cream. Sunday was Molly's turn where she get went to the toy store and lunch. After their special day it seemed to be working a little on Molly and she was less clingy and only had one or two bad dreams. Even Annie got her into the xcitement and talked about all the fun things they could do with the baby when she got older. Molly was getting more and more excited.i was proud of Annie for being so helpful and Molly for beginning to understand that her parents need to be shared with other people. at the beginning of march Grace and I met with Molly's teacher to discuss her progress and further homeschool options. Miss Evans greeted us warmly as usual. \"good afternoon mr and mrs Warbucks I see that Molly has come a long way with her dyslexia and has improved very much. Her homeschool teacher and I think she is ready to come back to school in the fall.\" Grace and I practically jumped out of our seats at once. We were so gladly Molly was able to go back to school! I hugged miss Evans and thanked her, so did Grace. \"that is wonderful news! Molly will be thrilled to hear this! Thank you miss Evans.\" this time around the csr ride was much more cheerful than the last few at the beginning of the year. When we arrived back to the mansion I let Grace share the wonderful news with Molly. I went to start on work when a few minutes later a very excited 7 year old bounded into my study. \"daddy daddy guess what? I can go back to school in the fall!\" i scooped Molly up and gave her a tight hug. \"yes you can Mommy Annie and I are very proud of you and all the hard work you have accomplished this year I love you Molly.\" \"I love you daddy I can't wait to see my friends and teachers again!\" We were all so happy with the great news and were so proud of all the hard work Molly has been doing. As a treat we let her get a kitten of her very own and Molly was over the moon excited. The nect dayGrace and Molly went to pick out the kitten and came back with a sweet blac and white cat named Oreo. That night I tucked Molly and Oreo into bed. \"goodnight Molly were glad you like your new kitten\" \"Yeah daddy he's cute thank you and mommy for letting me get him! I love you very much\" i kissed Molly goodnight and gave Oreo a gentle pat before leaving the room. I then went to Annie's room and found her fast asleep. I gently kissed her and pulled the covers up around her then went to Grace and I'd room where grace was just getting ready for bed. \"I'm so proud of Molly she overcame her dyslexia and she's learning to become a big sister.\" my wife leaned into me. \"I am too I think that special one on one date helped a lot she's starting to ask what the baby will be and what babies do. I'm so proud of her Oliver her and Annie both.\" I couldn't agree any more and pulled Hrace into me and we fell into a deep peaceful sleep and I wrapped my arms around Grace's stomach where our baby is. I couldn't wait to meet this new little one and all the fun wines we'll have together as a family of five.[Chapter 11] A/N hey everyone here's chapter 11 and one more chapter to go for When Oliver Met Annie! School will be starting in a few weeks so not sure how much time I'd have for writing but they'll be a sequel based on Annie's college experience! Enjoy! Thw next few months have been busy with getting ready for the baby. Grace has been getting bigger and even more beautiful as the months wore on. I've been letting her have as many naps and breaks as she needed and did most of the work myself but I didn't mind I loved Grace and wanted her to rest all she could before the baby and Molly were both so excited to meet their new sibling! Molly was less clingy to Grace but still had a few nightmares here and there but after a few hugs, snuggles and reassurances she was fine. Grace and I were glad to see the special girls date Grace had with them seemed to be working well. One night when we were tucking Molly into bed she asked The Big Question. \"mama daddy how are babies made?\" gracr and I couldn't believe Molly was starting to ask this question and Grace was at a loss for words so I decided to take over and explain. \"well honey when a mommy and daddy get married and they love each other very much they went to start a family so they do this very very special hug that only mommies and daddies can do and s little egg forms in the mommy tummy which grows into a tiny little baby.\" molly seemed satisfied by my explanation. \"wow well I'm glad you and mommy love each other and made me and Annie a new baby sibling! Goodnight daddy and mama I love you.\" grace gently kissed Molly and I did the same then left the room to go check on Annie and head to bed ourselves. In late May Annie Molly and Grace went shopping for the baby. Molly was even excited to pick out a theme for the baby. Since we wanted to be surprised on a gender we decided to make the room gender natural. The theme would be a zoo theme because the girls loved going to the zoo and couldn't wait to take the baby when they got older. After getting work done I went upstairs to see how the room was coming along, it looked to me like they were discussing baby names. Annie immediately jumped up when she saw me. \"hi daddy! We were discussing baby names. We decided on Margret Sarah for a girl after our birth moms and David James after our birth dads.\" \"I love the idea. The room looks wonderful girls I think the baby will really enjoy it.\" Molly jumped into my arms \"Thanks daddy I helped pick it out! I love the zoo and I want to show the baby the zoo when they get older!\" \"that's a great idea honey you two will make the best big sisters ever!\" Grace and I were so touched that Annie and Molly wanted to honor their birth parents in their new sibling. We loved the idea and were so proud of Annie and Molly for being such great big sisters and couldn't edit for them to help care for their new sibling. We decided to have another family trip in august but in long branch New Jersey so we'd be closer to home if the baby ever made a guest appearance. the rest of the summer was spent together as s family. Annie and Molly had plenty of play dates and sleepovers to go around. We enjoyed a family and friend BBQ for the 4th of July and by the time we knew it it was august and time to start getting ready for school and vacation. This time around there were no nerves or tears Annie and Molly were so excited to get back to school friends and teachers, especially Molly. We did the same routine as last year school shopping the week before our trip then packed for our week long vacation. Annie and Molly loved the beach and couldn't wait to go to the beach at Long Branch. It was another early start of the trip to beat traffic. Annie was energetic as ever but Molly still wanted to sleep. We arrived around 10pm so we had the whole day to spend at the beach. The girls had a blast in th ocean and Grace and I sat on our towels watching them have fun. \"think of i Grace in just one year we'll have 3 kids splashing in the water!\" \"I know I can't wait to have a third child to love and take on family adventures!\" i kissed my wife and pulled her into me while she took a short nap. After a day at the beach we headed off to the boardwalks where we got dinner shopped and even went on a ferries wheel. Molly was a bit scared at first but Grace reassured her \"you'll be fine honey you won't fall I promise.\" as soon as Molly got on her fears were washed away and she enjoyed every moment of it and so did Annie. the next few days were spent on the beach, shopping, some amusement park rides eating and just enjoying time together as a family. One night just 3 days after arriving Grace suddenly woke me up at 530am. \"Oliver the baby is coming...\" i couldn't believe what I was hearing t the baby wasn't due for another month! \"The baby isn't due for another month.\" \"Well it's coming now I need a bag please.\" at that I quickly got dressed and got a bag for Grace. I then gently helped her out of bed and into some shoes. Before heading to the hospital I scribbled down a note for Annie and Molly to wait inside for us in the morning and the baby was coming. By the time we arrived to the hospital Grace was just about ready to push. \"oh Oliver it hurts so much I can't.\" \"Just a few more pushes honey you can do it! I love you.\" i squeezed my wife's hand as she screamed and pushed and suddenly there was a tiny little cry! The baby was born! \"Congratulations mr and mrs warbucks you have a healthy little girl.\" The doctor smiled warmly handing the gently wrapped baby to Grace. A girl! I have three little girls of my very own! And she was beautiful I couldn't take my eyes off that sweet little face. \"she's perfect grace just like her mommy! Margret Sarah?\" \"I love you Oliver and Margret Sarah warbucks.\" i kissed Grace and the baby and went to get the girls to come meet their new sister. As soon as I walked in the door I was met by two very excited little girls. Annie jumped up first. \"the baby came! Is it a girl? Oh boy oh boy!\" \"yes Annie it's a girl! Margret Sarah!\" Mo,y jumped into my arms \"can I meet Margret? I can't wait to see her!\" \"yes we can go see her and mommy right now!\" we all scrambled to the car and headed backwards to the hospital where of course Annie ran full speed ahead into Grace's room. When Molly and I arrived Molly became a little bit shy and hung back at my side. I gave her a gentl shove \"\"There nothing to be afraid of go on see your new sister!\" Molly sat on one side of Grace and Annie on the other. They were both in awe at how tiny little Margret was. Annie even held her and Grace gently let Molly hold her. She was a bit awkward but Grace helped her hold her sister. Molly then planted a kiss on margrets nose and whispered. \"I love you Margret.\" Grace and I were so touched by this and were so glad Annie and Molly loved their new sister so much. We decided to end our vacation a few days early so we could get the baby home. At this I joked to Grace \"we'll have quite the story to tell her when she's older how she made a surprise appearance on our family vacation.\" Grace laughed in agreement. We couldn't wait to get home to show off the baby to the rest of the staff. Everyone was in complete awe of the baby and at last we got everyone into bed. I cuddled up with Grace and fell asleep. Now I had a perfect little family of my own and couldn't wait to see what more memories were in store for us and I couldn't Wait to see Margret grow. Really if I hadn't met Annie none of this would of happened and I regret nothing! -the end. Long Branch New Jersey is a beach town I went to s few weeks ago.[Chapter 12] A/N here it is! My last chapter to When Oliver Met Annie! I had so much fun writing this and can't wait to do a sequel! Coming up is a Sound of Music fanfic with the preimire coming in a few weeks! Enjoy chapter 12! I couldn't believe it was Annie's senior year already. My sweet energetic little girl is going to be a freshman in college this fall and I couldn't be more happier and more proud. Annie is going to the Rochester Insititue of Technology fo interpreting. She wants to study sign language and be a teacher or interpreter for the deaf. We love what she's doing and Grace her sisters and I are all so proud of her. Molly will be entering her sophomore year of high school. She has came such a long way with her dyslexia and now she says one of the top students of her class! I am forever amazed and proud of my sweet caring little Molly for all she's accomplished. She's even gotten into singing and acting and just received the role f Lidel Von Trapp in her high schools production of The Sound of Music. Maggie is the sweetest6 year old and I love my youngest daughter to pieces. She looks up so much to Annie and Molly and they are so close and always together. I love my three daughters and couldn't be any more proud of all of them.i couldn't help but to think how fast Annie was growing up and I wanted to spend as much time with her as possible. Grace had the exact same thing on her mind as she mentioned to me the night before Annie's graduation with tears in her eyes. \"oh Olivier my little girl is growing up so fast! Her graduation is tomorrow and we only have a short summer to spend with her. Oh I can't help but miss her already!\" i gave my wife a hug and squeeze s her hand. \"I've been thinking the same thing our Annie is growing up way too fast. But she's only a few hours away and she can come home any time she wants and she'll be back for breaks and holidays.\" Grace seemed to be comforted by this and kissed me gently. \"You're right and we have s full summer ahead of us! Oh Molly and Maggie were asking if they could visit Annie at her dorm once she's settled in and Maggie wants to learn to \"speak with her hands\" as she puts it.\" \"That's a wonderful idea Grace I'm sure Annie would love to have her sisters come for a visit and teach them sign language.\" Grace kissed me one last time before heading to bed. I decided to check on Annie first before retiring myself. I found her in bed as usual reading. \"Hi daddy!\" \"Hi baby look who's graduating tomorrow! Your mom and I are so proud of you and can't wait to see what's in store for you text!\" \"me too I'm gonna miss you guys so much but you're in,y a few hours away.\" knowing Grace probably already had this talk with her I gave her a gentle kiss good night. Before lambing the room she added \"Oh daddy would it be ok if Molly and Maggie send a weekend with me at my dorm once I get settled?\" \"thats a wonderful idea honey and we have the whole summer to spend together! Try to get some sleep we have a big day tomorrow! \" I closed Annie's door and headed to myself smiling and excited for the next day and summer to come. the graduation ceremony was absolutely beautiful and when Annie said name was called we were probably the loudest ones cheering her on! Grace had tears of happiness in her eyes and I couldn't hold back my tears any longer. When Annie found us we gave her hugs kisses and flowers. As soon as the ceremony ended we had a huge graduation party for Annie at our house with all her cousins, aunts, uncles school and orphanage friends. It was the best party we've ever had and we wanted to make it special. Everyone had a wonderful time and when everyone was leaving Grace suddenly summon s me over to her. \"I heard the girls having a little heart to heart earlier I just love what a caring big sister Annie is to them and they're going to miss her so much but she promised to keep in touch and have them over for a sleepover.\" My heart melted st this. I loved how close all my girls were and it would be weird not having her around all the time anymore but Molly and Maggie would still have each other. I loved how Annie wanted to keep in touch with her sisters. I gave Grace a hug and went to say goodbye to the last few guests. the rest of the summer was a spromised spent together as s family. We went on a few beach trips Annie had friends over and her and Grace went shopping for her dorm room. We had the most amazing summer together and were sad to have august come around too soon and we had to bring Annie up to RIT to set up her room and say goodbye. We spent the whole day setting up Annie's room and met her roommate Cheryl who was Deaf and from Boston. They really seemed to hit it off pretty well after first meeting. Soon it was time for us to go. I hugged Annie first \"see you soon baby woke hard and have fun I love you!\" Grace gave her a tearful hug nect and Annie couldn't hold back the tears any longer. Then she scoops up Maggie and held her and Molly tightly. Then she whispered to them. \"I'll miss you girls so much but remember what I promised! Well keep in touch and as soon a second I get settled I'll have you two over for a sleepover!\" maggies eyes lit up at this. \"and you'll teach me to talk with my hands?\" \"yes I'll teach both of you all the cool signs I learn!\" Annie hugged her sisters one last time and led us out the door. It was amazing how Annie was growing up right in the very front of my eyes and I was so proud of her and I couldn't wait to hear about the rest of her college journey. If I hadn't met Annie all those years ago I wouldn't have been this lucky with three beautiful daughters and the most perfect wife a man could ever ask for. The end! Note: RIT or any kind of interpreting programs didn't even exist before the 1980s and the sound of Music didn't even hit the broadway stage until th 50s but I thought I'd be cool having Annie as an interpreter and Molly in the sound of music! ","Summary":" I remember the first time I met Annie. She was like a daughter to me from the start. At first I had"},{"Movie":"A Clockwork Orange","Title":"Irresponsibly Good","Author":"ZeWaz","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8701164","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hallo, this is my first story on this website and… uh, I apologize in advance if it sucks, but I had a bit of fun writing this chapter… Clockwork Orange doesn't belong to me… yeah. Enjoy! She caught a flash of the last retreating leather-clad bugger. Webs of blood dripping down her body, not entirely her own blood, had stained her clothes. Tired green eyes lazily shifted towards the would-be victim, who was currently in a sobbing heap on the muddy, wet tiles of the street. She sighed. \"Calm yourself, now.\" She soothed, hastily rubbing fluids from her palms before extending a hand to rub the other girl's shoulder. Though she had meant to be gentle, nothing about her manner even faintly resembled the word. Her tone cracked and retreated quickly into a low growl with her phrasing, and her touch was papery and rough save a few wet spots that she had failed to remove. The girl, nonetheless, seemed to appreciate the gesture and calmed as she was told. Ira muttered inaudibly to her self as the girl sniffled. These boys, these 'malchicks' were becoming really, really too much to handle. Her parents already detested her own late-night crusades as it was, and though she admittedly never actually came out with the notion to 'rescue' people, it seemed to be the only thing she was doing lately. Hell, if she wasn't being occupied or suckered into rescuing other wretches, she was busy rescuing herself . She winced at last Saturday's near-death experience, idly rubbing a thumb over her switchblade both in thanksgiving for the save and in an instinctual act of security. \"M-M-mm…Miss…\" the poor thing croaked, \"Th-thank… Thanks…\" Her eyes were swollen and red with tears as she wailed yet again. So broken up, Ira mused privately, you would have thought that she had arrived too late, or something- Ira rolled her head back and gave a highly agitated-sounding sigh. \"Well, get on home then. It's unlikely you'll be visited by a second angel of mercy if you're caught again, so please,\" She creased an eyebrow to communicate the sincerity of her message to the young woman, \"if you may, RUN, don't walk.\" The girl didn't need her to say it twice. She was up in a split second and took to the now better-lit streets like a shot, hair flying and heels clicking. Ira spun on her heel and grudgingly decided to return home after a now ruined evening. To match all the others I've been having. She thought bitterly. She wasn't entirely sure why she even bothered stopping these people anymore. She was a scarecrow in a swarm of evil, greedy little bastards who were more numerous in their flocks in recent times but no less evolved. A smile tugged at the last few words; Tim and Shelley would have been chuckling along with her if they didn't have the luxury of living in their own establishment. Alas, Ira was only an employee. Though the two of them always treated her like family, and even invited her to stay the night, Ira had parents to return to. She would most likely be reprimanded the moment she walked in through the door, of course. Life had been strange to her; One moment she's a pacifist, and the next she suddenly cares to save strangers with a damn blade she swiped- no, ACCEPTED, from a classmate only a week ago. A present in return for loyalty. Well shit, she hadn't gotten back to her on that, had she? Ira rubbed her elbows from the cold as she struggled to recollect her last meeting with Ludmilla. That wasn't her real name, everyone knew that, but she nor anyone else ever seemed to catch her real one. A solid fact about Ludmilla was that she and her band of vicious ladies liked to go on romps round the more questionable parts of town (which unfortunately was everywhere, as far as Ira was concerned) committing petty crimes and experimenting with all the latest laced drinks. She had even invited Ira to accompany her and her 'droogs' to that odd-ball hangout at the Korova Milkbar, but she had politely refused. Before she was under Tim's employment, she had taken the advice from a particularly shady source to try for some employment there; no sooner had she walked in did she turn around and walk right back out. Between the bizarre décor and seedy looking, almost rabid creatures that lurked and lounged within like wild beasts on coffee break, she figured it might not be the safest place to work. She sighed for the umpteenth time that night. How did she find herself like this? She had finally managed to be a 'good' girl. No, she hadn't been running around doing God-knows-what like her more troubled classmates, but she had been undeniably irresponsible. She had carelessly worried her parents on more than one occasion, she cried over the silliest things and turned a blind eye when those silly things concerned others, and of course she hadn't made the greatest effort in school, which would be enough to make the average parent unhappy. She had finally started over in a new setting, became a different person, tried to be more responsible; now here she was accepting a knife, obtained by the gift-er by unknown means to the gift-ee. A gift-er who was in, no, ran a band of female ruffians. Ludmilla had seen her fight before, she gathered, or maybe she just saw that… kind… brand of violent, violent thing in her. She admitted to playing strong and silent, but God help her if she actually laid a finger on anyone outside of defensive means. She was so incredibly frustrated. A bong of a distant clock drew her back to her current irresponsibility, albeit brought on by a form of responsibility (had the girl made it home?) but that did little to comfort her. Her explanation would fall on deaf ears. Hopefully, she would at least be able to get it over with the minute she stepped over the threshold instead of a lengthy morning confrontation. The only sound Ira heard as she huffed and braved the streets in her work clothes was the petite clicks of her heels, shoulders flopping back and forth and hair whipping all the way. Mum will understand. Mum will understand. She lied to herself, Mum will- A sharp cough and a groan broke her running streak as her attention snapped to a particularly sinister looking alley. A black moving form lay there unmoving, at least at a distance. She moved to continue. No sooner had she jogged a few steps, her conscience coaxed her (again) into checking up on whatever creature lay moaning for help in the alley. She muttered a streak of obscenities. To hell with her little 'hobby,' people had to save themselves every now and then, didn't they? Her immediate apprehension dulled as she inched closer to the person lying on the puddle riddled ground. Telling by size, they were definitely male. A veined hand crept sluggishly towards her foot, revealing scratches and cuts and bruises on every inch as the rest of his body emerged from the darkness cast on him by nearby trash cans. She hovered over him uncertainly, scanning over his features. A messy dark brown head of hair fell face first into a puddle, startling her enough to make her take a step back. She could hear a low growl as she saw him lift his head and bring a hand clasping a hat (accented by a set of peculiar green goggles, she noted) to his face. He rubbed the fabric against his face in motion that may have been rough if he hadn't been so weakened. He suddenly snapped his attention to Ira, causing her to flinch at a pair of wild eyes that glared upwards at her from underneath an unkempt mane. She lamely held up both hands to prove her innocent of violent thoughts. The man was indeed a boy, and under closer inspection, namely the observance of the manner in which he spit at the ground for enacting gravity, she recognized him as one of the troubled hooligans of the city. What was his name? She recognized his way of dress, but no name came to mind- no wait- Billy Bob? Bill? \"Billy… uhm… boy?\" She thought aloud. The wounded animal grimaced for some unclear reason, perhaps her hesitation displeased him. Either way, she was over her initial confusion and thought to herself none too kindly that perhaps she should leave him here. Just run- no, calmly walk away- Leave him to… \"Let's get you to a hospital, then.\" She heard her self say. She should have known she couldn't leave him lying there, it was probably his own damn fault anyway, she should think of how many lives she could possibly be saving by leaving this filth to die. Even more so, she should think about her parents. Her Mum would be especially furious. Nevertheless, she made a move to lift 'Billy Boy' by the arm, all scorning and opposed voices within her giving up the argument. He snarled and caused her to jump back, swatting at her when she reattempted to assist him. \"Sodding devotchka…\" he growled, lowering his gaze. He tried to stand and failed miserably as he collapsed against the brick wall of the alley. Ira shrugged and turned to go home, quietly thankful that he was resistant. His groans grew dimmer as the distance between them increased until she heard a pause, and then a fairly loud and hoarse \"WAIT.\" She almost cried. So close. \"Not the hospital.\" He said softly. He nearly sounded like he was pleading, but then added more firmly, \"My place.\" She turned to him slothfully and cocked an eyebrow. \"You're in no position to be dictating anything.\" His eyes widened in sync with his mouth at her words. After a few short moments of disbelief, he growled \"You-you fucking...!\" \"It's truly awful to hear you drop that lovely teen speak of yours.\" She interrupted with a short burst of bravery. The feeling was akin to taunting a tiger who had its paw caught in a trap, \"You turned down my assistance. I won't trouble you any further.\" She nodded curtly and turned to leave. An amused grin broke in the darkness as she turned away, and a sinister set of blue glazzies shifted its attention to the unfortunate 'gentleman.' She cringed at the sudden sound of kicks and moans, and quickened her pace. Her explanation for her mum was growing a sentence longer with each step she took. Well, you made it. Or maybe you skipped to the end because it was so boring. Who knows, it might get better. Er, I wasn't entirely sure if Billy Boy subscribed to Nadstat, but as you can see… I kind of made him speak Nadstat. I apologize if he doesn't, but from his rather limited dialogue in the movie and my less plentiful knowledge of the book it was something of a confusing decision.[Chapter 2] Oh geez, here comes the nadstat. Hopefully it's not too unbearably bad, but I'll try to improve regardless. demonbarber14, I certainly intend to make Ira a 'tough' character, but hopefully realistically so; I'm glad you find her interesting, however! And Miroheen, This was one of those times where I got tired of waiting and made one myself; I hope I can live up to your expectations and not let you down too quickly. XD wellllll here we go! The meeting with her mother had gone just about the way she expected it. Glares, tongue-lashings, and disappointed sweeps of the head in directions concealed to her vision, these were the staples of the usual spat between Ira and her mother. Or at least, if that was what you wanted to call them- More often than not, she would simply adopt a behavior of 'don't speak unless spoken to,' mumbling back only when a cool demand was uttered towards her between long twisting lectures. This was not to say that she didn't fully accept the verbal punishment. Coming home at this hour, and fairly cut up and bruised, no less, was a gigantic offense and basis for discipline. However, she often found herself wishing that the argument could end as soon as possible and allow her to immediately set to work redeeming herself. She was thoroughly tired of disappointing everyone, but such redemptions were far and few on her part. It was a feeling comparable to when one is busily planting fragile foxglove seeds, only to have some greedy rodent dig them up and leave you with no real explanation to give those who were so eagerly expecting them. \"I thought I told you, Ira, nine o'clock and no later than that- It's as if you're consciously trying to give me a heart attack! I almost called the police! Do you even know what time it is?!\" She yipped, \"Shall I lend you your father's watch?\" Ira stared into her blankly through her dark tufts, fighting off an inner voice. They were going to soil her! It screamed, Leave her for dead! I thought I was raised to intervene when faced with things like that. \"Eleven-Thirty,\" she sighed finally. Now, her mother was a reasonable woman, and also not stupid. Her rigid expression relaxed upon seeing the utter resignation in her daughter's eyes, but only a smidge, retaining an expectant and slightly confrontational edge. \"Look Mum, I'm sorry. \" She pleaded, breaking her previous monotone, \"I really am. But…\" She was silenced with a stare that could laser ice. The pepper-haired woman paused, drew in a great deal of air, and released it in one hot breath, eyes never leaving her daughter. \"Just go and get yourself to bed.\" She ordered, waving her hand dismissively. Ira edged cautiously towards the hall and only froze when she added sternly, \"This will not happen again.\" The girl was thankful to get away with that much and did not bother to affirm or agree with this last bit. She rushed hurriedly into the hall and out of the scrutinizing gaze of her parent. Her room was terribly plain looking to the average person, rescued only by the presence of some bunting. Under closer inspection, a small artificial Christmas tree lit one corner. She had refused to put it away for ages much to the displeasure (and confusion) of her parents. She heaved a sigh and plopped onto the bed. The coarse fabric of her work uniform came up and over her arms, only to be interrupted with a horrible stabbing sensation, causing her to clutch her side and roll painfully off of the bed's edge. Her ears briefly caught the sound of the object hitting the floor with a frantic clacking noise. \"Bloody hell!\" She murmured exasperatedly, immediately scanning the floor to see where exactly the object had clattered off to. Her expression darkened considerably upon realizing that it had been Ludmilla's switchblade. She quickly snatched it in her slender fingers only to hurl it at the wall again. Frustrated and tired out of her mind, it wasn't long before she slid down and fell asleep directly on the floor. … A malevolent creature plodded home, smirking and still quite giddy about the night's success. Street lamps cast over him in lazy orange stripes as he passed through the nightscape of the city, bowler hat tipped close to his nose, obscuring all features except for his piercing blue eyes. If one had been unfortunate enough to be close, but smart enough to hide, they might have been able to see the small reddish specks adorning his all white attire. Yes, it had been a horrorshow night indeed; and the ending was somewhat humorous and quite unprecedented. The devotchka seemed like a creature in her own right, with pin straight hair just above her shoulders and peculiar wavy tufts above her eyes that seemed like they didn't really belong there at all. For a moment, he thought he was going to be quite bolnoy if she really did take that steaming piece of cal to the hospital, and maybe even have to give her a surprise. He wasn't entirely sure if he had really viddied such a veshch like that in all his jeezny. But it was lovely to see that bolshy sod get what was coming to him. He looked down at his boots, still shining with unidentified fluids, and grinned, And little more of what he deserved. Whistling what would be an otherwise harmless tune, his mind wandered to veshches of far more pressing importance as he disappeared into the shadows of the apartment building. … The next day offered little refuge from the night's events. The school buzzed faintly with the latest gossip, how Ira had come in with cuts and scratches all over her body. Maybe it was her father, or maybe her mother, or perhaps… and this was the one that bothered her most… perhaps she had finally accepted the offer from Ludmilla and her lot, resulting in some sort of twisted initiation. Regardless, things quieted and life continued as usual. Drab surroundings, coupled with nosey teenagers. She could only continue in her usual resigned manner and ignore those who had no personal ties with her. Yes, things started going a little more smoothly. That was until she crossed paths with the sly she-devil and her cronies. \"Ira!\" Her walking picked up dramatically. The obnoxious blonde cut in front of her, blocking the way. The tufted teen sighed as Ludmilla caught her shoulder in a friendly gesture usually given when someone was going to get their arse handed to them. However, she seemed genuinely pleased to see Ira, and doubly pleased upon examining the bits of damage on her cheek. \"Ho Ho, so you were in a good old drat again, eh?\" Ludmilla chuckled loudly, \"It must have been horrorshow, from the looks of ya!\" \"Indeed.\" Ira breathed, \" Horrorshow.\" \"I knew it,\" the blonde waggled her finger, \"I knew you had it in you. So if you're not particularly busy this nochy-\" \"I have work, Ludmilla.\" She responded curtly, \"REAL work. Tim and Shelley need-\" \"Oh come on, it'll be a great raz. It's not…\" the young gang girl thought for a moment, choosing her words carefully. She then proceeded to squeeze the words out in an almost painful fashion, \"It's not all about the bitv- I mean, fights. Besides, you can't possibly be the only employee they've got. The girls will get along with you real dobby, right girls?\" Looking over her shoulder, Ira could see two other girls who had been standing idly up until this point and were now nodding their heads with little interest in Ira, if any at all. She drew her attention back to Ludmilla. \"No.\" she affirmed. She started to continue past the lot of them when she caught a particularly eerie smile forming on Ludmilla's face. \"I messeled as much. I didn't want to bring this up, Ira, but…\" She grinned widely, \"I heard that there was some very, very merzky lubbilubbing last nochy between you and Billy Boy. It might break your em's poor heart, should I govoreet to her about it.\" Confusion briefly rippled across Ira's face, taking in the ridiculous sound of the nadstat and trying to wrench some meaning out of it. \"What on earth is that supposed to mea…\" All it took was one vulgar hand gesture from the other two girls to make her understand. Her face flushed deep crimson and assumed a downright indignant disposition. \"You can tell her whatever you like. She'd never have any reason to believe the likes of you.\" She almost shouted, \"Whatever any of those low life gits told you about me is a complete lie, anyhow, and I will absolutely not-!\" \"Oh, she wouldn't?\" Ludmilla retorted, \"Malenky Ira… You have a whole bunch of secrets. You're gloopy to have let anyone know, and far gloopier to think I wouldn't use them. Or perhaps, you'd like me to share with more than just your em?\" Secrets? Ooohhh… That damn ex of hers. The threat lingered in the air, even catching the interest of the two other girls and some onlookers. \"What the hell do you want…\" she growled back finally, a strong note of defeat in her voice. \"Just one nochy, that's all.\" The victor grinned sweetly. She strode closer, until they were only about an inch apart, \"Be at the corner tonight. You know which one.\" With that, the blonde strode away with her attendants in tow. And Ira was left wondering how this ever happened. Okay okay, I promise something more exciting will happen next chapter. And Alex will be written a little better. But, we'll tackle one thing at a time, eh?[Chapter 3] Gah. I'm so sorry for the ungodly long time it took to update. Hopefully it won't take as long for the next one. _ The evening was crisp and cool with small orphan breezes blowing about the streets. Ira clutched the insides of her jacket, trying desperately to keep warm, whilst trying to keep her cool. The broad was referring to this corner, right? She thought with chattering teeth, Ah, well. Maybe if I'm lucky she won't sho- \"I knew you'd viddy things my way, Ira. Let's itty on, then.\" The blonde appeared from the darkness suddenly and casually motioned for Ira to follow her and the two other girls. She was the same person on the outside; However, she noticed with a fleeting bit of uncertainty, Ludmilla was lacking in the charm and friendliness she had so openly displayed earlier. It was only when the threat from earlier resurfaced that she felt a new burst of motivation to get the night over with. She hurried to catch up with the three of them, almost hearing her skinny legs cracking in an effort to un-thaw. It hadn't been easy to lie to her parents, especially her mother. It had been even less easy to lie to Tim and Shelley. While she had told her mother that a fellow employee had taken ill and that she would be needed for the Friday night shift, she had fibbed that she was recovering from a bad school lunch to Tim. Upon hearing this, Shelley had even offered her world-famous (or at least, in Ira's opinion it should have been) 'remedy tea.' The guilt was quite great, but Ira's desire to alleviate the leverage Ludmilla had over her was greater. \"So, ah,\" She tried almost a little too hard, \"Where might we be… headed off to?\" \"Here.\" Looking around to see where exactly she was referring to, she was a bit perturbed to see that they were only surrounded by bare alley, and she only turned around in time to see a stray package flying to hit her square in the face. She cursed a stream, clutching her features in agony, \"What the Blo-!\" Ludmilla tapped a foot rapidly, drawing Ira's attention to the pack that lay on the ground. Whatever the hell it was… could have been a sack of rocks, for all she knew. Nothing extraordinary about it spare some unusual twining and the obvious indent it had from hitting her face. She stared at it for a good few seconds, mulling over the possibilities, until she heard an irritated sigh. \"If you're waiting around for it to jump up an' give you a good shlaga on the nose, we could be here a Bog-awful long raz.\" \"Well what the hell is it, for God's sake? Why couldn't you have just handed me the damned thing?\" All three sets of eyes before her twinkled, each with a sly matching grin. \"Open it and see, Ira-dear.\" One hissed, the mocking edge to her voice quite obvious. Ludmilla only smiled. Ira bent down slowly and picked it up, not nearly as heavy as it had seemed. She was set to undo the twining but realized she was having some difficulty; and further, she realized, the only way to undo it would be to- Christ. She reached into her back pocket, fingers grasping the switch blade, and held it up to her face. At this point the girls tittered quietly and Ludmilla's smile deepened with a sort of infantile excitement as she swiftly sliced the binding. Tucking the blade carefully into its place again, she proceeded to shred the thick paper to reveal the contents. Black… more black… and then a shine. She gazed at them in puzzlement. She had withdrawn a pair of black pants, black shirt… black… mask. She understood now. She hadn't paid much mind before, but looking at the three girls she realized that it was the exact set of clothing that they shared, minus the masks; but looking more closely, Ira could see the shining black material peeking from their collars. She looked into Ludmilla's eyes closely and said the only word that came to mind. \"No.\" She spat. \"See, Ira, you came here. You accepted. You met me and the girls, the right corner and all. You can't possibly be gloopy enough not to know what I'd been govoreeting about.\" Ludmilla said, retaining her grin, \"'No' is no longer an option for you.\" \"So put it on, already, my lips are dry as hell! Can't this be hurried up, Lud?\" The particularly nasty one snapped. A tense silence followed. Girl staring down girl. One with a smug smirk, one with daggers in her eyes, and all with highly expectant looks… the smirk faded as the seconds ticked on, however. \"It can.\" She finally muttered back, her expression souring slightly as she recognized Ira's intent to be stubborn. A string of alarm bells went off in the girl's head as she saw all three of them fumble in their pockets for something that wasn't too hard to guess. She couldn't take them on; she realized with a sense of helplessness (that she loathed, oh how she loathed it) that it was either put the stupid things on or miss work at Tim and Shelley's permanently. \"Oh, I'll put the bleeding things on… they're all stark raving mad. \" She hissed, hastily stuffing her own pant legs into the new, alien pair. She removed her skimpy coat and gasped from the sudden cold, pulling the polyester-like material over her head in a flash. A few rustles and irritated grunts passed as the three girls stood patiently. Ira spun to face them in a huff, now wearing the same clothes as them, but looking far less put together by comparison. \"Alright, now what?\" Her eyes gleamed under the black mask expectantly, making little to no effort to hide their anger. \"We don't plan much. Surely you can handle one little gooly?\" Ludmilla drawled, a feigned innocent edge to her voice. For some odd reason, the teenspeak was the aspect of her predicament that she looked forward to the very least; Not the prospect of violence, not being submissive, not even having to hang with these girls, but the slang. How such a way of speaking came about never ceased to boggle her. \"I'm afraid I don't follow.\" She said quite bluntly. \"Oh, excuse me. It's a 'stroll.'\" The blonde rolled her eyes, turning on her heel. The others turned as well, throwing malicious glances towards Ira's direction every so often as she tried to keep up. As they walked, she couldn't help noticing that they were going through an incredibly unfamiliar labyrinth of alleyways. She'd cringe occasionally at the sight and sounds of other 'troubled' youth, lounging around and cooing vulgarities at the girls as they made their way through. She had also noticed that, despite all this, Ludmilla maintained a stony exterior while the two girls that flanked her would growl and snap like dogs. It almost felt like the way things used to be… No. It was never like this. She shook her head absentmindedly at the thought, I would have never imagined this. Being coerced into something so juvenile… yet… Yet so dangerous. A slight collision into the back of the shorter of the two girls made her realize that they had stopped. She grimaced heavily when she realized where. Well, can't say I shouldn't have foreseen this. \"I imagine we'll be going in there?\" She asked, struggling to keep an even tone. Korova, however briefly she had been there to seek work, had made a lasting impression on Ira. And it wasn't a good one. Although, she had been oddly disappointed at the absence of any Slavic or eastern European accents, as the name had initially led her to believe there would be. \"Oh, just a little while. We won't keep little Ira out of bed too long, but it'll be just enough to send her home happy.\" The blonde didn't bother turning to her, but she could distinctly hear her smile as she spoke, \"Besides, they don't take kindly to serving us damas.\" \"Or any damas, really.\" Another girl reaffirmed. \"How long we stay doesn't matter as long as we get some bleedin' drinks!\" The other complained, \"Let's get on with it!\" \"Why wouldn't they? Don't they like the business?\" Ira pressed, genuinely curious; It had been the first feeling she had all night that wasn't rage, humiliation, or fear. \"Let's just say…\" the doors opened suddenly to the same odd world of offending sculptures and bright lights, immediately filling Ira with dread, \"They'd like us better as dates.\" Alright, I was kind of a meanie with this one... No Alex yet... But there will be in the next chapter, you can bet on that. mmmmwahahahahahahahaha[Chapter 4] Hello Hello, just a friendly author's note. I apologize for drifting in and out of this story, but hopefully the updates will become less erratic. Ahem, on to the action! Ira blinked at the sudden brightness of the room. Looking around, it appeared that nothing had changed since she had last been there about a year ago. Neither had its patrons. She tried to avoid eye contact as much as humanly possible, but still managed to see that the general population in the bar was as seedy and unstable as usual, a curious mix of businessmen and ruffians alike. They all tittered and laughed occasionally, but watched the girls with unreadable yet obviously unfriendly stares as they passed. They didn't have to walk for too long until they happened upon a small table and situated themselves. She shifted uncomfortably for moment, but eased when she noticed that none of their collective attentions were on her. The more softspoken of the two cronies was currently twisting her auburn hair around her finger, staring into space with a half-lidded gaze, while the slightly louder of the two had shot up to fetch the beverages immediately as soon as she realized that no one was coming to serve the table. Ludmilla wore a peculiar expression, as if she was torn between content and anger; her eyes told Ira that she was obviously looking for someone within the bar. Her attention was ripped away when the abrupt clatter of glasses hitting the table filled her ears. She had a couple of defined experiences with alcohol, but nothing that was constant and or particularly harmful. She braced for the mental effect as she reached, but stopped and blinked when she saw the contents. \"…What is that?\" She asked, sounding a bit too dumb for her own liking. \" That, Ira, is what you've been missing.\" Ludmilla replied smoothly, eyes never leaving the glass as she took a sip, \"And believe me, you'll probably need it.\" She glanced at the other girls, who were already downing their glasses as if it was the last thing they were ever going to drink on this earth. After some great amount of hesitation, she took hold of her own and raised it to her lips. She was reminded once again that this was not a normal night in the least as the rim pressed gently against her mask, and after a long inhale, she took her first sip. It was just about the strangest thing she had ever drank in her short life. It tasted neither good nor bad; Above all, it tasted… like… Milk…Damn, it really is a milkbar. They drink some kind of spiked milk here? She thought, licking her lips unconsciously, Ah well. Better that it's milk than something that could seriously- Just then, a slow, tingling feeling spread through her body. It was as if everything had just been sped up by a fraction of second, yet her mind was empty, spare a niggling little spark of instability. Her mind seemed absolutely unable to slow down. Shit, was this normal? At this rate she wouldn't know her left hand from her right, and such vulnerability around these broads could prove disastrous. \"See, there you go!\" The loudmouth encouraged, \"Isn't it great? I'll bet it isn't anything you're used to.\" \"That'll do, Francis.\" Ludmilla slurred, \"Give our little Ira some time. Won't do anyone of us any good this nochy if you go on rushing her like a right nazz.\" \"So Lud, what are we… I mean, when did you agree on?\" The auburn haired girl spoke, a faint line of concern visible beyond her mask. She appeared to be the least affected by the strange dairy concoction, as far as Ira could notice. \"I didn't agree on anything. We just need an eye out, I told you.\" Ludmilla responded gruffly, \"There's no cause for your shilarny, or anyone's.\" \"But what if they-\" \"I said there's no cause! We just need to stick it out for the night, understand? If we do that much, we'll know that there's no cause to be like spoogy anymore.\" Ira struggled to gather her bearings through the milky fog that had descended on her mind. It had arrived with such vengeance, and yet it felt nothing like a usual fit of drunkenness- it was like a living thing, a cauldron of unknown energy that was fast solidifying into something far more dangerous. The sound of the dying argument and the sudden screech of chairs against the floor broke her from her trance and caused her to snap her head back up to the table's occupants. However, nobody seemed to be getting up; and prior to the relaxed faces she had seen earlier, there was something slightly more edgy and tense in their eyes. The looks brought back a rush of memories she would have rather stayed buried, but she had no time to wallow in them as the light thuds of what sounded like work boots came and died very close behind her. \"Welly Welly well, little sisters.\" A taunting but smooth voice greeted, \"Have you been waiting for us all nochy like dobby devotchkas?\" At the strange sound it made, Ira was inclined to turn her head and look, but a higher instinct inside her prevented her from doing so. She instead gazed straight ahead at Ludmilla, who was currently cast in the shadow of the newcomers. The shadows themselves were curious looking. They were all, spare one that was particularly broad shouldered, relatively the same size, and half wearing derbies no less. If the tension had not been as tight, and if the strangers (to her anyway; she had reason to presume that they had been acquainted with the girls previously) had not been addressing them so directly, Ira may have even chuckled a bit. Then again, this did not seem like a terribly good time to laugh. She feigned a sudden interest in her legs as smoothly as she could manage. \"Not too long.\" She heard Ludmilla's voice speak cooly, \"We're accustomed to having patience for the likes of you lot. In fact, we're quite surprised that you decided to grace us with your presence, Alex.\" Although her voice was calm on the exterior, Ira could almost detect a note of something contentious in Ludmilla's words, which were now lacking alarmingly in the nadstat. She could only guess that she was anything but pleasantly surprised. The abrupt screech of chairs caused Ira to finally look up. She found that the derby wearing oddballs had situated themselves quite strategically around the table, separating each girl by what Ira could recognize as non-coincidental even in her currently drugged state. Although, as abruptly as the reaction had come, it was now barely a hindrance and seemed hardened like a shell. It did not seem any less alive, though. She quietly and hastily surveyed around the table. The intruders were clad in some kind of white boiler suits, their coal black hats crowning their heads in a way akin to pen caps. Starting from her right , she could see that they were the typical… shaika . She tensed at the word as if someone else, some invisible sensation had forced it into her mind. It remained the only real word other than horrowshow she had bothered to pick up in, well, the days when she was a brat. Of course, being of the typical appearance with vain costumes and slacked jaws with little to say (save the occasional group jeer brought on by some such hoopla), did not make them harmless in the least. She worked rapidly to decipher their motives just so she could at the very least remain a safe step ahead. As she continued to make her way through each member of the circle, she silently tried assigning roles. The first to her right was a boy of smaller stature and a floppy barrette, his black-rimmed disposition gloomy and pouting like the humored little brother, only more on edge. Going further, near the tempered auburn haired girl, was a slightly taller and gawky looking creature. He wore a maliciously stupid grin on his face, the only discrepancy from the others being the form his hat took, which was a top hat. Between this and the boiler suit, Ira decided that he looked like some perverse imitation of a groom who had taken to the streets in his pajamas. Just between Ludmilla and the girl she now knew as Francis, sat a mammoth of a boy that really looked more like a gorilla than anything else; he didn't look like he could have been the most interesting of company, and though she was sound in this judgment she left room for a polite portion of doubt. She assumed that her assessments were complete until she became acutely aware of the fourth, who had stealthily seated himself to her left. She had only noticed his presence when he laid his hands on the table leisurely, palms facing out expressively. \"'Surprised?' Surprise isn't what we're smotting at, I'm messeling, as it appears your malenky gruppa has gotten one sharp bigger.\" The voice spoke with the same laziness, although this time laced with a smidge of contempt and knowingness, \"But it can't be helped; You are ever the believer in one nochy droogies.\" A feeling of uneasiness started to unfurl in Ira's stomach as the table occupants attention evidently shifted towards her, including Ludmilla's, who looked livid in a way similar to a cat in a corner. How could they have picked her out so easily? Was she that noticeable? She then noticed, with a slow pang of humiliation and embarrassment, that she was the only one of her 'gruppa' who was still wearing a mask. She turned towards the owner of the voice reluctantly and blushed profusely, but not so much that it creeped beyond the mask's edges. To anyone that was not her, it seemed to be a more challenging gesture than the apology of a newly acquired underling. Through the now painfully apparent fuzzy black edges of the mask, she could see the boy's face staring back at her. At first glance he didn't look much different from the others, but upon closer inspection she was distinctly aware that he was no follower. His straight yet laid back posture, and his expectant smirk coupled with his icy eyes seemed to demand obedience. On pain of what consequences, she wasn't sure if she wanted to know. As they made eye contact, the smirk dimmed ever so slightly, and he seemed to lose interest after giving her some unreadable consideration. He instead directed his attention once more towards Ludmilla. \"A ptitsa you'd bring, as usual.\" He spoke, as if finishing off an abstract thought, \"If I didn't know any better, I'd skazat that you and your droogies were looking to filly with us.\" \"You know full well what this is, Alex. You can stop with that sarky goloss.\" Ludmilla snapped, the nadstat creeping back into her vocabularly as her confidence rose, \"Is this going to be a bitva or not?\" Oh gosh, so that was it. Ira almost choked, drawn from her trance of watching the gorilla drain the contents of his milk glass like an overgrown baby. She regretted her stupidity as fury and realization washed over her face beneath the mask. How could she have not seen this on the horizon? What was worse, she was feeling increasingly violent by the second for no explainable reason. She felt like a borderline sacrificial lamb, or something close. It wasn't even betrayal, as she didn't trust Ludmilla at all. She pondered her options as she hastily looked about the room in vain for some means of escape. She finally looked back to Ludmilla, her eyes now visibly subdued and accepting under the mask, but still clearly pissed off. If this 'bitva' was truly going to happen, Ira would certainly not be watching anyone's back or to coming to anyone's rescue other than her own tonight. Whoo, first attempt at dialogue for Alex! Hopefully it wasn't too unconvincing, but I didn't want him to come off too ridiculously strong. Stuff's about to go down in the next chappie, and hopefully it'll be a similar length.[Chapter 5] I really am genuinely sorry to have taken this long to update this story, it's been in my thoughts ever since March. Not that any excuse would warrant a break this embarrassingly long, but I was admittedly sidetracked by the other stressful working matters of life as well as a highly unusual summer. I am extremely thankful for all of your input, especially demonbarber14 and Nova Sinfonia, and Lady President Romana, your comments have been very helpful and thoughtful. I am sorry to have disrespected you guys as an audience, and will not let it happen again. X_X So much for it 'not being all about bitvas'… Ira's heart was pounding in her chest as the situation hit her repeatedly, keeping in time with each step she took away from base. By base, she meant Korova; never in her life did she think that would be a place of safety for anyone, least of all her. She had been duped by Ludmilla, fair and square, and she was certain that she would not shed a single tear if harm or even death befell Ira. The feeling, at this point, was not mutually exclusive. However beat up I look by the end of this, She thought, fidgeting in the cold, I hope she ends up looking twice as bad. All biting inner brutality against Ludmilla aside, a seed of fear had been sown. The last time she had taken on men, there had only been two, and she had only made it out alright because they were utterly de-sensitized with the pungent odor of bitter on their breath. This was a different situation entirely. From what she could tell using her peripherals, her female 'allies' had already donned battle faces. Looking straight ahead, each face in the wall of white wore expectant but vicious grins. Except for him. She exercised her glances at 'Alex' with restraint, but even if she hadn't she wouldn't be entirely sure of what could be going on in his head. There was of course only a telling little smirk that outright told her that it was nothing pleasant. In light of things, it didn't even matter. They would all be at odds with each other in a matter of moments, and things didn't seem to be in the best of conditions for a timely escape, especially in the place that they now were. She could yell for help until she was red in the face, and it was almost guaranteed that no one would come. Brilliant. \"Alright, listen up. The terms in this here drat are the same as always; Winner gets to-\" Ludmilla could barely finish her shouting when a flash of white was already on her. The sound of yelping and growling and beating fabric and clashing of joints grew gradually louder as more joined in. Nothing but the swing of an arm had time to register in Ira's mind as she narrowly dodged it, only to get caught on someone's leg and stumble to the side. She huffed as the onslaught continued; the first swing had clearly been intended for her. With little time to spare, she gathered her bearings and looked up. It was the little barrette kid from earlier. If he had changed his facial expression once since they left Korova, there was no evidence at all. Looking him up and down, she felt a little more confident. That codpiece isn't going to make up for his height, no matter how much he wears it. She thought, rushing forward after a bit of hesitation. The codpieces themselves, which she could see as the reigning 'adornment' on each of their costumes, would have been laughable if she wasn't already aching all over. For what the kid was lacking in size and build, he clearly made up for in speed. She found herself dodging far more than attacking as the onslaught became far more numerous and intense, and landing a hit was currently out of the question. They were far from alone, obviously. The kid seemed to pale and withdraw as a blow the equivalent of a lead pipe connected with her backside and caught her most completely. She sailed to the dirt in a silent scream. She didn't have time to even splutter as a shadow darkened her already black attire and a boot came down, no doubt intending to crush her head. She narrowly avoided it by rolling to the side in a positively breakneck tempo, springing to her feet when the stomping was no longer as dangerously close. She cursed sharply as a new pain awakened in her neck; Damn it all, even the act of escaping was causing her physical distress. Resilience (or perhaps it was fear of certain death) could not hold her up for much longer at this rate. As the noises of conflict continued, however, the nameless inner beast yanked sharply on her mind. She was stuck in a damaging haze. The auburn haired girl, try as she could to hold up, was similarly knocked to the dirt. The tall, gawky boy wore a slimy smirk on his face, lips curling and crumpling underneath his pointed noise as he rained down hits with little mercy. Ira felt nauseous. She struggled for support, dizzy and bewildered from the now germinating results of previous punches, and scraped her masked forehead against the cold brick wall of building. Why had she ever agreed to this? Was it this important to keep a couple of petty secrets under her control? Was she honestly that stupid to not have anticipated this kind of outcome? What if she… wanted this? Ira gaped breathlessly at the ground for several moments until the soft whistle of an approaching fist reached her through her altered state of consciousness. The wind was knocked out of her for the second time that night. She rolled on her back, the ugly sounds of coughing ringing in the cold air uncontrollably as her skin met with kick after kick. It twisted inwards with each strike, as if it were a tarp and not something bearing bone underneath. It was enough of a disturbing sensation to make her feel nauseous. So much pain…I can't even..! The coughing turned to labored gasps as the very ability to cough was stripped from her being. She did not have time to pick and choose emotions as two strong hands gripped her on either arm, pinning her like a butterfly against the dirt of the street. The only thing she could piece together at the moment was that she was currently under the behemoth she had previously suspected of being 'uninteresting company.' As her marbles rolled back into place, a slight ripple of resistance turned into full out thrashing against his grip, twisting in every way imaginable to escape. All the while he remained faintly silhouetted by the streetlight, his idiot grin pursing threateningly between grunts as his restraint grew to the point of breaking her infinitely more fragile arms. The awful instrument that had been the prelude to this whole mess glimmered tauntingly in her pocket, as if purposely staying out of her reach. Its shine, in fact, seemed to grow brighter and brighter with each rustle, each fit of resistance, each edge towards ruin. You couldn't handle me, it seemed to say, don't even trouble yourself. You're a silly little poser. I'll do better in more capable hands… Yes, it glimmered more brightly with each passing second. It also matched the tempo of the boiling within her, within some dark recess of her mind. … So enjoy the ride. The shadow of the impending slap from her aggressor against the street lamp seemed to be in slow motion. She didn't feel at all in her mind. All that could be registered next was the feel of her nails lashing out and dragging, ripping against a soft and sweaty surface. The pained shriek of the gorilla broke the white hot silence of her own snap. Whatever plans he had before appeared to have changed entirely, as evidenced by the strong and grubby fingers that were now lunging for her throat. She turned over onto her back as swiftly as she could manage, fumbling for anything within her reach, finally latching onto a bit of exposed pipe. She yanked herself out and up, but standing up was only half the battle. The lumbering (and now highly incensed) form in front of her stood up and slammed a fist into the wall just inches from her cheek. Get away- Get out of here- Get anywhere! Her mind repeated feverishly. It was a mantra that was growing more and more urgent; She only heard her own pounding footsteps as she fled. A second pair was growing louder above the yelling and hollering, and she couldn't have gotten too far when her hair was snatched into a painful bunch. Mixed with her pained cry was now baritone laughter, occasionally drifting to high pitched giggles as Ira thrashed like a fish on a hook. With a grimace, she realized there were no other options; Her hand plunged into her pocket, drew up the blade, and swung haphazardly at her captive locks. It wasn't at all like the movies. No clean swipe, no graceful strands glittering in the air; just messy tufts and multiple hacks. She winced as she felt it graze over something that certainly wasn't hair. Gravity sucked her towards the street as the mocking laughter behind her broke to a scream. She caught herself in a stumble and immediately started running again, putting as much distance between them as possible. She gradually slowed from a run to jog, and then from a jog to a stumble as she clutched her side. As she made her way to the shadows she felt a hand suddenly grab her shoulder and pull her in completely. She panicked, until she looked up into the eyes of Francis. \"So, how are you liking it?\" Ira stared back vacantly, not particularly compelled to answer. It didn't seem she was expected to, anyway. The girl turned away slightly and shook her head, a scowl on her face in the darkness. \"I knew this was a bloody bad idea. Lud's out of her mind…\" She looked back to Ira, \"But this is the only way to handle these blokes.\" Ira blinked slowly, fixing her with a heated stare, \"You call that \"handling?!\" I don't know what you did- or what Ludmilla did- but I've taken enough of a beating already. Within a bloody inch of my life, in fact. If you don't mind, I'm going to go salvage what's left of me. You'd be absolutely mad if you didn't do the same.\" She turned away briskly and stumbled as gracefully as she could, but was abruptly intercepted. Francis stood in front of her with narrowed eyes, fist raised, when suddenly the din found them both again. The beast she had escaped earlier roared and rushed for them both. They both dispersed in time, Francis apparently abandoning her 'handling' idea and fleeing into the alleyway. Ira was left to face him again for the second time. She sighed exasperatedly and raised her hands. \"Look, do you really want to go through with this again? I really didn't mean to slice you, but the scratch was necessary.\" She said (couldn't hurt to try reasoning), \"I think that milk is just really fucking with everyone's heads, we're all tired, and frankly, we should all just go home.\" The ape fixed her with a blank stare and a highly awkward silence nestled between them. She blinked. Either he didn't understand more than one sentence at once, or he didn't care at all. After some unintelligible muttering, he started towards her again. As he started, she took steps back. \"Georgie's had himself a dobby raz with that malenky harlot… Fixed her nice and good…\" An ugly grin split his face, and he spat at the ground, \"Fix you good, too.\" So much for that. Ira paled at the prospect of another assault, more so at the crude wording of his implication. She had all the fight, but none of the stamina or energy to save her a second time, having squeezed her way out of the first. \"Y-you're the one who needs fixing. You all do.\" She inched back faster, \"Every last sodding one of you.\" He lunged at her at full speed, arms outstretched and fingers curled. She haphazardly knocked over some trash cans in her panic as she attempted another hearty getaway, the metallic din numbing her ears as she kicked and waded through them like they were rapids. Wriggling her way out, she got only the slightest head start as the Neanderthal gathered his bearings. She ran with every last ounce of energy she left in her, which wasn't much to begin with. An opening was in sight. With a desperate effort to forge forward, she exited the labyrinth of brick... into another labyrinth of brick. She heaved a defeated sigh. As she trudged forward, a sinking feeling came over her when she realized that she could no longer hear much noise; the noise she did hear, however, was more like soft grunting and thumping and… Best if I don't turn around. Don't turn around. She commanded. Don't- She turned to face the noise reluctantly, staring into a dark corner, searching. Nothing. After a couple more moments, she moved to leave, when a pained yelp hit her ears. Spinning around once again, her eyes trailed down to the form of the girl with auburn hair. She lay sprawled out on the ground in quite a battered state; just above her was the gawky idiot from before, elated and sweaty. He didn't look the least surprised to see her; as they locked eyes, he only smiled that sharklike, stupid grin. The realization of the unspeakable act he had just committed came slowly at first, like a marble rolling off a ledge, and then abruptly hit her with the all the force of a bowling ball. There was a silence. There couldn't be anything but. \"And what's the deal with you little sister? Going to be bolnoy, are you?\" He mocked, lips curling back even wider, \"Or are you going to give this chelloveck a great bolshy jammiwam, too?\" She stared back at him, then back down at the broken creature he was standing over. Her heart ached and her blood boiled. Her mind feared, and her stomach twisted. It was only after a few moments of silence that she slowly raised her gaze back to him, fists trembling. \"A great bolshy 'fixing,'\" she whispered in a low, indignant growl, \"is what you're going to get.\" He grinned in utter amusement as her stance shifted. Even in its weakness, there was a small spark of strength, a glitter of violent promise in her eyes. He straightened up and stepped over the girl, tapping a boot on her behind lightly, never once looking away from Ira. He walked forward until she was fully engulfed in his shadow, looking straight down at her. The streetlight was eclipsed by his leering face. He lowered it towards her ever so slightly. \"Have at it then, little sister.\" He whispered. A playful threat. She looked into his eyes a few moments longer. A few moments that made him suspect she was bluffing; as he casually started to draw up his hand for the first blow, he was suddenly met with the sting of a quick but potent slap across the face. He withdrew in momentary shock, a moment that was short lived as he pursed his lips and slapped her twice as hard. She dug in her heels to keep from falling backwards, little as she was by comparison, and stumbled back a few steps. Panting heavily, she charged him again. The collision was brutal. He punched her in the shoulder, which would have been crippling had she not moved it backwards with his movement to lessen the impact. She kneed him in the crotch, earning a laugh from him when she embarrassedly remembered why such an effort was futile. She dodged the second smack but was unable to dodge the third, which saw her wobbling backwards again, breathing heavily. She finally landed a solid hit on his chest, but he recovered far more quickly than she did, and his attacks were becoming far more numerous and violent. Dodge one, get knocked by another, that was how it went until she finally gathered up enough fury to full out jump on top of him. They both went sailing to the ground. She landed one punch, then two punches, then several more until he attempted to flip her over again. She jumped up and aimed a kick for his face when he grabbed her ankle painfully and flung her down, seizing the opportunity to gain the upper hand. She cried out as he applied his full weight in restraining her. His furious disposition melted to manic self assurance and glee as he realized that she was completely under his control, struggle under him as much as she might, and he set to work immediately at pulling her modest lower coverings downwards. Had he been able to hear over the loud roar of his ego, he may have heard the faint rustle approaching him. Ira panicked, almost on the brink of a scream, when she saw the auburn haired girl lunge forward and pull his hair, knocking his hat off. He shot up and grabbed her hair to return the favor, flinging her back with relative ease. Once his attention was returned to Ira, he was met with an unrelenting bite on the arm, and the girl joined in once more, desperately pulling at his suspenders to get him off of her. The girl pulled and Ira pushed, and together they were able to get him onto his back. Now freed, she held him down and the girl punched to her heart's content. When it seemed he was finally down and out, she panted heavily, looked up at Ira, and fixed her with a gruff stare. She maintained the eye contact for a few moments and moved to leave, a defeated nature about her even with the monster finally out cold. She walked away. Ira followed briskly and caught up to her. \"I… are you… alright?\" she asked uncertainly, \"If you want, we can go to the-\" \"Sod. Off.\" The girl snarled, slowing down, \"Just… sod…\" She broke into sobs right then and there. Ira could only watch helplessly, at a loss for words. \"Come along, then, let's go.\" She offered, placing a hand on her shoulder. She didn't resist, sniffling silently as Ira helped her along the alley. She could only hope that she and the girl would be able to avoid the remaining fray. A hope that was only that. This bitva is far from over, rest assured. Story is kind of teetering on the edge of an 'M' rating, I think... But this is A Clockwork Orange, right?[Chapter 6] As the two walked along in silence, with only occasional sniffling to echo off the brick walls along with their footsteps, Ira felt herself suddenly on alert. Yet another noise of distress was coming from the next corner. She cringed. I'm going to need about three more arms by the time this is over. She thought darkly. She looked around and sighed when the direction of the noise was the only way to go. Inching forward cautiously, she removed her hand from the distressed girl and peered around. It was Francis. From the looks of it, she had cornered the barrette kid and was proceeding to beat him senseless. It looked like they were alone; she urged the girl along again and was about to pass right by the two when she noticed, with a sensible amount of unease, that he was unresponsive, covered in bruises, and bleeding quite profusely from his temple. Another irritated sigh. \"Come on, that's enough.\" She called loudly. No responses. Just more punching. She strolled over briskly and roughly pulled her back by the shoulder, placing herself in front of the boy. \"You're going to fucking kill him. Give it a rest, for God's sake.\" She snapped. \"Maybe that's what I'm going at.\" Francis huffed, \"Get out of my way.\" \"Do you hear yourself? You're making a mistake!\" She shouted, \"Out of all the people to beat senseless tonight, you pick HIM? Was that your grand scheme when I found you hiding in the trash?\" \"I was not hiding, you bloody bitch.\" She hissed, \"Anyhow, I'm not going to take orders from anyone but Lud.\" \"I'm sure that has and will get you far. Where's Ludmilla, now, eh? Where is she now?!\" \"Well and out of the way, little sister.\" They all froze. Ira slowly turned her head to face the newest voice. Alex emerged from the shadows beyond the streetlamp, swinging his cane leisurely as he approached the three of them. Her head snapped back in the direction of panicked footfalls just in time to see Francis making her final hasty getaway of the night. Of course. He stalked forth until there was only about a ten foot distance between him and the two girls. The auburn haired girl was on edge, tensing visibly, and Ira could only stand still in uncertainty. \"Now what's this, my dearest devotchkas? What have thou done to poor malenky Pete?\" he asked, head moving from girl to girl in an owlish fashion, blue eyes never wandering. \"We haven't done anything to him.\" Ira answered honestly. They could be asking what he had done to Ludmilla, but that might encourage a demonstration on his part. They both had a pretty good idea as of right then and there, anyway. She noticed with a certain measure of alarm that there wasn't as much as a scratch on him. She swallowed subtly. \"Haven't you?\" he asked. His tone was skeptical in an almost playful way. Like he was asking a child if they had stolen from a cookie jar. It just made her skin crawl. \"Look, if you want to deal with Francis then deal with her on your own bloody time. We're the only reason she didn't do him in completely.\" She said with as much assertion as she could manage, \"We're leaving.\" He looked back at her and smirked, tilting his head slightly. His eyes glittered mischieviously, \"Are thou nice and sparkly certain of that, little sister?\" She stared back at him, eyebrows creased in concern, when she heard the other girl gasp suddenly. There was a thunk and a thud. She spun around on her heel just in time to see 'Georgie' once again standing over the girl with a large plank of discarded wood, beaten up significantly more since their last encounter, but smiling that manic grin all the while. Before she had time to react accordingly, she was swept into a pair of strong arms, and to her horror was being lifted into the air, legs flailing and kicking against her attacker. She already felt her rear being violated and pinched as deep stupid laughter rang in her ears, higher laughter joining in. As she struggled with all the fight left in her, she suddenly found herself looking up into a pair of icy eyes just inches from her face. Alex only smiled back at her pleasantly, horrified and indignant as she may have looked. \"Thou should pick your bitvas more smart like, my molodoy, malenky ptitsa.\" He drawled, languidly reaching the tip of his cane under her chin, \"Right right?\" The laughs turned to hoots and hollers of agreement, only encouraged by this statement from their leader. Ira squeezed her eyes shut, hoping against all hope that this would really just turn out to be some ridiculous dystopian nightmare brought on by a little too much leftover curry before bedtime. When she didn't have such luck, she gasped at the sensation of the cane casually making its way elsewhere and opened her eyes wide. She grabbed at it with both feet, refusing to let go, and somehow managed to knock it away. The laughter died slightly as it clattered off to the side, shining as it rolled through a puddle. She took a deep breath and looked up at him once more, panting and far angrier now than afraid. She visibly struggled to address him as she fought for composure. \"Now, you s-see here. I didn't pick any fucking 'bitva.'\" She stated clearly, trying to straighten up in her suspended position, \"You're going to let me go. You're going to let me go now . You'll probably need to tend to your friend over there. If you're any sort of sodding leader, you will extend me the courtesy to tend to mine.\" Now, this was something. The two boys looked at each other quite nervously as silence nestled between them once again, the only sound being Ira's anguished pants in the night air. Alex studied her quietly. He never broke eye contact; his smile had diminished to nothing. After a few moments, however, it creeped back onto his face looking twice as unpleasant. \"It so happens that I am a sladky veck, little sister, who wouldn't have the slightest sneets of vredding thou or thy droog.\" He replied smoothly. He looked up at the ape, a commanding nature in his eyes. After she felt his muscles loosen uncertainly, Ira was released. She fell on her knees and coughed for a few moments. She rose up cautiously and looked him in the eyes with a great measure of distrust, until she finally went to collect the auburn haired girl and left wordlessly. That devotchka hadn't turned out in the state he had been messeling of in his mozg. She wasn't ceasing to interessovat him; in any case, she should have been the odin sharp to end up in . She hadn't platched or creeched. Not even when vesches seemed quite over for the molodoy dama. At first, he had fancied that it was a fluke to have her be the last sharp standing, fancied the idea of having the old in-out in-out with her. He messeled that she would creech real horrorshow, that her luminous green glazzies would go all bolshy on her litso, all poogly like as he'd set to work razrezzing her malenky platties. She'd beg him to stop. Instead, she'd been white like a dook for a couple of seconds, clopped his britva cane, and taken to him with a goloss that was most oozhassny and razdrez. He'd then skazatted to her the closest thing he had ever skazatted to an appypolly loggy, and even let the malenky sharp itty off with her grahzny droog. She bundled her up, then ittied off all like fagged and chumbling, never odin raz turning around to viddy him again. Poogly, indeed. Georgie and Dim were rearing to oobivat the malenky ptitsa, that much he ponied. As he ordered them to sobirat poor old Pete and take him back to his domy, nobody really knew that Alex just wasn't done fillying with this devotchka quite yet. Uncle Alex just wasn't about to share. Ira plodded along with shallow breaths, heaving the girl along on her shoulders, barely having enough strength to support the two of them with her own legs. She slowed at certain intervals, but never stopped. She just wanted this night to finally be over. She wanted to go home. She wasn't even sure if she could formulate an explanation for the bruises and her new haircut that wouldn't have her mum absolutely frantic and dialing for the police. She supposed that the next logical step would be the hospital. The girl wasn't looking so great, not to mention she hadn't the faintest idea of where she lived. As she half walked, half dragged along, she struggled to recall the night's events with clarity. The terror had hit her shortly after they had made it about half a mile away. The only thing that she could recall with absolute clarity was Alex. He hadn't beaten her, hadn't tried to rape her, hadn't raped anyone near her, yet he was the most frightening thing she had seen that night. She simply knew on some level that he had everything to do with what had happened to them. The sooner I get home, the better. She thought, I'm too tired to have dreams. The street beneath them was dark. Strips of orange only passed over them occasionally. She hadn't even considered the fact that other troubled creatures of the night that frequented these streets might try to take advantage of her or the other girl. If they had, she probably would have just collapsed and lulled into unconsciousness. She perked up a bit at the increasing number of neon lights that alerted her to the fact that she had reached down town. Her footsteps increased as she passed the little shops and closed grocery stores. Shouldn't be too long until she got where she needed to be. A couple of dark stoops and storefronts later saw her at the end of a very long street. When she finally looked up with her droopy eyes, she was practically blinded by the front of the hospital. It was as if they were the gates of God, glowing in all their immaculate glory, calling her away to safety. She shuffled forward, weak but nonetheless fiendishly giddy and excited, shifting the girl slightly for a better grip. It was over. She would go home. It was over. The night was over. If I could walk any faster, I'd- A breeze seemed to be sneaking up on her. In a sudden whirlwind, she felt a strong arm wrap around her torso and throw the girl to the ground. Her scream was swiftly muffled by a hand that clamped over her mouth forcefully, and her struggles were stilled by the sensation of a cold knife at her throat. She could only swallow fearfully and mutter in muffled bursts demanding to be released. \"Creech even odin raz, little Ira, and thou wilst be the one issuing appypolly loggies.\" The sound of her name from the fiend's mouth was enough to quiet her in terror. She identified the voice all too quickly; her heart beat caused her pulse to beat against the tip of the knife rapidly. She only realized that she hadn't taken a breath when he casually removed his hand from her mouth, as if he hadn't just been forcing her into silence, causing her to cough and inhale heavily. She shifted her shoulders experimentally, just to see if she had a shot of taking off, but the gentle prod of the knife quickly reminded her to stay put. She cleared her throat. \"What do you want?\" She inquired, trying to sound at least a little brave. She nearly jumped two feet when she felt his hot breath dust over her ear. \"Thou act surprised, malenky Ira-\" she shuddered again at his voice, which was now raspy and frighteningly suggestive. \"I'll thank you not to say my name.\" she blurted. He ignored her and continued, \"Thou wanted me to let thou 'tend' to thy droog, just as I've 'tended' to my droog. And I have, sladky Ira.\" She fidgeted again in discomfort. You haven't. Dropping injured people twenty feet from a hospital isn't as common for me as it may be for you. She thought angrily, \"Sure. And now what?\" \"Come now, thou skazatts as if dear old Uncle Alex comes with baddiwad messels of oobivatting thou or the like,\" he spoke, almost sounding genuinely offended. He practically placed his lips inside of her ear, \"The only thing uncle Alex wants, is a malenky gooly with thou.\" Gooly. The rest may have been gibberish to her, but that word stuck out like a knife among spoons. She remembered all too well the last time someone asked her on a gooly. \"Oh, so what, you'll do me in if I don't take a walk with you?\" she snorted, \"Is that it?\" \"Perhaps. Or maybe I'll give thy droog a dobby shive of my britva? Is that what thou wouldst like?\" He extended his hand in front of her, gesturing towards the girl who was currently lying in the street, \"Come with me, sladky Ira, and we'll have a zammechat raz.\" She closed her eyes and knitted her brows. If her hands had been free, she would have indefinitely been pinching the bridge of her nose, and perhaps even tearing up a bit. Let them both be shanked violently, or walk off into the unknown with a madman. Oh dear. She felt herself being turned around, and once more she found herself looking into those cold, manic eyes. \"Fine.\" She murmured softly. She looked over her shoulder one last time at the torturous sight of the girl and what would have been her own nightly salvation. \" Horrorshow. \" And then things just kind of got a little more complicated. Goolying probably ain't the only thing Alex has in mind.[Chapter 7] Hey everybody! Ah, I was able to make it within the bounds of a month. As usual, thank you to demonbarber14, Plainsong30, and Nova Sinfonia for your lovely reviews. They are quite invaluable to a fledgling such as myself. I must confess that I spit my coffee all over the screen at Plainsong's \"kinky and scary\" bit XD Oh well, as long as it's scary, too... :) Here we goooooo~! She would have laughed at the fact that she was being led along by knifepoint, if she wasn't so terrified. She was trying her hardest not to look at Alex. Not to think about what was going to happen next. Ahead of them, the dim lights of single shop reached in the distance. She could tell, after squinting a bit, that it was Melodia. It occurred to her that it was only the other day that she was hiding away in the listening booth. She was bored. She would know better than to complain about anything, verbally or mentally, if she lived through all of this. Alex stared off at the lights of Melodia as if he was recalling an absent thought. He suddenly looked up at Ira, eyes alight with curiosity. \"What doest thou slooshy to?\" he asked, adopting a tone of curiosity and conversation. Her flinch at the sudden break in silence did not go unnoticed, however well hidden it was intended to be. He smiled. She turned her head ever so slightly, \"You…what?\" \"I am asking thou what lovely, lovely music fills thy gulliver, little sister.\" She made a face; it was only when she looked over at Melodia again that his question registered. She frowned. She was determined not to speak to him anymore than she had to. Utterly recalcitrant silence could be just as dangerous, though, as it was. \"Why?\" she asked. She idly wondered if he would do something psychotic, like go in and smash all her favorite records within the store upon hearing her answer. \"I must govoreet that thou are far less oomny than I messeled, malenky Ira,\" he said, \"What sort of baddiwad vesches does thou think thy Uncle Alex is going to do with thy dobby music?\" I'm sure you could think of a few. She thought, fighting the urge to roll her eyes, \"Do you request all music preferences when holding people at knife point?\" He gave her an unreadable consideration, stopping for a moment. He strode on with a predatory grace. \"Be very, very careful, malenky Ira.\" He warned. \"Listen…\" she started to plead, out of breath, and quickly ditched it to play his game, \"Okay. I listen to, you know…Hollies… Bowie… Armstrong… Krupa… a bit of the classical stuff from time to time…\" \"And what might some of this 'classical stuff' vesche be?\" he asked. She could have sworn that she saw a glitter in his eyes. It set her on edge far more than it should have. \"I, uhm… well…\" She fumbled for words. She wasn't sure what she was thinking; nobody admitted to 'slooshying' to the likes of Verdi and company to these types and lived, it seemed, \"Tchaikovsky… Puccini…\" \"So, sladky Ira fancies the great, bolshy lubbilubbing types, then. \" He said, still pleasant for the time being, \"What say you… to Ludwig Van?\" She tensed. \"Opera's more of my thing. I tried to stick with Fidelio, but… I lean towards the Mozart side of things.\" She replied after a pause, cringing internally. She had never, ever listened to Fidelio in actuality; she avoided Beethoven altogether for reasons she preferred to remain withheld. \"Ah, Wolfgang.\" He continued to stride along leisurely, thankfully showing little evidence of even hearing what she had just said, \"Then Itty-bitty Ira should be real droog like with Don Giovanni…\" She suddenly noticed that they were in the middle of a seemingly abandoned lot some forty feet away from an apartment building. There were only orange street lamps and rubbish and some tires strewn about the place. She suddenly felt very uncomfortable. \"Itty-bitty Ira should also know… what happens to Donna Anna.\" She turned towards him rapidly, eyes wide. \"Alex… please. It's late. Just leave me alone.\" She said breathlessly, wavering slightly, trying her level best not to let her voice spiral into total pleading and desperation. Her heart was thumping. He only smirked at her cruelly. \"Gloopy, gloopy Ira. Leave thou 'alone,' after the malenky eegra thou fillied with my droogs? Leave thou 'alone' after thou tolchocked my britva and govoreeted to thy poor Uncle Alex so rudely?\" He said, stepping closer, \"Thou messeled that you could simply itty on back to thy domy this nochy, after thou did all of those merzky, baddiwad vesches? So very wrong, my malenky one.\" She could hardly believe this boy, talking like everything was her fault, and in that utterly condescending tone to boot. Her chest swelled as she fixed him with an indignant glare, but at the same time her brow creased in fear and frustration. He wasn't going to leave her alone, that was for sure- but she wasn't sure if she could survive another beating. She was dead certain, however, that she wouldn't be able to beat anyone in this state, let alone him. He was the only one in the whole lot of them who had emerged without so much as an aching head. He also didn't seem the type, she noted with a tentative clear of the throat, to be hiding away. But she'd be damned if she let him go through with whatever he was scheming like some obedient schoolgirl. \"I would have gladly abstained from this whole… bitva… \" She wrenched out the word as if she was going to throw up, trying to keep her voice steady, \"If you lot hadn't so happily agreed to it. But if it's a second bitva that you're after, I guess I'll have to oblige. It wouldn't be the first mistake you've made tonight, I'm sure.\" A slight tingling in her scraped knees hit her almost immediately, as if to ask who on this earth she thought she was fooling. His mouth quivered in disbelieving amusement. He looked like he might laugh; it disturbed her greatly when he only craned his head towards her, eyes ablaze. \"Did I just slooshy thou govoreeting that I am to be making a mistake, malenky Ira?\" he said, voice dropping to a near whisper, \"Thou wants to have a malenky drat with thy dear old Uncle Alex? It is you, my lovely, who has made a bolshy, bolshy mistake.\" She barely had time to react when a blow the equivalent of a sledgehammer smacked against her stomach. She sailed backward, falling to the ground as if she only weighed as much as a feather. She couldn't breathe for at least ten seconds, until she gathered her will and slowly tried to stand up again. He watched her with a glittering mischief in his eyes and walked closer, crouching down to her level. \"Does Itty-bitty Ira still want a drat?\" he taunted, lifting her chin to look at him. Her eyes rolled up tiredly to meet his. \"I don't 'want' a drat…wanker…\" she breathed, \"I'd fight you… even if… you were… thirty bloody stories taller than me… before…\" The sting of a slap. Her head flew back again as she clutched his suspenders for dear life. All of a sudden he was grabbing her, every touch violent, smacking her around. Every hit sent her reeling for her mind. She was coming down from the effects of the milk into her right mind only for Alex to knock her right mind straight out of her. She wasn't sure if she could even lift an arm at this rate. She could only bounce and buckle like a rag doll under the scrutiny of his fists, which alternated to kicks every so often. He was a goddamned expert, it seemed. Either that or she was completely and utterly useless. She was too tired to even make a sound. At the moment, she was closer to a paper bag than a human being. She gradually resigned herself to his onslaught. He finally let her fall face first into the dirt. Her forehead scraped against a jagged host of pebbles painfully, although at this point it felt like a mosquito bite by comparison. She willed herself to roll over at roughly the speed of molasses, at which point Alex charitably grabbed her shoulder and helped her to roll all the way. From her view, he was framed by the orange streetlamp like a demon of some kind, his icy eyes making his appearance quite jarring for someone in her current state of mind. He descended towards her. \"Come little sister, where's thy sarky goloss, now?\" He growled, grabbing her by the collar and drawing her closer. He slapped her again for good measure. She struggled to gather her bearings once more as his hand drew back again. Another slap. \"Quite done skazatting, then, right right?\" Slap. The only image that anchored her was the hypnotic bob of his Adam's apple. A little more power… and I can… Another slap, far more powerful than the previous dozen. That was it. She punched him in the throat with everything she had left. He in turn gripped her by her own throat after spluttering momentarily, shaking her and slapping her senseless. The darkness was starting to creep up gradually from the corners of her eyes; each hit was like a manic drumroll on her being. Stay awake… Once he seemed quite sure that she wouldn't strike back again, he softly let go of her collar and let her rest against the street. He panted heavily; the last thing she saw was a perfectly devious smile manifesting itself on his smug face. \"A bolshy mistake, Ira.\" She fainted. ... Not the most fortuitous of times to faint, is it? This chapter was originally gonna be part of what is now chapter 8, but I kinda wanted to make the chapter length a little more even. Oh well. As a side note with regards to Don Giovanni, the truth of what initially happened to Donna Anna has always been kind of open ended and varies depending on how a particular theater chooses to stage it. I personally see Donna Anna as one of the very first modern heroines of her time, especially in an opera. I know that many people believe that Donna Anna has some sort of secret thing for Don Giovanni, but seeing as he murdered her father and (this can vary depending on the stage choice) pretty much raped/attempted to rape her, I never quite got that vibe. But who knows. Until Chapter 8!~[Chapter 8] The ocean breeze swept all around them as the sand filled the spaces between her toes. They were pinching at whatever shells there were to be found. She looked up suddenly through the glare of the sun, little nose crinkling as she squinted for any sign of her uncle. She saw him casting his disapproving gaze on her for messing about, however warranted she was for doing so as a child. She sheepishly scuttled over in an attempt to keep up the pace. The bright orange plastic of the radio shone brilliantly as it swung within her uncle's grasp in perfect sync with his measured steps. As a wealthy, self-proclaimed intellectual, she had believed that this was about the only interesting thing about her uncle. He would ignore her, otherwise; it was the only thing that allowed them to bond mutually, it seemed. The minute they found a place to settle along the beach, he would set up his chair and flip the dial to a separate universe where everything from snooty old harpsichords to wailing sopranos could exist in harmony. As she plopped down on the sand, a symphony was already crackling over the little speakers. It didn't sound too awfully different, at first, but her childish ears were inclined to listen a bit further. It sounded quite odd, unlike anything she had ever heard before. A white gull interrupted and she was soon reminded of the matter at hand. She let her pail and shovel lay in the sand as she submitted to the call of the ocean. She couldn't go too deep, of course. Her uncle had gruffly told her to be mindful. Of course, every grownup and child has their lapses in mindfulness. She had no idea of the sea's treachery as it lapped at her youthful ankles… ….. The slide from warm fabric to cold fabric under her body gradually warmed her to a state of semi-consciousness. She sighed. Good lord, it was all a stupid dream. … Wait. She jolted awake, cringing in pain when her arm seemed to twist against an invisible force. Her eyes remained half lidded as she slowly resettled her self on whatever material she was laying on to gather her bearings. She clutched experimentally to find that whatever it was, it wasn't any sort of fabric that she had ever had. It almost seemed to poke into her back… Her eyes opened fully to what was about the strangest looking room she had ever seen in her entire life, spare the entire Korova experience. She looked around slowly. One of the first things she noticed was an insanely impressive wall of speakers. There were over twenty in total- to have even one would be a luxury, especially for one of her financial means. She laid there in complete awe. Below that was a mess of tapes, albums, and a relatively new and expensive looking typewriter snugly surrounding yet another expensive looking record player? It looked like heaven. Perhaps she had died. Her awe, of course, was short lived as she gazed into the long mirror that stretched itself before her. She almost totally ignored her bruised self and laid eyes on a most offensive statuette of what looked like four naked Christs, above which sat an equally offensive picture of a naked woman with her… legs… She noticed through her profuse blushing that there was also a branch just below, and she noted with curiosity that it almost looked like a canary or some such animal was supposed to be perching on it. She wondered what that could possibly be. She got her answer when she felt a rather dry and scaly presence moving about her ankle. \"Ah. Ahhh.\" Her mouth opened and closed, eyes bulging rather like a fish drowning in air. Her gaze shifted downwards ever so slowly to rest on the sight of a rather large python that was contentedly curling itself on her person. It looked up at her with inquisitive eyes- about as inquisitive as snake eyes could get, she supposed- and flicked its forked tongue at her. For whatever odd reason, this motion put her slightly more at ease. It was as if the thing was saying, why panic? Looking at it further, she realized that it had lovely markings. Intricate zig zags and speckles looked as if they had been painted on, defined by earthy tones and shiny scales. Still, she didn't quite like that look it gave her just now. It wasn't malicious, no; it was more like it knew something. The soft click of a doorknob turning was all it took to launch her face first from her semi-delirious musings into a brick wall of perspective. Fight. Knife. Alex. Punch. Gooly. \"Hi Hi Hi there.\" Her attention snapped to her wrist. Her heart sank, dropped out of her chest, and plummeted straight down to the center of the earth when she realized that it was secured to a heavy looking blue dresser. Her eyes followed straight up to what looked like a very gaunt and deathly depiction of Beethoven. Quite reluctantly, she shifted her focus to the villain who was currently leaning on the doorframe. He didn't look at all like the raging maniac that was bashing her head in just… how long had it been?... well, what seemed like moments ago. He looked quite composed, now, a glass of water casually resting in his fingers. No false eyelash. No derby. A calm and pleasant smile was on his face. His eyes, even as they bore into her now, had yet to betray any specific intention. The intent however, was definitely there. And she didn't have to think too hard at what it might be. He strolled over to her, taking lazy but highly pronounced steps, and stopped a few inches from her side. She found herself twisting as far away as possible. She wrenched her eyes shut, only to open them wide when his hand was suddenly making contact with her leg, gliding along quite smoothly, resting momentarily to trace the bone of her ankle with his thumb. He untangled the scaly creature and let it slither back onto his own arm. He smoothed it quite lovingly, or at least it was the closest thing to loving for someone like him. She heard a drawer open somewhere just below her, and as soon as he deposited the creature with care he shut it quite suddenly, causing her to flinch. He looked up at her, the fiendish glint in his eye more apparent up close. \"Is malenky Ira all right and well in her malenky gulliver?\" he spoke, addressing her like a child. He knocked lightly on her forehead. She only glared back at him. He maintained the pleasant smile as if he had been anticipating this kind of reaction. He continued, \"Uncle was quite poogly for a moment, because Itty bitty Ira looked as if she were going to snuff it.\" \"I seriously doubt that.\" She muttered bitterly. She stiffened at her mistake of speaking out loud as his grin widened. \"Sladky Ira doubts Uncle's sincerity, after he so kindly sobiratted her and carried her back to his domy?\" He asked, \"Even when he could have easily left poor malenky Ira in the merzky, merzky street?\" \"You should have…\" she sighed hopelessly. Her voice was almost inaudible, but it picked up on his ears all the same. He stared back at her with a funny look in his eyes. A snug pause nestled between them. \"Appy polly loggies then, dearest Ira.\" he smiled, rising up and pacing over to a mess of tapes that lay sprawled in front of the mirror. He proceeded to pick through them meticulously as she looked on. She cleared her throat and gave a frustrated tug at the bonds on her wrists. \"Look, you don't have to drag this out. I know what you're doing.\" She said, swallowing as she struggled to remain calm. Talking in third person like she was some kind of idiot. He turned only slightly to face her. \"Do you?\" She withdrew at the suddenly cold, taunting tone of his voice. It may have been a question, but it was unmistakably voiced as a threat. He turned to face her fully. His hand now rested on an object that she recognized, with a twist in her stomach, to be her switchblade. He tapped a finger on it thoughtfully; he was clearly contemplating something. He snatched it up into his fingers and then quite casually pushed a tape into the expensive player right next to it. He dropped his arm back to his side, slowly, still clutching the blade. Then, in a torturously languid movement, he brought his hands up to his collar and began unbuttoning. The weight of the otherwise harmless action hit Ira like a truck. This was really happening. He was really going to go through with it, the son of a bitch. She wriggled against the bonds for the umpteenth time, but to no avail. Everywhere she looked seemed like a dead end. The walls themselves seemed to be closing in on her. The sound of his footsteps on the floor pounded in her ears relentlessly as the low notes of what sounded like a symphony began to creep across the air from the speakers. Get a grip. Get a grip, or else he's going to get everything he wants from you. The shadow cast over her intensified under the peculiar single bulb that was mounted just above her head on an imposing chrome disk. She avoided looking up at all costs; the shadow moved off towards the end of the bed. It was likely that her heart was going to jump out of her very chest and abandon her at this rate. Her stomach wasn't too far behind. It only intensified when she felt a depression on either side of her knees, one following neatly after the other. She wouldn't look. Or maybe she just couldn't look. Two more sinking movements on either side of her shoulders. She didn't move so much as a finger. A feeling of intense nausea was blooming in her stomach as the notes from the wretched machine grew more complex and threatening. Flitting about her ears like she was really at a ballet, and not about to… She wondered briefly whether or not she could pull hard enough on her wrist in order to topple the damned blue dresser and kill them both, or at least herself, before he could… It was an irrational thought and at best she would be able to shake it. The gaunt picture of Beethoven haunted her all the while as warmth crept closer to her, accompanied by breathing. She felt a peculiar pull on the fabric just over her breast and realized just what was going on at the sound of a sleek tear. Her stomach twisted as she felt the coldness of the room meet her exposed skin, the only sounds being more tears and terrible, terrible music. She paled considerably when she realized just what music it was… She would just take a little swim. Sandcastles really weren't as fun for her as they used to be, and the sand was not to her liking for building anything constructive as it was. She looked over her shoulder at her uncle, who was busily reading a newspaper and not paying any sort of attention to her whatsoever. She waded in a bit further as the radio played on with the curious symphony. 'I wonder what Uncle was fussing about,' she thought, wiggling her toes on the murky, sandy bottom, 'This doesn't seem dangerous at all.' It was then that she was swept away. She gripped her composure for dear life as more of her torso became exposed, the traitorous knife wandering to her sleeves and making short work of them. Can't breathe. Tearing. Music. Get a grip. Keep the grip. A rip tide had snatched her from the shore, with hardly anyone around to notice that she was indeed missing, the smell of the sea strangling her nostrils… Music, Music, Music. Tearing. Ruin. She winced when she felt her modest bra being pulled similarly, to the point where it should have just split, when a swift cut completely uncovered her chest. The only thing she could hear over the roar of the waves and her desperate gulps of air was the dim boom of the ninth over her Uncle's radio. She was determined not to drown; her tiny hands flailed to find a grip, her mouth open in a scream. She wouldn't drown. She won't drown. I won't drown. She swallowed and wriggled slightly, fighting a bizarre battle between stoicism and complete terror. Beethoven. Of all the blasted things to be playing, it was Beethoven. She hadn't listened to Beethoven since she was about 10 years old, instead hiding in the relative safety of Mozart, and it was a personal policy of hers to avoid him at all costs. The second movement of the ninth raged on vengefully as she tried to hold on to her senses. Okay, so I'm not going anywhere. She thought, her breathing picking up speed, He's definitely not going anywhere. Oh God. Stay calm. What do I do? Nothing? Just let him go at it so this can all be over? As much as she may have wanted it to be over, she resisted quite violently when she felt the dense fabric of her pants sliding downwards. She wanted it to be over, but she absolutely did not want it to begin. A vague flame of something that resembled hope lit in her chest when she felt him pause, most likely because he had discovered the second pair of pants she was still wearing. Every hair on her neck stood up when she heard two long, lazy tears. So much for that. She wasn't sure if she had ever felt quite so helpless, infuriated, and humiliated in all of her short life. The air circulating through the room mingled against her now totally exposed skin along with his unbearable heat- she wished that she could just pass out again. Instead, she was more alert than ever. Oh murder, oh heaven… This is it, Her brow too cold and terrified to even sweat a little, The best thing I can do… is… Her body went rigid at the sudden tug at the mask that still covered her face. She wrenched her eyes shut as the cool plastic went up and over her tufted forehead, elastic tickling at her ears. There was a pause. Silence. \"I messeled I had viddied thy litso before, little sister.\" In what seemed like the slowest movement she ever made, she forced herself to open her eyes. His total nudity instantly startled her, needless to say, and he seemed to be looking at her with a suddenly different look in his eyes, light colored locks hanging towards her as he stared her down without so much as a leer. \"Why were thou going to help that stinking, oohassny Billygoat last nochy?\" he asked. His disposition was fairly serious. Curious, even. She looked up at him, taken aback by the sudden question and momentarily losing her will to keep a stiff upper lip. Her eyes widened. She cringed at the sudden sound of kicks and moans, and quickened her pace. Her explanation for her mum was growing a sentence longer with each step she took. \"That was you?\" She asked, eyes unblinking as she shook her head in disbelief, \"I-I don't suppose you had any hand in what happened to him before I happened upon him?\" At this, he only smirked and smugly folded his arms over her chest. He rewarded her profuse blushing with a half lidded stare. \"And if I did, o bolshy and bog-fearing little sister?\" he replied in a pleasant, low voice, letting his full weight settle on top of her with a sort of sinister emphasis. She almost couldn't breathe. Just as she found a position to support herself, he gave one of her bare peaks a rather painful pinch. His patient, mocking expression turned contemptuous. \"Uncle is waiting for your answer.\" \"Because… it's the right thing to do, I think.\" She said uncertainly, \"He was hurt. I couldn't have walked off with a good conscience. What on earth was I supposed to do?\" \"'Conscience,' sladky Ira? I'm messeling that thou already ponies what happens when one fillies with such a vesche.\" He drawled, propping up his chin with a fist. His elbow dug into her rib painfully. \"It's something you could benefit from, I'm sure.\" She said. She looked him straight in the eye and fixed him with the best stoic glare she could muster, heart beating wildly, \"I know what happens to Donna Anna, Alex… but do you know what happens to Don Giovanni?\" At this point he suddenly burst out laughing, quashing the tiny spark in her and replacing it with a sense of unease. He wiped his eyes in a mocking gesture and drew even closer to her. A most unsettling grin from him and low chuckle was all it took to snap her out of her miniature soap opera as he looked back with piercing eyes. \"I do, my lovely.\" He said. \"Then… then why are you doing this?\" She asked. It wasn't a fearful question, or even a disgusted one. It was a question of genuine curiosity. He stared at her in silence, his smirk dimming ever so slightly. The look on his face was light and childish as the music in the background played on. He drew in a light breath, unblinking as ever. \"If that were me lying in the street last nochy…\" he said, voice smooth and seemingly unconcerned, \"Would thou have helped me?\" It was her turn to draw in a startled breath as another presence grew a bit more pronounced towards her lower half. She shifted uncomfortably and fought the urge to turn her head and scream as he weaved his spidery fingers into her dark hair, his face still placid and inquisitive despite the demanding little spark in his eyes. \"Would thou have given Uncle a hand?\" he asked, pulling gently at the strands. She stared back at him, heart about humming at the moment. It didn't slow much as she held his gaze, thinking upon the question in silence. Seconds ticked on like hours as his scrutiny practically seared her. \"I…I don't know.\" She said, finally. He contemplated her in absolute silence for what could have been years. His blue eyes had cooled. There was no tug at either corner of his mouth. Yet, he didn't seem entirely displeased. In a swift and silent motion, he got up, one leg following after the other. \"What are you doing?\" she asked, turning her head sharply. Oh God. She had done it now. He stalked over towards the door, reached out… and flipped the switch, leaving her in total darkness. Her heart pounded as she heard his footsteps shuffling across the floor. She jolted as the covering underneath her was dragged out and replaced with uncomfortably cold sheets. The bed sank again without warning as she could make out in the darkness what looked like some great black hood fanning out and descending on her. It was only the blanket. The familiar warmth met first with her legs, then her waist, and then her breasts as Alex settled against her, searching for a comfortable position in the arrogant and satisfied manner of a cat. She couldn't help but give a small cry of alarm as his arms encircled her, one arm settled embarrassingly across her chest and one lying just below. Her face was suddenly buried in the heat of his neck as his chin rested on top of her head. She braced herself for her humiliation and ultimate demise; when no such thing came, she was left to wander in her thoughts. She was all alone, even though this was the closest she had ever been to any human being, let alone a boy. Perhaps the most fascinating and disturbing thing of all, she noted as she lay there trapped in his arms, was the rather prominent sound of his heartbeat. Although she could hear it clear as anything with her ear pressed towards his chest, she could hardly believe it was there. Alex just didn't seem the type. Not the human type, anyway. She waited for him to break the act, to sneer at her and ravish her, to say something… but nothing came. The only sound in the dark room was the faint crackle of the player. The tape had ended. She fainted for the second time that night. ... Oh boy. There's gotta be at least like, 4 alternative endings I had in mind for this chapter. It was pretty maddening. Re writing is a messy thing. But it was an adventure, nonetheless. I don't know if it was pleasant or unpleasant, or perhaps both at the same time, but it was an adventure. Whooooooo boy. ","Summary":" Hallo, this is my first story on this website and… uh, I apologize in advance if it sucks, but I ha"},{"Movie":"Beetlejuice","Title":"Thine the Key to My Heart","Author":"AranellAeariel","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11199240","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Author's note: I do not own Beetlejuice or any of the recognizable characters. All credits and rights to original and legal owners. Please review, favorite, and follow, as it means EVERYTHING to me! Prologue, In These Years, In This Heart \"Happy birthday, Lydia dear,\" Arthur smiled as he laid a gentle peck against the soft skin of her pallid cheek. She smiled meekly, fatigued by the mere idea of growing any older. \"Thank you, Arthur.\" She responded, her voice dry and void of any real emotions. She had just turned 26, according to the codes of the earth. The world had gone one full trip around the bright star, and she had seen another year whither away like petals on a dying rose. It wasn't that Arthur made her unhappy on this day, no, nor that he did not bring her any form of joy. It was that there was a vastly disconsolate and morose fraction of her heart that could not be filled. It was a locked piece, and the key had long since been lost in the tangled claws of her desires and sadness. However, there was a skeleton key. Somewhere, past the great known and unknown alike, past the doors of both life and death, and far beyond the reaches of space, was a man. He was by no means a gorgeous being, nothing glamorous about the way he appeared, and by no ones standards was he desirable. He was crude, vicious, vile, coldhearted, impertinent, bawdy, and in all ways brash. He was caked in years of filth and dross, and he delighted in the feeling of an animated roach slithering across his anemic flesh. The black and white stripes of his threadbare and hoary trousers scarcely covered his spindly ankles and lanky calves. His shape was nothing to behold, he was rotund around the area of his waist, a pale, somewhat fuzzy stomach, and he was, as a whole, rather dumpy. His flamboyantly colored violet shirt and tastefully striped waistcoat and tie did nothing to hide the gut he himself had no shame for. Despite that, he had led Lydia through the greatest years of her life. He had grabbed her hand and whisked her away to a place, to a time, to a life she had never before fathomed. He risked her life, and his eternal afterlife, to cavort around the Neitherworld like a king amongst men, with her at his side, and adventures to be braved laid plain before them. His name was Betelgeuse, and Lydia had let him consume her soul, let him take over any sliver of reason that she possessed. And she loved him.[Chapter 2] Author's note: I don't own Beetlejuice or any of its characters. Off to a good start! This is an older piece I'm just now publishing, so the style is a little different. Please continue to follow, favourite, and review! Thanks so much! Chapter 1, The Sun Rises in the Neitherworld He didn't know, nor did he want to know, how long it had been since he had seen, or even heard the voice of Lydia Deetz Shuckler. It had been before her wedding, he knew, but he was still uncertain as to how many years had shed since then. He remembered seeing her the night before the wedding, her lustrous raven hair swept into a clinched braid at the back of her head, slung carelessly over her shoulder and constantly under the attack of her tapered fingers as she paced back and forth in front of the mirror. \" Beej, what if I'm not ready for this? What if HE'S not ready for this? What if one of us faints up there, or what if my dress catches on a cand-\" she had begun to worry aloud when Betelgeuse held up a hand to silence her troubles. Although he had said nothing, the knot that had formed in the pit of her stomach had loosened into a free flurry of butterflies. \" Babes. Listen to me. You and…. whats-his-face are gonna get hitched tomorrow. Ya hear? And even though it kills me… again,\" his face was morose, and he felt no need to pitch to her a comedic gag, \"you're gonna walk down that isle and be the most beautiful damn woman in the world. You'll be fine Lyds. You always have been, haven't ya?\" When the sun had risen the next morning, she was wide awake, chocolate eyes grappling blindly, as if trying to see the answer through the ceiling itself. And by the moment the moon had hiked into the inky blackness of a star smattered night, she had said her vows and was bound to another man, leaving Betelgeuse to lay in the rest of his eternity with a set uncertainty and loss that could never be mended. Betelgeuse stumbled out of the restricting coffin he had slept in, running a quivering hand through the green-blonde mass of hair. He knew he looked like a certain wreck, and at this moment, he had no care. There was no woman he was looking to impress, none that mattered, and he had no drive, no need, no will to leave the roadhouse. He had barricaded himself inside; he had shut the doors as a final sign of his resignation into emptiness. He drank himself into a constant stupor, cursing and howling at the tenants of the roadhouse who cowered back into their rooms as he stumbled through. Jacques and Ginger had discussed in hushed whispers the consequences of Betelgeuse's habit, but they could find no way to take the alcohol from him. He had lost all that mattered to him; Lydia. He was appalled to discover that the face of the woman he loved most had faded, blended, bled into those of the hundreds of other women he had known in his life. He racked his brain, he cursed himself as he pounded his fists to his head, but still, could not remember the luster of Lydia's endlessly glimmering eyes, or the gentle freckles that danced across her skin, so barely visible, but so charmingly existent. To hell with it! He thought bitterly. He had lost her already, now it was time for the rest of him to accept it. He had lost her to the timid, weak man with an eye for the bizarre. He was the opposite of Betelgeuse himself, but he was a living, breathing man, and he would not oppress Lydia's life. The choice was so clear that it was almost a relief when Betelgeuse had discovered the decision. His hands were trembling as he parted the closed cabinet doors. He groped around until his hands came in contact with the deliciously smooth neck of a bottle of an amber drink. He ripped it from the shadowy regions of the cupboard, cracking the stopper as he threw it to the ground. He tipped the crystal vassal to his lips, drinking deeply like a man stranded. He parted from the drink, dragging the back of his wintry hand across his fractured lips. Jacques, who had been standing in the living-dead room like a sentry, spoke up, a quiver in his usually amiable voice. \"Look, Betelgeuse. The sun is just rising,\" he smiled thinly at his companion, hoping with just a small piece of himself that the man would simply smile back and set down the bottle. \"So it is,\" he mumbled, squinting at the glowing orb out the only window that had yet to be blockaded by thick black curtains. And without him knowing, he and Lydia had been looking at the same sun at that very same moment.[Chapter 3] Author's note: I do not own Beetlejuice or any of the recognizable characters. All credits and rights to original and legal owners. Please review, favorite, and follow, as it means EVERYTHING to me! Chapter 2, A Thousand Doors and One Single Key \"Lydia, dear, we're going to be late! Please, hurry up!\" Arthur called demurely. Although his concern for tardiness dogged him extensively, he was frightened more of even a single brawl arising from his timid shouts. \"I know Arthur, I'm coming.\" She huffed, head hung as she snapped a silver earring into place on her ear. The spiders hung low, dancing across her shoulders tenderly, kissing the shimmering fabric of her dress as they spilled from her ears. \"Lydia, dear, you look stunning…\" Arthur vocalized, overtaken by pure awe. Her slender waist was embraced by a cascading onyx dress that pooled at her feet gently like a splotch of ink on snowy white parchment. A pair of satiny, ivory bands framed her shoulders prettily, and her pleasant bust was cradled by a coal whisper of fabric that tumbled down to the belt that met her hips flatteringly. Her ruby smile was mischievous, and her umber eyes smoldered beneath luxuriant black lashes. \"Thank you, Arthur,\" her eyes bled the coyness she displayed on her blood red lips. \"Now. We have somewhere to be, now don't we?\" She cradled a small clutch against her side with a careful grasp. \"Of course.\" His smile was docile as he offered her his arm to grasp as they exited the house, feeling like a king and queen of a quivering world, unprepared for their grace. Since the day Lydia had been married, her own private world was a flurry, a frenzy of hope and overwhelming despair alike, darkness and light, evil and pure, unrelenting goodness. Her essence was at war, her whole being was waging a battle against the dual half. Although she was not known to be a milquetoast person, she felt as if she had become introverted and pliable, more so than she had ever been. As she slid into the sleek car with Arthur beside her, she could not suppress the desire to call upon the one person who would give her life that simple spark of life she had been craving since the very first day he left. The event itself was a tireless charade. The gallery was lovely, drenched in a myriad of tastefully unique pictures, and equally unique photographers. She shook hands with those who mattered, smiled politely at all the appropriate intervals, and laughed with a golden echo at all the perfect moments. To a stranger, it would appear that Lydia Shuckler was living the life she had always dreamed of, but deep inside, her whole spirit was yearning for the life she had abandoned the moment she allowed Arthur into her life. \"Did you see that lovely photo that Jean Cladhaire took? The lighting was superb\" Arthur crowned, praising the woman who was so commonly apprehensive, save for her photography. She nodded, although she would not bring herself to admit to her husband that she was uninterested with the topic of choice. On another day, she might agree with him, concede that indeed, Jean's photographs were superior in the choice of lighting, and the style of contrasting shadows and natural light were her signature, but she had no motivation to. Not tonight, not this day. Her thoughts meandered about the recesses of her brain, at odd moments, bringing old retrospections back to the surface of her conscious mind. When was the last time she had thought about the night prior to her wedding? She could scarcely remember the face that pacified the whirlwind of emotions that savaged her the night before she said her vows. She knew it was… Betelgeuse, but his face could not be recalled whatsoever. Her whole life had been a series of doors, thousands and thousands of doors, and thousands and thousands of keys to match. But there was one key, the skeleton key, that had opened all of them for her, granted her purchase of this unending corridor of decisions. However badly she would want to re-open these doors, to revisit and reminisce on the adventures in days since passed, she could not open them, could not manage to pry them open without the key. And the key, the only key, was lost.[Chapter 4] Author's note: I do not own Beetlejuice or any of the recognizable characters. All credits and rights to original and legal owners. Please review, favorite, and follow, as it means EVERYTHING to me! Thank you to everyone who encouraged me to keep this up, I love hearing all the kind words. Chapter 3, It Ends Tonight Six years. Six silent, damnable years spent wallowing in self-pity and alcohol. Countless nights spent drowning his woes in bottle after bottle, can after can, case after case of more drinks than even he himself knew what to do with. He could recall now, recall every day since the day she had been given to another man in another world. Tonight was an especially harrowing night for him. Six years ago, six long, curbed years without a single word from Lydia, not a single visit, not a single beckoning, not even a glimpse at the portal to his world from hers. She had faded away, she was the night before the wedding, and when daylight stole the darkness away, Arthur stole Lydia from him. Day relented, however, unlike Arthur. He never got her back, staring at the Neitherworld night with worn, dismal eyes, praying that when he awoke, it would be the way it was, with Lydia still in the process of blossoming into a true woman. In the corners of his mind, he speculated that Arthur, tedious, monotonous, stodgy, Arthur, would hold fast to Lydia, professing love and swearing it to her in infinite ways, more ways than he could ever even fathom. His heart was a maelstrom, his perceptions drudging through a horrendous and relentless attack. What then could he do? Lydia had managed to glissade through his fingers, like sand dragged back by the unending tide, and before he knew it, she was gone. Even the deepest, most sanctified recesses of his mind were consumed by the image of Lydia enthralled by the affection showered unto him by her husband, reclining in his arms, breathing languid as she drifted off to sleep in his embrace. \"What a prick.\" He muttered, taking a long, thoughtful swig from the bottle he clenched rigidly in his grimy hand. Straggling into the kitchen, he found this journey to be aimless, as he needed nothing. The bottle of lager in his grasp was still at a generous amount, and he had no need to divulge in food. Ginger had found herself sedentary in the corner of the kitchen, setting down a cup as her roommate had padded into the room. \"Hello, Betelgeuse. What are you doin' in here?\" Her voice was a soaring, pleasant clarion trill, which contrasted with the abrasive, low rumble of his own. \"Nothin'. Lookin' for somethin' to eat.\" He murmured, his lie as undeniable as a truth, and he browsed the cabinets blindly. \"Betelgeuse, you haven't eaten in six years.\" Ginger countered shyly. Her voice was flat, although held true, more so than he had hoped. As much as he despised the petite, pink arachnid, he knew she was the only one aside from Lydia who could decipher his lies against his truth. \"It's Lydia's anniversary, isn't it.\" She whispered in acute realization. It had not occurred to her until now how trying this annual even was to him. \"Six damn years.\" He seethed, casting his glance back down at the glass bottle still within his grasp. \"Betelgeuse, when was the last time you tried to visit her?\" She instituted gently. This was a challenge she knew he had considered before, but she also was fully aware that he had never done it successfully. \"Damn it, Ginger. Why would I visit her on her anniversary? She's prob'ly all wrapped up in Arnold or whatever the hell his name was.\" He asserted dolefully. \"Arthur.\" Ginger corrected monotonously. \"And anyway, believe it or not, you were her friend. It might be nice to see you, even six years later.\" She disclosed dryly, turning to patter away. \"But no matter what, Betelgeuse, all this sulking, this drinking, this whining and horrendous self pity? It ends tonight.\" She affirmed, exiting the room. \"It ends tonight…\" He reiterated, his echo hanging limply in the air of the now abandoned kitchen.[Chapter 5] Author's note: I do not own Beetlejuice or any of the recognizable characters. All credits and rights to original and legal owners. Please review, favorite, and follow, as it means EVERYTHING to me! I'll be uploading several chapters tonight, and a very warm thanks to everyone who encouraged this story onwards. Chapter 4, Breaking the Silence This anniversary was nothing special to Lydia. Another charade, another façade, and another night pretending she was so wholeheartedly in love with the blase man she had taken as her husband. She could not say she didn't love him, for she did with a fair percentage of her heart, but the rest of her remained shallowly pretending she cared far more than she could confess that did. \"Happy anniversary, Lydia, my love.\" Arthur's voice was raucous, and his inebriated tone suggested he had done far more celebrating than she had. His trembling hands managed to transfer a pristinely wrapped box to hers, and the flaky smile upon his lips proposed that this present was one he himself would enjoy lavishing someone with, but not necessarily something that Lydia would enjoy. She opened the box, taking advantage of her quick, tapered fingers to peel back the wrapper without ripping it. Inside perched a fresh, glossy, digital camera. Based on the sleek, intuitive design and shape, she knew this would leave a fair dent in Arthur's wallet. Smiling civilly, she glanced back at him, who continued to smile dopily. \"Thank you Arthur, it's lovely.\" She entreated sweetly. She felt embittered by her own lie, but she knew this was not something she had needed. She was still very much in love with the Polaroid camera she had received as a cold bribe from Delia eleven years ago when she had been informed they were to be moving into a small town in Winter River, Connecticut. It was the camera that had allowed her to first encounter the Maitlands, her dear friends Adam and Barbara, and eventually, her closest friend she had ever known, Betelgeuse. She felt the griping squall of anguish as she thought of the old Poltergeist who had been the zenith of her teenage years, and she despaired to think of her young life without his ridiculous antics. She had missed him before, and had often times found her lips to form his name, but never dared beseech the specter. This night, however, this night that most couples revered and worshiped, viewing it as the most perfect of opportunities to rekindle the flame of their marriage, was often the night she missed him most. She could nearly hear him taunt such a superfluous celebration such as this, badgering her on how a night such as this was simply an excuse for frivolous gifts and sex. She would not and could not disagree, but there was something else his description was missing. It was a time of loneliness, to reflect on all the flaws and imperfections of a marriage that six years ago would have seemed ideal. Lydia took a moment to gander back at her husband, who was now sprawled across the dining room table, dragged deep into his stupor. She let out an exasperated sigh as she ushered him to sit up at least straight enough that his face was not rooted in the meal she had thrown together only an hour before. \"Damn you, Arthur.\" Her whispered cry of despair was uncharacteristic of her reclusive display of emotions. For once in her life, she loathed the man she loved more often than not. Her sheer hatred for him and his closet alcoholism had pushed her to feel nothing but pure acrimony for this man. As she withdrew from the room, she felt the first tears descend from her reddening eyes. She did little to fight them this time, though she would usually obliterate them with the side of her thumb dragged roughly across the expanse of her eye. Her feet carried her up the narrow staircase, the ones she had seen Otho tumble down by the workings of Betelgeuse so many years ago, the ones that had held her as she screeched and hollered at Delia in the most vile of rows, the ones that had seated her the night she felt her first wave of re-evaluation towards the subject of her imminent marriage. She stood atop the landing like Juliet upon her balcony, this time, however, praying that her gentle lover would not be standing below. The door to her room thudded shut before she even conceived the endeavor to. Her bed arrested her as she flung herself upon it with no real care. She craned her neck from her spot on the plush monstrosity of pillows and down to see the oblong mirror that had been in her possession since she was a young girl. The feeling that overcame her was something miraculously inexplicable. It was a sudden brash boldness that grasped her from her very core, a desire to be rebel against all that her heart had warned her of and sworn off nearly six years ago. The same delicate, alabaster feet that had given her purchase as she thundered up the staircase now transported her to stand before the reflective surface of the aged mirror. The name of her lost companion was so deliciously close to being freed from her throat, she could almost taste his name on her lips. She was, at last, collapsing the walls she had created, breaking the silence that had hung between them for far too long. Betelgeuse. Betelgeuse. Betelgeuse.[Chapter 6] His whole world had erupted in tremors as he felt himself start to fade in an eerily familiar way. His first and only thought was in the direction of the raven-haired woman he had known so many years ago. But it couldn't be. Lydia had forgotten about him, surely she hadn't summoned him? Tonight of all nights? His mind reeled and raced faster than he had ever known it to. He scarcely had time to consider anything but as he had found himself materializing in a bedroom that struck a chord of remembrance somewhere deep in the catacombs of his memories. And there, before him, standing plain as death, was a woman with beauteous, darling jet hair that curled charmingly at the end, ringlets of shimmering charcoal, and somber hazel eyes that seemed to know every inch of his soul. \"Betelgeuse?\" Her voice jumped an octave as the ghoul arose before her. She could not contain the emotions that overcame her as she laid eyes on him. \"Oh my god… it's you.\" Her voice faltered as she spoke to him. Tears trickled from the cracks in her words and from her eyes, and she felt them well up in the deepest chasm of her heart. He was there. He was right there, just a breath away. The unsightly stripes of his suit seemed to have been faded, eaten away by every passing day. His face was gaunt, the dark coloration around his eyes seemed to have immersed into the coloration of the rest of his blanched face. Something about him seemed gone, like an abandoned building. The structure remained, but it was hollow. \"It's you…\" She repeated, this time throwing her arms around his neck. He smelled of alcohol, but only faintly, as if it were the undertone in the bizarre cologne of his scent. He, on the other hand, had no idea, and could not possibly begin to fathom how to respond. Six years of nothing, six years of listless waiting, six years of agony and drunken evenings wishing that it had been him who had vowed his eternal, undying love for her. And every fiber of his very being wanted to lash out, to shriek his unmitigated chagrin towards her, yet at her touch, he collapsed limply, entirely spineless and at the mercy of her touch. \"L-Lyds… S'that you?\" His gruff, low voice trembled as he spoke, \"Where the hell have you been, Lyds?\" He demanded, although his voice refused him the anger he desperately tried to convey. \"I'm sorry, Beej. I'm so sorry,\" She whispered through her veil of tears. Simply seeing her in this state, this innocent, vulnerable state of raw emotion, and he knew nothing in him allowed him to fuel the fire of resentment he knew was burning him alive \"Six years. Six fuckin' years, Lyds…\" His speech was vehement, but thawed. His words were bated, the hatred in his voice obscured by every other dazzling emotion he perceived. His arms found their own way around the curve of her waist, ensnaring her in a tender embrace that spoke all the words he could not express to her. He allowed his eyes to slant shut, turning off his sight for just a moment. This couldn't possibly be real. It was her anniversary, wasn't it? Why, why then would she beckon him to her side, embrace him like not a single day had passed in his absence? Though this notion to him seemed like the only logical solution to the apparent illusion, it terrified him to consider it to only be the workings of his mind. It frightened him to think that as soon as he freed his sight, the woman would have evaporated, the walls of her bedroom melting into his own, and he would be left with nothing but the memory of a dream he'd had, in which he clutched her to his chest as she apologized over and over. Still thoroughly hesitant and albeit, still entirely daunted, he allowed himself to once more look at the world around him. To his heart's unending joy, Lydia was still there, still in his arms, entwined with him just as she had been as he silenced the fears of her vows, and her features were nestled in the crook of his neck. / She felt him stir just slightly enough to catch her attention, and gazed up at the specter. \"BJ…\" her face inclined so that her eyes were slated up towards his own. In that moment he took advantage of the position to canvas her face, now painted with subtle changes. Her lidded brown eyes seemed to glimmer dully now, the mischief in them annihilated by the days that had dragged on with her in their wake. Her cheekbones were now sharper, and there something about them that lended to her feminine allure. Her lips, caught in an incessant, taunting pout, were sated in a rich garnet. Age had stolen away the childish figure she carried even into her adulthood, but now, her hips were widened, her feminine curves hugged by the clothing she bore, her waist nipped pleasantly, and her legs longer, sleeker, more slender. She had lost the near masculine shape of her body, as if someone had stolen her head and given it to that of a goddess. \"Lyds…. Lydia.\" He echoed her name, looking at her with bereaved eyes. What could he say to her? What could he possibly manage to utter in his shocked, shaken, fazed, and bewildered state? The words, any words beside the chorus of her name, were dissolved on the tip of his tongue. \"Say something, Beej.\" She prompted gingerly. In her eyes, if she spoke too loud, he would crumble away, abandoning her as he had done before. \"I wish I knew what to say,\" his attempt was a breathy chuckle and nothing more, the words barely gliding out on his fragile puff of air. \"Jesus, ya done some growing.\" He noted, guiding a hand down through the air to underline his blatant point. His words, however appreciative they were, didn't cease to arouse a blush on the hollows of her pasty cheeks. \"Six years and too many places to be,\" She chortled, seaming a curl behind her ear with a virtuous glance towards the floor. \"All them places made ya look good, Lyds.\" His voice was nigh on a murmur of husky breath, and his eyes exuding more words than any he could fumble to string together. \"Beej… I…\" Her cheeks blossomed, red against creamy white, as blood on snow, blooming like ink against paper, and her eyes pooled with the frustration and sorrow and angst of more years than she ever thought she could bear. Her brows knit, as if someone had tugged a minute string to furrow them for her. Confusion, despair, despondency, listlessness, anguish, all tattooed on the look in her eyes, all oozing from her after years of desperation. \"And that, that was the over-extension. Suddenly he could no longer tolerate the near tangible tension that shrouded them. He could bear it no longer, for he had waited, hoped, prayed, for this moment with her. His gaunt hands seized the warm flesh of her face and hauled her closer. Lydia did nothing to repress the desire that she too had borne since the very night of her wedding – the crushing, irresistible desire to hold him close to her, to love him the way she had created the illusion that she loved the man downstairs. In that kiss, there was a sense that the distance, every mile she had traveled in the six years since she had last been greeted by the poltergeist, was now wrapped around them, that it had to be compensated for, that it was now a ribbon that tied the pair like the present that she had long since abandoned on the dinner table. As they halted for just a moment, she could feel the words spill from her like an open wound. \"I'm so sorry. I'm so, so sorry. I should've brought you back sooner,\" she could feel the weeping tears devastate the mascara that coated her lashes. \"Beej, I shouldn't have done it.\" \"Done what?\" \"Married him.\" ","Summary":" Author's note: I do not own Beetlejuice or any of the recognizable characters. All credits and righ"},{"Movie":"Charlie's Angels: The Movie","Title":"When Seamus met Helen","Author":"AthenBlade","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/1599558","Passage":"[Chapter 1] When Seamus met Helen It really started with a simple conversation between friends. It was allnwell meant and all in fun but it was the begging of the end for Helen Zzas. \"What do you mean I've dated ALMOST every dangerous guy in school? Inthought I HAD dated every guy in school.\" Helen said laughing at Jake'snlast remark. She was hanging out with her two best friends at their usualntable in the cafeteria. Jake was a purple haired punk friend that she hadnhad since entering the high school 2 years ago. Her other friend that wasnto busy laughing her head off to talk. She was Ann, The Auburn Goth, and anfriend since she stepped into the cafeteria on the first day of school.nThey had even met at this very table. \"Oh there's loads of bad dudes you haven't dated yet.\" Jake said taking answig off his Pepsi. \"Oh yeah name one.\" Ann said between her laughter. \"Him.\" Jake said pointing over Helen's shoulder. She turned only halfninterested. She froze taking in the sight. You know that feeling like thenworld is in slow motion and all you can see is that one guy? Yeah, likenthat. He was in the senior section of the cafeteria but he looked older, maybenheld back a year or two. He had on this skintight black Tee with AC/DC innsliver on the front. Combined with his liquid brown pants it was almostnenough to make you melt. \"Who?\" Ann asked craning to see behind her. \"O'Grady.\" Jake said nodding his head at the head of the table. \"The Irish dude? What about him?\" Ann asked looking him over. \"What did you say his name was?\" Helen asked still looking at him. \"Seamus O'Grady.\" Jake said off handedly about to continue with Ann whennHelen stood up. \"Hey what are you doing?\" Jake said alarmed standing asnwell. She didn't respond but started off in the direction of the Irishntable. Before anyone could stop her she had crossed the floor and at the table.nShe slammed her hand down on the table in front of Seamus silencing anyntalk and getting his full attention. At first he only looked at her hand,nthen his eyes rose to see her. \"Hey thar.\" He said. \"Hello yourself.\" She said with a mischievous grin. She liked the accent. \"You mind my asking what you ar' doing har?\" He asked. \"You're taking me out tomorrow.\" She informed him. A wide grin broke overnhis face as he leaded back in his seat to see her better. \"Am I now?\" He said with more warmth and amusement in his voice now. \"Yes you are.\" She said seriously. With one hand she picked up his handnand with the other she whipped out a pen from somewhere in her pants. \"Andnyou're going to pick me up here at 9.\" She said writing something on hisnhand. He looked her up and down thinking the offer over. She snapped the pen close, spun on her heel, and headed back to her table.nThis would be the first time Seamus got a look at her ass. He sat straightnup in his seat as if he'd been shot. If the lively spirit of the girl andnher full putting lips didn't do anything for him that ass sure did. Hendidn't deny it he was an ass man, and what an ass! It was like perfectionnin denim. \"Who the hell was that?\" Connor said craning his neck around to stillnwatch her. Seamus looked at his hand. \"Helen apparently.\" He said reading his hand. \"Helen Zzas.\" Angus said to Seamus. Seamus grinned. \"You're kidding.\" He has looking around him to again admire he retreatingnform. \"Nope I'm not. So what's it gonna be Seamus? Going to get a little Zzasnto tomorrow?\" Angus pressed. \"Hell yeah, I got free time.\" Seamus said easily laughing along with hisnbuddies. For Helen it was different. \"What the fuck are you thinking?\" Jake hissed at her returning to thentable. \"Dating every bad guy in school, duh.\" She said sitting down. \"Helen that guy is dangerous, really dangerous.\" Jake insisted. \"No more than any other guy.\" She replied. \"Yes more than any other guy. He's an O'Grady, as is the Irish MobnO'Grady's. You don't mess with an O'Graydee, they either get tired of younor they kill you.\" Jake said glancing at the table where they werenlaughing it up. \"Oh that's a load of bull Jake. Give me a break it's just a fucking date.\"n With this she rose from the table, grabbed her bag, and stormed out of thencafeteria. \"Why did I have to open my big mouth?\" He said to Ann. She just watchednHelen go in silence. (AN: I love the story Fasting the Past, I had the idea too and was verynhappy to see someone posted it. But it got me thinking 'How did they meetnand what happen to them to end it the way it did?' I'm trying to answernthese questions and ok I don't know how to write an Irish accent so maybenI'll stop trying. Next time their first date if I decide to keep writing.nI'm not sure if anyone likes this type of story so I may not continue withnit.)[Chapter 2] Chapter 2nThe First Date and the Day After (AN: I have given up writing an Irish ascent. That's all I have to say.) At 9:13 Seamus was parked next to the curb in front of the address Helennhad written on his hand. It was a one story Spanish styled building with angarage and a dying lawn complete with tiny gnome carrying a pick over itsnshoulder. The lights were on but the curtains were drawn and he couldn'tnhear anything over his stereo. Out of sheer boredom Seamus checked hisnappearance in the mirror. He hadn't dressed up, he never felt the need, henjust brushed his hair and brought his good jacket. He didn't think thendate would last long after this one, most of his dates never did. If henmade the first date good enough there was usually never any need. Just then he heard a door slam and returned his attention to the door ofnthe house. A head of bleached hair streaked across the lawn at a dead runntowards the car's passenger side door. Behind it the door was flung opennagain filled with the silhouette of a man. \"Get your ass back in this house now Zaas!\" The man yelled just as Helennreached his car. She leapt into the car pulling the door closed after her. \"Drive, drive, drive!\" She urged franticly. Without thinking Seamus hitnthe gas pealing out from the curb and speeding away down the street. \"You mind telling me what that was about?\" Seamus asked as they turn thencorner. She laughed toppling back into her seat in glee. \"Oh, that was great!\" She said in between laughing. \"Don't worry aboutnJim, he was just trying to throw his weigh around.\" She was still grinningnfrom ear to ear. \"OK, and Jim is who?\" Seamus asked completely confused. \"My foster dad. He's a real jackass sometimes.\" She replied. Now it madensense to him. \"You're a bit strange you know that?\" He said with a grin. \"Yeah but that's why you're here isn't it?\" She fired back. \"So where arenwe going?\" \"You'll know in 10 minutes.\" He replied. She nodded. \"Then we better have some good tunes till then.\" With that she spun thenvolume control on his radio to full blast and fell back into her seat. 10nminutes later it was Seamus that spoke first. \"Where here.\" Helen bolted upright in her seat, her mouth hanging open innstunned shock. \"You got tickets to see Bon Jovie? They've been sold out for weeks!\" Shencried turning to look at him in disbelief. \"I take it you like him then?\" Seamus asked grinning at her reaction. \"ARE YOU KIDDING ME? I LOVE HIM!\" She was bouncing in her seat with joy.nSeamus couldn't stop laughing. She looked so funny with her crimped hairnflying about her head that he almost had to pull over till he could stop.nLike a miniature miracle there was a parking spot left in the garage and henpulled in. \"Would you clam down already?\" Seamus asked through his laughing. \"This is just so great! I just can't believe it!\" Helen gasped at lastnstaying still in her seat. Seamus grinned. \"You like unexpected then?\" He asked. She laughed at that. \"HELL YES!\" She replied. \"Good.\" With that he slid one hand behind her neck pulled her into a deepnkiss. Her mouth was soft and opened to him almost the moment he touchednit. He slid his other hand over her thigh as he moved closer. She caughtnhis hand in her's, a small moan caught in her lips. Seamus shivered withnexcitement. When he pulled away her eyes opened lazily as if she was justnwaking. \"Unexpected enough for you?\" Seamus asked a mischievous grin on his face.nShe shook her head. \"Not quiet.\" She jumped out of her seat straddling his hips. Tossing backnher hair she kissed him her hands lacing through his hair. For an instantnSeamus was too shocked to do anything. Then he responded grabbing her assnand pulling her closer intensifying the kiss. When she pulled back theynwere both breathing hard. \"We're missing the show.\" She said. She popped the door open and gentlynstepped out in to the parking garage. Seamus sat there once again stunned.n He moved only his head to look at her. \"You're going to be the death of me woman.\" He said. An evil grin passednonto her face as she leaded in. \"Don't get you're hopes up next time.\" She taunted. He laughed gettingnout of his car. \"Oh yeah, my hopes. That's exactly what was up.\" He said sarcastically,nslamming his door close. He encircled one of his arms around her slimnwaist as they headed for the concert. They were both grinning and thennight was still young. ***n3 Hours Later \"That was so amazing!\" Helen cried walking back to the car after thenconcert. It had been a great date. Lots of terrific music, a perfectnview, and lots of making out in between. She felt jittery, lighter thannair, and tired out of her mind all at the same time. And all she wanted tondo right now was listen to more of that Irish ascent. \"Glad you enjoyed in then.\" He said swinging her out and then pulling hernback to him. She let go of his hand so she could put it around his waistnas they walked. He draped his arm over her rubbing her shoulder as theyncontinued on towards the car. \"This has got to be one of my best dates yet.\" She said as the approachednthe car. He squeezed her shoulder one last time before they separated tonget into the car. \"One of the best? I am always THE best.\" Seamus said dropping into hisnseat. \"Well you're a long way off from that.\" Helen said jumping in. \"Oh and why is that?\" He asked starting the car. \"You haven't made a second date yet. That always makes the first date endnon a happy note.\" She said. \"I know a few other ways to end a first date on a happy note.\" Seamus saidnrunning his hand up her leg. She smacked it away. \"Never on a first date.\" Helen said grinning. Seamus rolled his eyes. \"That is such and inexperienced rule. Everyone knows that there is never annever in dating.\" Seamus shot back grinning. He just couldn't seem tonstop grinning all day. \"Do you think I'm inexperienced?\" Helen asked. \"Well I don't know. I have so little blood in my brain it's hard tonthink.\" Seamus said making faces at her. They both busted up. \"But seriously when's round two?\" Helen said unable to stop laughing.nSeamus stopped to think a minute. \"Saturday, we can go to Pyramid Lake and have a swim.\" Seamus said atnlast. \"Sounds cool.\" Helen agreed. \"So now where does this date rank?\" Seamus said pulling up in front of hernhouse. \"One of the best all week.\" She said hoping out of the car. Seamus openednhis mouth to argue but she jumped across the seats kissing him full on thenlips making him forget what he was going to say. \"See yeah later.\" \"You're going to be the death of me woman.\" Seamus called after her as shenran into the house. She turned back, waved and stepped inside. She wasngrinning madly as she closed the door after her. After a minute she pushednaway from the door and headed for her room. On her way there she saw Jimnasleep in front of the TV with a corn chip hanging out of his mouth. \"Oh good parenting Jim.\" Helen said rolling her eyes. ***nThe Next Day at Lunch \"So how did it go Helen?\" Ann asked as Helen sat down at their table. \"It was the best date of my LIFE!\" Helen said grabbing Ann's arms as shenspoke. \"He took me to see Bon Jovie! Can you believe it?\" \"Holy shit! I've been trying to get tickets for weeks!\" Ann was blownnaway. \"God and he was so hot too! I mean that ascent and his hands! You have nonidea.\" Helen said finally letting go of Ann. She collapsed onto her desknin an almost dream like state. \"And he's taking me to the lake tomorrow.\" \"Sometimes you have all the luck with guys.\" Ann said pulling out hernpurple art notebook. Helen grinned. \"I know.\" She said happily. \"What the hell are you thinking Helen?\" Jake said as he sat down. Quicklynending any conversation she and Ann were having earlier. \"What is your problem Jake?\" Said Helen instantly pissed off. \"What's my problem? What is YOUR problem? What are you thinking going outnwith O'Grady? I mean really do you have a death wish?\" Jake barked back. \"Oh yeah Jake he told me too. He started out just killing hookers but nownhis up to girl friends.\" Helen said rolling her eyes. \"Listen to me Helen that guy is bad news. Bad news.\" Meanwhile \"So what's the news O'Grady? Get any Zaas last night.\" Connor askednsetting his tray down in front of him. \"Yeah Seamus how about it?\" Angus said sitting down next to him. Seamusnheld up his hands. \"Two handfuls baby!\" Seamus said grinning from ear to ear. He guys bustednup. \"So what's she like?\" Angus asked raising his eyebrows. \"Ooh, if cars could tell tales gentlemen!\" Seamus said faking a heartnattack. \"Or backseats.\" Connor suggested. Seamus hit him in the shoulder stillnlaughing. \"God you blokes are terrible.\" Sherry said draping herself over Connor.n\"I sure hope you don't talk about me that way.\" \"Hell honey we're taking notes.\" Angus said. Connor was half way acrossnthe table before Seamus stopped him. \"Come now Connor it's only fair.\" Seamus said pushing him back into hisnseat. \"It's ok honey.\" Sherry said sitting down next to her boyfriend. \"Theynshould take notes if only for their girlfriend's sake.\" \"Ooooohhh.\" The guys all said in union. \"That's tough talk from someone whose best asset is her red hair.\" Seamusnreplied. \"And her tits.\" Angus added. Connor took a swipe at him but Sherry pullednhim back before he connected. Seamus was laughing his head off. \"So really Seamus you like this girl?\" Sherry asked after she was surenthat Connor wasn't going anywhere. \"I'm taking her to the lake tomorrow.\" Seamus said off handedly.nEveryone's mouth dropped. \"The lake?\" Angus said shocked. \"You never taking anyone to the lake.\" Connor said. Sherry just sat therenstaring at him. \"What can I say she needs the sun.\" Seamus replied trying joking his waynaround their reactions. \"You really like her don't you Seamus.\" Sherry said seriously. Seamusnlaughed. \"A little Sherry, ok? Just a little.\" He said. (AN: Bon Jovie is the song that Seamus and Helen are listening to innDylan's flashback. So I thought this would be a cool date for them. Tellnme what you think or maybe the next chapter will be a long time till it'snupdated. Yes I will threaten to get reviews.)[Chapter 3] Chapter 3nTalking? The ride to the lake had been great. It was filled with lots of foolingnaround and hard rock music. Best of all there was hardly any traffic,nwhich seemed like a good omen to Helen. When they reached to lake therenwas a lot of people around but less than one usually expected this time ofnyear. Helen carried her bag but all Seamus had with him was a towel. \"You're not one of those strange girls that go to the water but arenhorrified at the idea of getting wet are you?\" Seamus asked pulling hisnshirt off. Helen laughed. \"Hell no! I'm the kind of girl that beats your ass racing to the water!\"nAs she spoke she turned and started running full out for the lake. Seamusntripped in his hurry to catch up with her. When they were only a few stepsnaway from the water Seamus pulled Helen right off her feet and leaped headnfirst into the water. \"You bastard!\" Helen screamed surfacing. Seamus was laughing his headnoff. \"I thought you said you liked the water?\" Seamus taunted. She glared atnhim. \"No I said I was the kind of girl that beats your ass!\" She said flingingna huge wave of water at his head. After he spit out the water he swallowednhe said very calmly. \"You do know Helen Zaas this means war?\" An evil grin passed over hernface. \"Let the water works begin.\" She said. And the war was on. ***1 and ½ hours later*** Helen flopped on her back exhausted. Seamus followed her example onlynletting out a painful groan as he did so. \"I can't move.\" He muttered exhausted. \"Well that's to bad I was thinking about letting you jump my bones thisntrip.\" Helen replied closing her eyes. \"Ok I can move.\" Seamus said rolling on top of Helen. She laughed butnother wise didn't move. \"No Seamus don't. I don't think I could move if I wanted to.\" She said. \"Well then don't move.\" Seamus said. She sighed as his lips met her necknin a series of slow kisses. The sun warming them both as he moved slowlynlower. \"Bloody hell!\" Seamus hissed rolling off her. \"I'm to tired.\" He mutterednclosing his eyes. For a long time they lay there in silence taking in thensun's rays. \"I suppose this is the part where we make conversation?\" Seamus asked. \"Well there's no music, no strength to make out, and no food so it looksnlike it.\" Helen replied. They both sighed simultaneously. \"So, do you like the lake?\" Seamus asked lamely. He was far too tired tonthink of anything better. \"It's ok, but I like the ocean better.\" Helen answered just as lamely. \"Yeah but you never know what Dylan will do.\" Seamus commented. Helennlooked at him. \"Who the hell's Dylan?\" She asked. Seamus opened one of his eyes so hencould se her. \"Did I say Dylan?\" She nodded. He grinned a little. \"Dylan is the Welshngod of the sea. You never know what he's going to do.\" \"You know about Welsh mythology?\" Helen asked skeptically. He shrugged. \"I was born in Ireland. I know a little about everything there.\" \"Really when did you move here?\" Helen asked interested. \"A little under 12 years ago. Me da wanted to expand the family businessnto the States and me and me mum came with him.\" \"Da? Mum?\" Helen teased. \"Well I did live there for 7 years. It's a bit hard to lose the slang youngrew up hearing. All though I had thought I had gotten pretty good at itntill I mentioned Dylan.\" \"No I like it. I just thought Dylan was another girl when I heard you saidnit.\" Helen said. \"What about you? When did you mover here?\" Seamus asked changing thensubject. \"About 2 years ago. It's the longest time I've stayed in one place.\" Shensaid. \"Why do you move so much?\" \"I always go out of my way to make the foster family they place me withnsend me back.\" Seamus looked at her again. \"How come?\" He asked. She shrugged. \"Well most of the time they're assholes and the other times I guess I justndon't want to get close to them. Things always hurt more if you actuallyncare about the person.\" Helen answered. \"Strange way to look at things.\" Seamus commented. \"Hell I'm an orphan. I dealt with that along time ago. I don't need allnthese people pretending to give me something I never wanted in the firstnplace.\" \"But what if you do want it?\" Seamus asked quietly. \"Right now all I want is some friends and to have a good time. I'm makingnit work with Jim because for once I have some friends here and he'll put upnwith a lot as long as he gets my foster check. That and he doesn't keep anvery close eye on his liquor cabinet.\" She said with a smile. Seamusnlaughed. \"So what was your longest relationship?\" Seamus asked going on to anlighter note. \"6th grade with a Monty Maxwell. We dated off and on for the whole yearntill I moved.\" Helen said visibly perking up. \"What about you?\" \"During boot camp in 8th grade. Me da got it into his head that sending menthere would straighten me out. What he didn't figure was that the femalenboot camp was just across the lake. We both happened to sneak of base onnthe same night at met up.\" Seamus said over Helen's laughter. \"How did it end?\" Helen asked. \"Well we both knew that we'd be sent home in 3 months so we decided itnwould end there, simple as that. But I learned a lot of things that year.\"n He muttered. \"I bet.\" Helen said under her breath. \"I could teach you some of them.\" Seamus said pretending not to hear herncomment. \"Although some of it's now legal. You know, that whole publicndecency rule.\" \"I don't think you could teach me too much.\" Helen murmured. In one swiftnmovement Seamus was off the ground and above her straddling her hips with. \"I can teach you things about your own body that God almighty doesn't evennknow about.\" Seamus whispered leading in so close Helen could feel his lipsnmove against her throat. \"So stop talking and teach me something.\" She challenged. Helen had spoken so quietly she wasn't even sure she heard herself.nApparently Seamus had, for the instant the words left her mouth his was onnher. Slow sensuous kisses brushed across her skin making her gasp innshock. His hips pressed lightly on her own as he deepened the kisses. Theynrose to her ear, along the line of her jaw, and down to the base of hernneck each touch sending her spinning. In the back of her mind Helen knew she should move, or respond in some way,nbut his smooth skilled hands kept her attention so focused on them that shencouldn't even remember a time that she had ever needed to move. His hands slipped under her damp shirt circling around her back arching herntoward him as he continued to caress her with his lips. Each second seemednlike eternity that stretched on and on under the thrilling touch of SeamusnO'Grady. When he finally stopped they were both having trouble breathing. \"Ok, so you're a every good teacher.\" Helen whispered. Her words came outnas breathless gasps and she wasn't completely sure how she had gotten themnout at all. \"Well you're the perfect student for it.\" Seamus whispered surprised at hownshaky his own voice sounded. He was still on top of her, his face hoveringnmere inches above her's. His eyes were on her lips but as he spoke henlocked onto her eyes. He seemed to forget where he was or what he wasndoing as he looked at her lost in her eyes. He didn't even seem aware when her arm swept around his thick neck. It wasnonly when she pulled him to her lips that he appeared to awake from hisntrance. Their hot tongues meeting in perfect union to devour the other.nHelen's delicate flickering playing to Seamus's powerful lashes as theynkissed again and again. \"Live for me Helen.\" Seamus whispered his fingertips tracing over her necknas he kissed her again. \"Hell Seamus I'll die for you.\" Helen vowed pulling him ever closer tonher. The silly utterances spoken between lovers in the heat of passion.nIt was ages till they finally pulled apart. \"Ok any further and we half to take our clothes off.\" Seamus said rollingnon to his back once again. \"And there is that public decency rule to consider.\" Helen mutteredngulping in air for her starved lungs. \"Agreed, so let's go some where that's not public.\" Seamus suggestednpulling her on top of him. \"Oh, you mean for our third date?\" Helen asked perfectly avoiding hisnsuggestion. \"A third date?\" He asked it like it was a foreign idea to him. \"Yes, a third. Comes after second and before a fourth. I think youndeserve a third date.\" Helen said watching him closely. Seamus seemed tonhave drifted off to some place deep in the reaches of his mind that Helenncould see. \"Hello, you still there?\" \"I haven't gone of a third date in 5 years.\" Seamus stated only partlyncoming out of his dream world to respond to her questioning. \"Wow, five years? Why so long?\" Helen asked resting her chin on his barenchest. \"I usually go out with one of two girls. One's that are looking for anquick dangerous fling or one's that want to marry me that I dump rightnoff.\" Seamus said, apparently trying to figure out which one she was. \"Why would anyone want to marry you?\" Helen asked. Seamus attentionnquickly snapped to her, \"No offence you just confused me is all.\" \"You couldn't possibly not know.\" Seamus said completely mystified. \"No really why?\" Helen insisted. \"I am the only eligible heir to my family's business. So eventually I'llnbe a millionaire with a LOT of power behind me. A lot of women just wantnto get a hold of that as soon as they can.\" Seamus explained. \"Wow, and you look like such a simpleton too.\" Helen remarked. \"Ha ha, very funny. It's nice having people throwing themselves at me butnthose people that want to marry me are freaks! I can't stand the damn goldndiggers. You have no idea how freaked out I was when I found out that atn14 my girlfriend only wanted to get my family money and cared nothing fornme.\" Seamus said distastefully. \"Well you don't have to worry about me only being after you for your money.n I'm only after your body.\" Helen said grinning smugly at him. \"Are you now?\" Seamus asked kissing her again. \"Oh most definitely. I'm just too tired to get it on this date.\" Helennsaid rolling off her date into a sitting position. \"Well then we'll have to do this again.\" Seamus whispered in her earnpulling her tanned back against his now vertical chest. \"If you'll havenme.\" He breathed kissing her neck once more. A little shiver of pleasurenraced down her spine. \"You can only hope.\" Helen taunted getting to her feet. Seamus glared upnat her. \"Bird you will be the death of me.\" He mused grinning slightly at thenthought. (AN: So what do you people think? It's not like I read minds...much. Nextntime Helen fights with friends and Seamus is Seamus. On a side note I'mnthinking of writing another Seamus and Helen story as I write this one.nInstead of Seamus falling to his death at the ending of the movie Helennfalls. At the last minute the Thin Man pushes her to safety as his lastnact on earth. Seamus follows her to the hospital hoping to finally killnher. When he gets there he finds out that she has lost her memory up tonthe day before he killed anyone in front of her. In other words giving himna chance to have the girl back that he remembers. The interesting thing isnthat the story with the most reviews is the one I'll update, SO STARTnREVIEWING NOW!)[Chapter 4] Chapter 4nJake The only thing Helen could think of as she entered the school's front hallnwas to find Ann as soon as possible. Helen couldn't wait to tell her aboutnthe date with Seamus. Helen hadn't had an earlier chance to tell hernbecause Ann didn't have a phone and had work on the weekends. Helen didn'tnfeel like telling Jake with the way he had been acting lately so she hadnbeen forced to keep quite about the date till today. So of course it wasnthe first thing on her mind as she walked threw the halls. As chance would have it Ann was waiting at Helen's locker as she arrived.nAnn's rich auburn hair was done up in a multitude of small twists andnbursts forming a pattern of chaos that she usually wore. A little make-upnand a lot of jewelry and it was pure Ann; just what Helen had been waitingnfor. \"You will not believe how great my date was!\" Helen proclaimed finallynreaching her friend. \"OK but what rating was it?\" Ann asked trying not to laugh at her excitednfriend. \"Oh my GOD! Someone should stamp a bright red 'NC-17' rating on hisnforehead to warn people!\" Helen gasped feigning a heart attack. \"Holy shit Helen! You didn't!\" Ann asked shocked; her eyes bulging out ofnher head. Helen gave her a look of destine. \"Hell no Ann, it was a second date! What do you think I am a slut?\" Helennasked opening her locker. Ann shrugged giving the obvious impression thatnshe did. \"I am not a slut! But if I were to sleep with a guy on thensecond date...Seamus would be the guy.\" \"That good then?\" Ann asked with a kind of mocking knowing smile. \"Oh 'R' all the way baby. I can not tell you how sensuous his man is. Henwoke things in me I did not even know were asleep.\" Helen said tossing hernbag into her locker. \"I don't think I've EVER felt that good with a guy.\" \"Yeah it sounds that good. So when are you going to see him again? Or isnhe going to one of those that doesn't last a week?\" Ann asked. Helennthought for a second. \"A week yes, any longer than that just depends. Hell I might just date himnto piss off Jake.\" Helen replied seriously. \"Jake is really up set, you know.\" Ann added worriedly. \"It was the onlynthing he could talk about in Spanish. And that was really hard for himnbecause he was really saying it in Spanish.\" \"Well you can tell him for me that he can stop worrying. I'm not going tonbe dating Seamus forever and I can take care of myself in the mean time.\"nHelen said slamming her locker close. Ann wasn't looking at her anymore. \"So how long have you been there?\" Helen asked the person she knew wasnstanding behind her. \"For all of it.\" Seamus replied. Helen turned around in one smooth casualnmovement that might have made it look as if she had known he was there thenwhole time, unless you knew her that is. \"So what's your rating then?\" Helen quipped. \"Why a ten of course.\" Seamus answered with a confidant smirk. Helennshook her head. \"Sorry but the rating was not done numerically, but by movie ratings.\"nHelen whipped back with a smile of her own. They both stood there grinningnat each other for a moment. \"Ok...well I have a class.\" Ann said glancing between Helen and Seamus.n\"Well I'm going now. Bye Helen.\" Helen waved with out looking away fromnSeamus. \"So why are you here?\" Helen asked, a little flustered about seeing him sonsoon. \"I happen to be on my way to Auto Shop and there you were.\" Seamus saidnstilling grinning. \"So I thought, if you had nothing to do, that you mightnwant to go off campus for lunch with me. Of course within this week so itndoesn't interfere with your plans.\" Helen laughed so had she had to covernher mouth to stop. \"Why that is so considerate of you. But I never know what my lunch plansnare till they happen so we'll just have to wait and see.\" Helen said atnthis point every embarrassed that Seamus had heard any of her conversationnwith Ann. Which of course making her wonder how much he had actually overnheard. The very possibility was making her look for anything to look atnthat wasn't Seamus O'Grady. So it was then that she saw Jake. He was standing in the middle of the hallway staring at her. He wasn'tnmoving, even when kids bumped into him he acted like he didn't feel it. Henlooked like a living statue that was frozen in his damming judgment of her.n Helen stopped and stared back her good mood instantly gone. Seamus seemednto notice for he turned around to see what she was looking at. \"Who's the bugger with the purple hair?\" Seamus said sizing the guy up. \"Jake.\" Helen whispered faintly even as Jake turned and walked away fromnthem. Seamus looked at her not completely sure she had spoken to him. \"You know him?\" Seamus asked frowning slightly. \"Yeah he's a friend of mine.\" Helen muttered still staring after him. \"Is he always like that?\" Seamus asked. Helen finally looked at him. \"No, he's usually...great. I don't know, he stared acting this way Thursdaynand hasn't stopped.\" Helen explained \"Well he's off his rocker today.\" He said sarcastically even as he checkednover his shoulder again. \"So lunch then?\" \"We'll see.\" Helen said letting him bring a grin to her face. \"Well I'll be in the senior parking lot if you change your mind.\" Seamusnsupplied. \"And just to make sure you change your mind...\" His arm whipped around her waist pulling her to him and locked lips withnher. His tongue parting her mouth to stimulate and caress her own. Thenpower and the passion he transmitted through that single kiss was enough tontake her breath away with their intensity. \"So I'll see you then.\" Seamus whispered softly against her lips. Andnwith a parting smile he was gone just as the bell rang. Helen stoodnstunned in place for a while; her whole mind consumed with that kiss. \"That fucking bastard better be paying.\" Helen muttered to herself as shenstalked off to PE. Helen was staring at the clock again. And just like it did 5 seconds agonit read 12:01. This of course meant she was 4 minutes away from seeingnSeamus. Helen was feeling that tense excited feeling that everyone getsnbefore seeing someone that you're interested in. The feeling like yournstomach has been torn out and flipped upside down but it feels good andnexciting all at the same time; the feeling that made dating exciting andndreadful at the same time. Helen flipped her note book open to one of the back pages. Then in hernneed to think of something else she started drawing. She drew a classroomnof students looking at their desks as a teacher shaped like a clock shoutednat them \"DON'T YOU DARE LOOK AT ME AGAN!\" in big bold letters. A simplenidea that she added as many details as possible to keep from looking at thenclock herself. She looked. 12:03 Helen cursed under her breath. She started drawing a guy with a cloverntattoo on his arm waiting outside the classroom on his motorcycle. 'Thisnwas a great idea to get her mind off Seamus' Helen thought sarcastically.nShe glared at her paper in frustration. The question 'Why am I thinking so much about this?' kept plaguing her mindnas she sat there. The question so bothered her that she jumped when thenbell finally rang. She was on her feet in a second stuffing her stuff intonher bag as fast as possible not caring if it got crushed as she did so. Innmere moments she was out the door and on her way to the parking lot. Helennstopped dead in her tracks. Jake was standing outside her room. \"You're seeing him aren't you?\" Jake asked coldly. Helen nodded. \"Indon't want you too.\" \"Well that's too bad Jake because it is my life.\" Helen replied solemnly. \"And if you keep dating him you wont have much of a life left.\" Jakenhissed. \"As far as I can tell Seamus dates a lot of people. They both have fun andnneither are worse for the wear when it's over.\" Helen said. \"He doesn't know you Helen. You can make any man you meet fall in lovenwith you. And the O'Gradys don't take rejection well. Trust me on thisnHelen you do NOT want to get into a relationship with him!\" Jake said tillnhis voice had risen to a shout. Helen flinched feeling her friend's wordsnbite deep. \"I am going to keep seeing Seamus until one of us decides other wise. Nownyou can accept that or you can stay the fuck out of my way.\" Helen saidncurtly ending the conversation. She then stepped past him and continued her walk down the hall. It wasntaking everything she had not to bust into tears and start running. Shenand Jake never fought and Helen had never seen him raise his voice tonanyone before. She slammed threw the doors shoving the out before her as she kept moving.nShe felt trapped like she had to get moving but she didn't know to where.nHer blurry eyes were focused on the ground and her feet continued to speednup. 'What the hell is wrong with that bastard?!' Helen thought angrily pushingnon, to where she knew not. \"Changed your mind did then?\" Someone said to Helen's left. Her head shotnup to see Seamus leading against the side of his car as if he was justnabout to get in. She watched as his face went from amused to concerned atnseeing her expression. \"Bloody hell, Helen what happened?\" He askednjumping around his car to take hold of her by the shoulders; as if worriednshe would fall if he didn't. \"Nothing! Absolutely fucking nothing! Can we please just get the fuck outnof here.\" Helen said trying to get herself together. Seamus noddednquickly opening the passenger door and she jumped in. He slammed the doornand jumped into his side spinning the car out of the space and out of thenlot in a flash. \"It seems like every time you get into my car I'm driving you away fromnsomething.\" Seamus said jokingly all the while glancing from the road tonthe girl inside his car. Helen continued to stare out the window innsilence. \"Oh come on you're not going to jump in my car and not tell menwhat's wrong are you?\" Helen looked at him, her face somber but not on the verge of tears anymore.n She moved around in her seat till she was leaning against Seamus with hernhead pressed to his chest. Seamus glanced uneasily from the road to thentop of her head. Then slowly and unsure slipped his arm around her waist. \"Yeah whatever. You can tell me when you want.\" Seamus muttered on thenmost part to himself. It was a long time after till anyone spoke. \"I got into a fight with a friend.\" Helen said at last. \"Must have been pretty bad.\" Seamus said keeping his eyes on the road. \"It was. He doesn't approve of someone I'm seeing. He yelled at me and Intold him off. It's the first real fight I've had with him.\" Helen said.nSeamus looked down at her. \"Who is he?\" Seamus demanded. \"Jake.\" \"The purple bloke that was in the hall?\" \"Yeah, he doesn't like me seeing you. Apparently he felt stronger about itnthan I thought.\" Helen muttered. \"Do you feel strongly about seeing me?\" Seamus asked interested. Helennlooked up at him o see if he was kidding. She couldn't tell. \"I don't know.\" She said at last. \"I usually don't get to work up overnguys but if we stopped now I would be sorely disappointed.\" He smiled. \"Me too,\" he said letting his eyes return to the road. \"So it's to late tonhead back to school by now. Do you want to blow it off and have somenGuinness?\" \"Sure if you have the Guinness.\" Helen replied. Seamus grinned wider. \"Have you ever heard of an Irishman not having a Guinness?\" Seamus asked.nHelen shook her head. \"Cool 'cause I always have a cooler full in thentrunk.\" They both laughed and Helen sat up in her seat again. \"Don't you worry about the cops?\" Helen asked amused. Seamus shrugged. \"I don't have a problem with cops. They pretty much decide on their ownnthat it's not worth it.\" He answered. \"I wish they'd decide that about me. It seems like every time I leave anndepartment store the cops are searching me.\" Helen mused. \"They just assume you're a shoplifter.\" \"And they assume right, but it's still rude.\" Helen said flipping the radionon. Seamus gave her a look but smiled despite himself. She was just toonstrange not to smile. \"Ok, here we are at one of my favorite parking lots.\" Seamus announcednpulling into an almost unseen allay. \"And why is it your...\" Helen started. \"...oh.\" The lot was completely closednoff from the street by the sides of buildings. On each of the toweringnwalls was a wrap-around mural of a deep and lustrous forest. Everywherenyou looked there were a million little details that made it seem like younsaw a new image every time you looked. And if you strained hard enough youncould almost see a rock seaside through the branches of some of the trees.nIt was breath taking. \"How did you find this place?\" Helen asked in amazement. \"I was stressed and I pulled into the first alley I saw. Little did I knownthis was here.\" Seamus said looking around with her. \"I haven't decidednif the reason it doesn't have graffiti is that it's so hard to find or ifnit's so perfect no one wants to touch it.\" \"It's too perfect.\" Helen answered still dazed by its beauty. \"Well I guess I'll grab the beer.\" Seamus said reluctantly getting out ofnthe car. He popped the trunk and dragged the cooler to him. He snappednthe lid open and pulled out four beers. Snapping the lid and the trunknclosed he walked back to his door but Helen wasn't in her seat. A handnjabbed out of the back seat motioning for the beer. Seamus tilted his headnso he could see her. \"What? You're not going to try and tell me you've never had a girl in thenback seat of your car are you?\" Helen asked still reaching for the beer. \"Usually they have the beer before getting into my back seat.\" Seamus saidnholding onto the Guinness. \"Well are you just going to stand there or are you going to get in here andngive me the beer?\" Unable to think of a thing he would like more to do he pushed back the seatnand joined Helen in the back. He set two of the beers on the floor andnhanded one to Helen. He was about to offer his bottle opener to her whennhe heard a loud 'SHCK!' next to him. She apparently had hers open already.n So he popped his and to a long swig. \"Aaaaaaaahhhhhhh!\" Helen and Seamus uttered at the same time. \"Here try this.\" Seamus said. He swung around in his seat so one of hisnlegs ran the length of the seat while his other dangled off the side.nHelen taking her que from him she moved around so that her back was leaningnagainst his chest with her legs spread out before her. \"More comfortable?\" Seamus asked. Helen took a swing off her beer. \"Just don't get a hard-on while I'm here. I'd hate to think it was for thenbeer and not me.\" Helen quipped. \"Can't promise that; it's too good of a beer.\" Seamus said tossing itnback. Helen laughed. \"I can't believe I'm doing this?\" Seamus musednlaughing as he said it. Helen gave him a funny look over her shoulder. \"Oh what you're not going to try and tell me that this is your first timenin the backseat of a car with a girl are you?\" He shook his head. \"No, but usually my motivation has nothing to do with cheering her up afternshe had a bad day.\" He explained. \"Oh I see uncharted territory then? So what's normal?\" Helen asked coylynlikely. \"Well now that you asked...\" He tilted her face towards his so he could kissnher. He moved his head closer deepening the kiss until every ounce ofnlonging the male species had poured into her. \"And that's usual?\" Helen taunted. Grinning even as he pulled away. \"Why? Does it make you nervous?\" Seamus asked grinning. \"No, it just seems to tame for you.\" With that she spun around in her seatntill she was straddling his hips once again. Seamus took a long pull offnof his beer looking her up and down as he did so. One hand slipped ontonthe small of her back so the instant his finished his beer she was on hisnlips once again. She moaned against his mouth arching her whole bodyntowards his in invitation. Her arms locked around his neck as they kissednagain and again. Helen pulled back holding up a finger to wait. Seamus's hands fell to hisnsides as if asking 'why stop now?' Helen flicked her Guinness up to hernmouth till she had drunk the last half in one breath. She then defiantlyndropped the bottle on the floor. Seamus dove for her, entangling his handsnin her hair, and pulling her full lips to his again. Her hands too flewnthrough his hair letting he fingertips caress the back of his neck. Thisnonly made his kiss her more, harder, and ever more passionately. Their breathing was coming hard. Their hearts raced to painful levelsnevery time the other touched somewhere new. Seamus flipped Helen onto hernback forcing her to gasp in surprise. He didn't miss a beat and was backnto kissing her before she could exhale. His hands inching up the front ofnher shirt even as her's inched up the back of his. KNOCK! KNOCK! Seamus's head snapped up. His eyes burning with anger and hate for whomnever had interrupted them. Helen had just enough time to see the cop blinknin surprise before he returned to normal. \"Your engine is still on.\" The cop said waving vaguely toward the front ofnthe car. Seamus was still glaring at him. The cop stared around at thenground a moment clearly uncomfortable. \"You should really think about turning it off.\" The guy mumbled. And withnthat walked away. Seamus pushed off of Helen to watch him get back intonhis squad car. \"That clogged-headed flatfoot.\" Seamus swore under his breath. \"First time that happen to you?\" Helen asked sitting up. \"Fuck yes.\" Seamus muttered keeping his eyes locked on the cop as he drovenaway. \"If that bloody fool even thinks about telling my da...\" \"Your 18 and your dad thinks you don't have sex?\" \"My family's very Catholic. Me da extremely so.\" Helen laughed so loudnshe almost choked trying to stifle it. \"You're kidding me! YOU'RE Catholic?\" Helen asked amazed. \"Hey, as the family says, only god can judge me.\" Seamus said deadnserious. Helen might have laughed but something told her not too. \"Well when he makes up his mind tell me.\" Helen said smiling. He laughednslightly and dragged her closer to him. \"So besides the flatfoot, you feel better bird?\" Seamus asked relaxingnback into his seat. \"Yeah, and by the way what does that mean?\" Helen asked. Seamus looked atnher confused. \"What does what mean?\" \"Bird. You've called me it twice now.\" Seamus blinked at her in surprise. \"Did I really?\" He asked. Helen nodded. Seamus gulped. \"Well it kind ofnmeans um...a man's...um...lady or...ah lass...or his-\" \"-girlfriend.\" Helen finished. Seamus stopped. \"Yeah, kind of like that.\" He admitted. \"Well good. Saves me the trouble of asking you if you want to go steady.\"nHelen teased. \"Well...since the cop ended the mood could you drive me home?\" \"Oh yeah sure.\" Seamus said. He got into the front side as Helen climbednover the backseat to her's. By the time they reached her house they hadnstruck up and new conversation. \"Hey Helen.\" Seamus said as she was getting out of the car. She poppednher head back in. \"Yes?\" \"I do. I mean...I do want to go steady.\" Seamus said trying to avoid herneyes. His head shot up with surprise as she jumped across the seats tonlock lips with him. She pulled back smiling from ear to ear. \"Good me too.\" (AN: Review or no more. Or at lest it will take a long time. Oh and tellnme what you think about me writing something about Seamus's time in prison.n It would kind of be a sequel to this story.)[Chapter 5] Chapter 5 Sparks Fly An hour later Seamus pulled into warehouse 29C at the docks. The place was furnished only with 3 small couches, two lamps, and one large table. Two cars were already parked near the center of the space. The red Monte Carlo Seamus recognized as Connor's and he guessed that the blue Duster was Sherry's because the only other person there was Angus, and Angus didn't drive. Seamus pulled in behind the couch Connor and Sherry were making out on. Seamus and Angus ignored them. \"Where the bloody hell were you? We searched all over for your ugly arse.\" Angus snapped storming up to Seamus's car. \"No,\" Connor said raising his head, \"HE looked all over for looked all over for your ugly arse. Sherry and I followed him and told him he was being narcotic.\" Angus flipped him off but Connor's attention had returned solely to Sherry. \"Pop the trunk will yeah mate?\" Angus said heading for the other end of the car. Seamus did and got out of the car. \"Hey someone already got into the Guinness!\" Angus's head popped over the lip of the trunk to glare at Seamus accusingly. \"Yeah me and Helen had a few in my backseat.\" Seamus nonchalantly mentioned taking the beer out of Angus's stunned hands. \"So that's where you were!\" Angus said proudly pounding Seamus on the back. \"Yeah, she was having a bad day so I...comforted her.\" He let the last words roll from his tongue wagging his eyebrows suggestively. Angus laughed but Sherry broke away form Connor with an odd expression on her face. \"Hey Seamus, isn't this the third time you've seen her?\" Seamus gave her a weary look over his beer. \"Seems so. But what can I say? An arse that great deserves a second look.\" He replied laughing. \"Which reminds me, when is that lovely arse going to be getting on the market? I'll like a bit of that if you know what I mean.\" Angus said laughing it up. Seamus's grin fell. His eyes narrowed into slits to glare at Angus. Seamus's whole body tensed up even as he felt like pumleing Angus into the ground. But he didn't because he knew Angus didn't know that Helen was now is girl. Seamus took a long swig off his beer to hind is expression. Sherry caught it though. \"I don't know. She has a pretty nice arse, I might want to keep it for a while.\" Seamus said slightly more in control. \"So you working the gate again tonight?\" He asked changing the subject. \"Yeah, it feels like I'm going to spend the rest of my bloody life in box asking see their papers. It's a good thing I'm always drinking when I do that job or I'd be bored out of my mind.\" Angus said tossing back more of his drink. \"Hey Connor, when you come up for air, what are you doing tonight?\" Seamus asked avoiding looking in the direction on the half-stifled moans coming from the opposite couch. When Connor did come up for air he glaring daggers at Seamus. \"I'm unloading your ship.\" \"Oh that's right, I forgot Merkin was coming in on Monday.\" Seamus replied. \"That had to be the best 18th birthday present ever.\" \"Yeah and the fact that you get half the profits from the ship has nothing to it either.\" Angus cracked amused. \"Sherry what are you doing?\" Seamus asked ignoring him. \"I'm working the books at the club.\" Connor gave her a sharp look. \"Sherry I told you I don't like you working there.\" \"Come on Connor it's not like I'm dancing on a pole, I'm taking inventory in a back room. I don't even see the front of the club.\" Sherry said pushing out of his lap. \"That's not the point. There are plenty of jobs that don't involve you walking pass drunken, sexed-up, louts.\" Connor countered trying not to shout. \"Yeah and the pay is half as good. I told you I'm not talking about this.\" Sherry said glaring him down. \"Well it's getting late so you might want to stop talking about it soon.\" Seamus mentioned glancing over his beer at them. Connor turned to glare at him. \"No he's right, I really do have to get going.\" Sherry said getting to her feet. \"Yeah me too, da won't like it if I miss dinner this week.\" Seamus said also rising. He flipped back his beer and walked to his car \"Hey Seamus wait up.\" Sherry called walking after him. He got into his car but kept the door open. She leaned in so that the other two wouldn't hear her. \"What's really going on with you and Helen?\" She asked in a tone that implied that she wasn't taking any BS from him. \"She really did have a bad day...and I really comforted her. And when I brought her home we both decided to officially become a...couple.\" Seamus trailed off looking very uncomfortable. \"Saints preserve us! Seamus that's amazing!\" Sherry exclaimed happily. She lunged forward and hugged him around the neck. Seamus laughed and pushed her off him. \"Come on Sherry, it's not that big of a deal.\" \"With a hound like you hell yes it is! You haven't had a girlfriend as long as I've known you. And judging by that look you were giving Angus you better tell them soon or the next crack they make is going to be their last.\" Seamus looked from her to his mates in horror. \"Don't worry I wont tell them. I promise they couldn't beat it out of me if they tried.\" \"You do know that you're too good for Connor right?\" \"And any bird that goes with you is already too good for you.\" She said grinning. \"See you in the morn.\" Seamus said shutting his door. She nodded and turned back to her own car where Connor was waiting for her. \"What was that about?\" Connor asked nodding toward Seamus. Sherry glanced over her shoulder at Seamus. \"Nothing.\" She said grinning again. Seamus was in Auto Shop the next day working on his car. His hair was tied back and his shirt was tied around his waist. He had missed Helen that morning and he was wondering if she was even in school today. Then again there was also the possibility that she had come to her senses and was avoiding him. For the life of him he couldn't see why he was worrying, he hadn't even slept with her. He sighed bending off his work. Just then a whistled catcall ran out. Seamus's head snapped straight up right into the hood of the car. \"Bollucks!\" Seamus cursed cradling his head. He spun around looking for the culprit. All Seamus could see was the garage door, a few engines, and not a person in sight. Seamus growled under his breath and turned back to his car. The instant he leaned over the same whistle cut the air. \"Ok that's it!\" Seamus yelled having hit his head again. \"Ha, ha, ha.\" Seamus narrowed his eyes at the garage door. It was up slightly so that someone could easily slip under it. Seamus could just see someone kneeling by the opening, a strain of blond hair shaking with laughter. He looked around to make sure no one was looking and ducked under the door. He came face to face with a kneeling Helen. \"Something got your fancy then?\" Seamus said grinning. \"Oh most defiantly. But I think the hood caught your head more than you caught my fancy.\" Helen said trying to stop laughing. Seamus kissed her dragging across the pavement to him. His tongue forcing her to pay attention to him alone. \"Shouldn't you be in class?\" Seamus muttered against her lips as he kissed her again. \"Do you really care?\" Helen whispered pulling him to his feet and pressing him into the wall. She slid her hips against his holding him in place. His whole body felt like there was an electric current running through him. It was like a switch had been turned on and all he could think of was the feeling he got when she touched him. \"I'd have to say that in this particular situation I don't mind.\" Seamus muttered pulling her mouth to his. When their lips met it was like fire roaring through his veins. When her tongue slipped into his mouth Seamus almost fell to the ground. Instead he wrapped an arm around Helen's back pulling her whole upper body to him while her arms snaked around his shoulders. Each kiss blended into the next, each touch leading to the moment, and with the sweet pleasure of their bodies never leaving the others. \"Shit, we have to stop.\" Seamus said pulling away leaning his body against the wall to breathe. \"Ok, I have never heard those words come out of a man's mouth before.\" Helen said clearly putout. \"Oh that's not what I meant.\" Seamus said quickly grabbing her hand and leading the way. \"Good, I was starting to wonder about you.\" Helen said grinning. He turned, threw her against him, and stole her breath with a staggering kiss. \"Don't.\" He whispered stealing and meaningful look at her eyes. Grinning from ear to ear he started back the way he was going faster than before. Helen was laughing when he broke into a run. \"Where are we going?\" Helen cried running to catch her hand. They turned a corner between two buildings. At first all you could see was rows of storage lockers stretching the length of the buildings in an unending line. Then as fast as a shot he turned into a sudden break in the lockers and spun Helen against the wall. \"We're going right here.\" Seamus said trailing his hands up the sides of her hips to slip under her shirt. \"Are we?\" Helen asked smoothly stroking his abs under his shirt. He caught one of her legs between his and hugged her sides with his thumbs hooked just under her chest. His eyes were completely focused on her with frightening clarity. \"Do you know what you do to me?\" Seamus asked. Helen was surprised at his serious tone. She moved her arms to again encircle his shoulders. \"Yes.\" She said gently kissing him in the hollow of his throat. He gasped as a shiver raced down his spine. Her fingers traced light circles on the back of his neck so that just the tips brushed across the fine hairs there. She kissed his jaw moving so slowly to his lips that Seamus though he might die before she reached them. He closed his eyes and she kissed them too. When he opened them again he found her lips hovering just a breath away from his, her eyes locked on his mouth. His head moved forward capturing her supple mouth with his, letting his slow burning emotions seep into her. Her hands moved to cradle his head in her hands as he shimmied up the back of her shirt to stroke her shoulder blades. After that things sped up. Helen's whole body arched against him as he pressed his hips against hers. The kisses changed from slow and lingering to hot and demanding. Their touch from gentle teases too powerful stimulating pleasures of flesh. Their bodies so close they seemed to breathe as one, or seemed not to breathe at all. Each kiss or touch perfectly preserved in all its magnificent glory. \"I think I might love you.\" Seamus said leaning his head against her forehead. A breathless laugh escaped Helen before she could catch it. \"You don't even know me.\" She said grinning but turned her head away. \"But I want to. I have this stupid pile of information on you already.\" Seamus said exasperated. She laughed again. \"Ok that sounded a bit staker-ish but lets hear it anyway.\" \"Well you're not a natural blond, I don't know what your real color is yet. I know who your longest lasting boyfriend is. I'm guessing you date a lot, but not for long. You like rock music. You're a great swimmer. You have the most perfect arse I've even seen. And I know you love alcohol as much as I do.\" Helen was laughing again. \"Well that is true.\" \"Do you want to know what else I know about you?\" She nodded. \"You have this burning fire in you, it shines from everything you do. But there's this other part that that's almost fragile. One part of you is continually trying to prove that you don't need anyone and the other subtly asking to be protected. It's so...amazing to find that in someone. Am I freaking you out?\" Seamus asked giving her a once over. She shook her head to clear it. \"You're not totally freaking me out. It's just kind of unexpected coming from you.\" Helen said. \"You're telling me ? I am not the kind of person that says things like this. I'm the person that charms, sleeps with, and then leaves women. I am not the kind of person that thinks this much about a single girl.\" \"But I'm not single, I'm with you.\" Helen said smiling. He grinned too, very much relieved. \"Yes you are, aren't you.\" He kissed her gently brushing the hair out of her face. \"I need your guys help right now.\" Seamus said falling into step with Angus and Connor. \"What do you need?\" Angus asked eagerly. \"There's a guy busting Helen's chops, I'd like to bust his.\" Seamus said leading the way down the hall. \"Helen? You're still seeing her?\" Angus asked confused and trying to keep up with Seamus's brisk pace. \"Yeah I am, and this guy is giving her angst. And I, for reasons unknown, want it to stop.\" Seamus said rounding a corner. \"What do you want us to do?\" Connor asked only half interested. \"Just stand behind me and look menacing.\" Seamus stopped short. There, two yards down the hall, was Jake putting his backpack in his locker. \"That's him. And remember don't say anything.\" Seamus walked toward him and slammed the locker close in his face. Jake blinked and backed up into the lockers catching the look in Seamus's eyes. Seamus stood directly in front of him while Angus and Connor flanked him on either side. \"Do you have a problem with me?\" Seamus bluntly asked staring him down. Jake stared blankly at him. \"Not a personal one.\" He replied. \"Well you have some type of problem with me. So tell me what is it.\" Seamus said almost growling. \"I don't think Helen knows what she's getting into.\" Jake said keeping a neutral expression. \"And what exactly is she getting into?\" Seamus said through his teeth. \"Something she's not prepared for.\" Seamus slammed his fist into the lockers. \"I think you're the one that's not prepared.\" Seamus said not removing his arm. \"Now I'm not asking that you totally stay away from Helen, just that you stop hurting her. And the things you say about me really hurt her.\" \"I'm just trying to make sure she doesn't get hurt.\" Jake said quietly. \"I would never hurt Helen. And I am not going to let anyone, including her friend, hurt her. You got that?\" Jake stared at him a long time before nodding. Seamus smiled and instantly fell into a relaxed position. \"Well we have nothing to worry about then.\" And with that he turned and left. \"Little smart ass.\" Angus muttered racing to catch up with him. \"Put a cork in it, he's Helen's friend.\" Seamus snapped. \"Hey I was just trying to help.\" Angus said hands raised. \"He anything to worry about?\" Connor asked stone faced. \"No, if that didn't shut him up he'll at lest be more careful about what he says from now on.\" \"Good 'cause I need to find Sherry.\" Connor said grudgingly. \"Go do what you need to for your bird.\" I did for mine. He added silently to himself. (AN: Sparks indeed! I hope you liked this one. Check out my new story 'Better Left Forgot', a Seamus/Helen story where Dylan looses her memory. Well review or you won't see the next chapter where Seamus almost looses Helen.)[Chapter 6] Chapter 6 The Green Tint of Jealousy Helen felt like she was floating. She felt so relaxed that if some had bumped into her she would have only hit them once. She had no idea that kissing on guy could feel this good; and the kiss was two hours old! It felt so good to have those nerves tickled again. She had almost forgot how good it felt. Or maybe it never felt this good before? \"Well finally, I thought you would never come to lunch.\" Ann said as Helen sat down. \"Sorry I've just been having a very, very good week.\" Helen said grinning. Ann gave her a long look. \"Seamus? Or someone new?\" Ann asked. \"Hmmm...you can't beat the Irish.\" \"You are so gross!\" Ann said laughing. \"Yeah but I'm having so much fun.\" Helen said taking a huge bite out of her grease dripping pizza. Jake sat down at the table. He didn't say anything; he just focused on his food. Ann looked away uncomfortable while Helen looked at him expectantly. Jake looked up. \"What?\" He asked defensively. \"That's what I was thinking.\" Helen said staring him down. He sighed and sat up straighter in his seat. \"I stand by what I said. I don't think going out with O'Grady is a good idea. But you know that's how I feel so I don't really need to keep saying it now do I?\" Jake said. He looked over Helen's shoulder briefly then when back to his food. \"But you're still going to be mad at me if I sill go out him?\" Helen asked. \"Yes, but I won't bring it up.\" Jake said with a painful smile. \"Guy's can we stop this?\" Ann said quietly. They both looked her. \"Sorry Ann.\" They mumbled at the same time. \"I'd say you were acting like first graders but I haven't know either of you that long.\" Ann said stabbing angrily at her salad. \"You're right, we're sorry, aren't we Jake.\" Helen said jabbing her eyes meaningfully at him. \"Yes, you're exactly right.\" Jake said taking Ann's hand. \"I'm sorry Ann.\" \"Whatever, can we just about Honors English now?\" Ann muttered. \"Of course, did you see the reading list for this month? I'm surprised it didn't come form a Jr. High mentally handicapped reading class.\" Jake said making a point of laughing. The lunch went on like that, with them talking comfortably through Ann, and not to each other. \"Hey, you going anywhere?\" Seamus stopped with his keys in hand and grinned. He turned to find Helen in the middle of the sidewalk. She had redone her makeup, was wearing day old clothing, and had a ratty nap sack looking thing in her hand but she still looked as good as she did yesterday in Auto Shop. \"I was thinking of having a few beers, want to join me?\" He said leaning one hand on his car. \"Well that's too bad, I'm going to be drinking on the beach.\" She grinned. \"Want to join me?\" \"But I can get beer anywhere. What's so special about the beach?\" \"Oh come on I haven't seen you all day.\" Helen whined; weaving her hips side to side as she walked toward him. \"Can't you just give me a few hours?\" Seamus's eyes fell to her lips as she walked closer. \"And what exactly will we do for those few hours?\" He asked fighting not to reach out and touch her. \"You won't know until we get there.\" She said stopping less than a foot away from him. Seamus sighed and looked away from her. \"Get in.\" He muttered. \"Yes!\" Helen cried jumping at him. Seamus dropped his keys to catch her when her legs wrapped around his waist. He was so surprised he didn't then realized she was kissing him till she pulled away. \"You're so...great!\" She kissed him again and jumped down. Before she could run to the other side of the car Seamus grabbed her and kissed her hard, ramming his tongue in her mouth be before she could gasp in any breath. \"You're not so bad yourself. You have the beer right?\" She bit her lip and nodded. \"Well lets get going then.\" He said grinning. Helen spun away from him to the passenger side door. Seamus laughed but got in the driver's side and started the car. \"So what beach are we going to?\" Seamus asked grabbing her around the back of the neck with one hand and bringing her closer to kiss her again. When they broke away Seamus punched it out of the school parking lot. \"Oh did I say something about the beach? I only said that to get into your car.\" Helen said while running her fingers over the place he'd kissed. \"Saints preserve us! I bet the only reason you're going out with me is for my car.\" Seamus said shaking his head in disbelief. \"Well it was the deterring factor. There was already a dark haired sexy Irishman that; I have to admit, kissed just a bit better than you do. But he drove a Gremlin so what could I do?\" She grinned at him. \"You better not of lied about the beer.\" Seamus said trying to look serious. \"Oh I'm sorry I did. I only have tequila.\" Seamus glared at her. \"Do you always lie to get what you want?\" Seamus asked. \"Do always drink when you want to have a good time?\" Helen retorted. \"I'm Irish.\" H e said. \"I'm me.\" She returned. He looked at her. \"But do you have everything you want?\" He retorted. \"I'll tell you in a few years.\" Helen said quietly. She didn't sound sad, only like she was thinking about something. Seamus shrugged. \"I could be anywhere in a few years. It's best to tell me now.\" Seamus said casually resting his hand on her thigh. \"Well that's another reason not to tell you. Got to keep you in suspense for a few years. It may keep you around for a while.\" Helen said lacing her fingers through his. His eyes dropped to their joined hands. He hadn't been exactly planning on holding hands. \"You'll a lest keep me surprised.\" He muttered turning back to the road. Helen laughed. \"What happened to that guy who liked being surprised?\" Helen purred moving closer to him. She sat in between the seats with one leg crossed over his. She held their hands to her so that her lips could just brush over his knuckles. He glanced from her to the road, then quickly chose to covet of her lips. Their tongues, lips, and teeth together in a perfect moment of passion. \"I like good surprises. I don't react well to bad ones. I just don't know which one you are yet.\" Seamus whispered kissing her again. \"I already know what you are.\" Helen purred suggestively. \"Do you really now?\" Seamus said grinning. It would be amusing if she did. \"Yes. You're Seamus O'Grady.\" She bent slowly and started kissing his neck as she spoke. \"And for the next few hours you're all mine.\" She whispered against his ear. Seamus shivered slightly, his eyes fluttering into his skull, before he kissed her again. He let go of her hand so that he could hold her against him. His hand sliding first up to her shoulders then down under the back of her waistline. He moved then under her shirt all the while kissing her with one eye open for the road. Helen's arms were looped around his shoulders. As the kisses changed from one to another she would slide one of her hands down the front of his body. When his hand went under her shirt her hand would dip under his shirt to caress his abs. As they moved Helen's leg would slide up and down Seamus's making it very hard to concentrate on driving. After minutes of this psychical exploration Seamus was forced to pull over. Seamus grabbed Helen around the waist with both hands to haul her into his lap. Helen quickly reached behind her and flipped the radio on high. Her hair was a blond curtain around them as they kissed. Seamus found his hands under her shirt with the webbing of them stretched under her chest. Her hips were throbbing against his as she moved with the kissing. His hands slipped under her bra making her gasp and arch against him. Seamus grinned around their kiss and even laughed at her instant reaction. He kissed her jaw, the shallow of her throat, then pulled her shirt up to kiss her breasts. It was so quick, so gentle; Helen barely had time to revel in the feeling before it was gone. He was back on her lips, kissing her, his hands slipped under her torn jeans to hold her ass. As they kissed he would pull her closer, his thumbs sometimes caressing her hip as they moved. \"You have no idea how good you feel.\" Helen said brushing her lips over his eyelids. He laughed capturing her mouth again with his again. \"Then you'll love how I'll feel inside you.\" Seamus murmured against her lips. His hand came forward and unbuttoned the front of her jeans. One hand sliding down the her stomach to— \"Wait, wait, wait!\" Helen said hastily breaking away from him. Seamus dropped his hands to his sides and stared at her. \"What?\" Seamus asked exasperated. \"I told you on your first date. I'd go as far as I wanted and then I'd draw the line.\" Helen explained. \"And I'm drawing the line here.\" As she spoke the last word she drew two lines above the waist of their jeans; one on her and one on him. \"You have to be kidding me.\" Seamus said. \"You're closing your legs on me?\" \"Oh my god you are such an ass!\" Helen said pushing off of him. \"I'm an ass? Look at what you do to me!\" Helen looked. \"Wow.\" Helen said. Seamus sneered at her. \"Well thanks but that doesn't really solve my problem now does it?\" \"Well I'm not going to solve it for you. And if you're going to act like a damn pansy every time you get into trouble I'm not sure I should be around to tempt you.\" And with that she opened her door and got out of the car. \"Helen!\" Seamus cried. He flew out of his door and started to follow after her but was forced to stop when he reached the end of the trunk. \"Helen would you wait!\" She turned with her arms crossed over her chest. She looked angry and board at the same time. It was like she had heard it a thousand times and really didn't care what he had to say. \"I can't say I'm sorry for what you do to me. But I am sorry for how I spoke to you. I don't want you to leave. I don't even care if you don't want to have sex right now. Well I do care but that's because I'm male. But I won't care if it means you'll stay. I swear I won't touch you as long as...it's...there.\" Seamus said looking amazingly uncomfortable. \"Can I shoot you if you break that promise?\" Helen asked softening to his pleas. He laughed. \"If I touch you again I think I'll be the one shooting.\" He joked. Helen laughed. \"I'm flattered. And there's even no Guinness around.\" She said with a grinned. He grinned too. \"So are you going to stay?\" Seamus asked. \"You remember where the line is?\" \"Yes I remember. And I'll just have to do my best to convince you to move it.\" \"Will see about that.\" Helen said walking back to the car.[Chapter 7] Chapter 7 After the Fight... Seamus was shaking allrnover. He was breathing sharply through his nose in an attempt not tornstart hyperventilating. His head was clutched in his hands bent overrnthe wheel of his car. He had made it to the parking lot but hadn't thernwill to leave it yet. He couldn't stop thinking. 'What the hellrnjust happened?! Everything was going fine! Ok it was going a bit slowerrnthan I wanted but it was fine. Every moment with her was perfect evenrnif we didn't have sex. So it couldn't have been something I did withrnher. There's only one thing I could have done.' \"Jake.\" Seamusrncursed raising his head out of his hands. \"That bastard must have saidrnsomething. I would love pound him into the ground right now.\" Seamusrnshut his eyes and shook his head. \"No that's the last thing Irnshould do. If she were mad because I pushed him around I'd have nornchance if I put him in the hospital. I have to talk to her, make herrnsee reason. Like she would even see me.\" Seamus hissed slamming hisrnfists on the steering wheel. \"Why the hell am I getting so worked up?\" Seamus moaned as the answer leaped out at him. 'Because I love her.' \"Ohrnwhy did this happen to me? She's just like any other girl I've met sornwhy did I fall for her? She has a spirit that's both vibrant andrndelicate. It's like a falling star that you want to hold for your own.rnOh bloody hell I've lost it.\" He moaned dropping his head back onto thernsteering wheel. Helen was walking as fast as she could from the school. She had made it about 3 blocks by now talking to herself the whole way. \"Don'trnthink about him. You don't have to think about him. You are not goingrnto think about him. Don't think, don't think, don't think.\" Helenrnchanted glaring at the sidewalk as she hurried on her way. Shernknew it was narcotic to be talking to yourself like this but unlikernmost she had a good reason for it. If she kept thinking how crazy andrnpathetic she sounded she wouldn't think about him. Like how he walkedrnfor example. With his shoulders leaned forward, his steps quick andrnsure and the look in those hard emerald green eyes when he walked. Likernnothing in the world could get in the way of what he wanted and if theyrndid they would be sorry. \"OH SHIT YOU'RE THINKING ABOUT HIM!\"rnHelen cursed spinning towards a wall and slamming her fists into it.rnShe rested her forehead against the brick and sighed deeply. \"You can'trngo back, it's done. There is no use crying over spilled milk that yourndidn't even spill.\" She turned away from the wall, took a deeprnbreath, and started back home. She waited until she was in her roomrnbefore she started crying. The Next Day \"I'm not seeing him anymore.\" Helen said suddenly. Jake and Ann stopped eating to stare at her. \"What?\" Jake asked sharply. \"I'mrnnot seeing Seamus anymore. I dumped him. Can we drop it now?\" Helenrnsaid stabbing a spork into her school pizza and lifted it to her mouthrnto tear off a piece. \"Why? Why did you leave him now?\" Jake asked. \"Isn't it obvious?\" Ann broke in. \"He pushed his luck and she dropped him on his 'arse'.\" \"Are you ok?\" Jake asked concerned. \"Yes, I'm fine Jake. Why look so troubled? You wanted me to break up with him didn't you?\" Helen asked sarcastically. \"Canrnwe please change the subject? She asked us to drop it and I am fullyrnwilling to. You guys have been so up tight around each other this pastrnmonth I could hardly stand it. What we need now is a party.\" Ann saidrngrinning form ear to ear. \"Party? What party do you now about that we don't?\" Jake asked settling back into his old self. \"Oh a good one, really big, really cool. Just the thing for three friends looking for a good time.\" Ann replied. \"Ok we'll do it.\" Helen said. \"It's about time I spent some time with my friends again.\" Meanwhile at the Irish table. Seamus was staring atrnHelen's blond hair from across the cafeteria. He was trying to think ofrna plan of action. He was tempted to walk over there right then to tryrnto talk to her. But a large part of his brain was telling him thatrnwould be stupid. Another part was thinking how her body felt pressedrninto his. How her hair flipped around her face when she straddled hisrnhips. And how she responded to his lightest with such fire and vigorrnthat it stunned him every time. \"Seamus are you even listening to me?\" Angus said elbowing him. Seamus snapped out of his daydreams. \"I try not to listen to you as much as possible.\" Seamus said. Angus glared at him. \"What wrong with you? You've been in a funk all day.\" Angus asked. He didn't sound mad only amused. \"It's nothing. It will either work its way out or I'll get over it.\" Seamus muttered. \"Well that was vague, even for you.\" Connor said eyeing him. \"Where's Sherry Connor?\" Seamus asked quickly. Connor's face shifted for a second. \"In the library. She's using the computers for some project.\" Connor said hesitantly. \"Oh don't give me that look you know my rules.\" Seamus said waving him off. \"Remind me again.\" Connor said. \"1.rnNo married women. 2. No women with other boyfriends. 3. No seeing morernthan one woman at one time. In other words no cheating all the wayrnaround. It's just safer that way. Because I know you'd put me six feetrnunder before I tried anything.\" Seamus said grinning slightly to putrnConnor at ease. It seemed to work and Connor relaxed. \"Yeah andrnyour puny little ass couldn't stop me.\" Connor said taking a swipe atrnSeamus's shoulder. Seamus deflected it with a quick smack from therninside. \"I don't know about that. I've been getting pretty good over the last few years.\" Seamus said forcing a grin onto his face. \"Yeah to bad Angus is still a poofter.\" Connor said. \"Hey when did I get drawn into this?\" Angus cried. \"Ah drop it. People can't change who they are. And Angus is just a good second man.\" Seamus joked grinning genially now. \"Ok for that little crack you all owe me a favor.\" Angus said. Connor and Seamus stopped and looked at him. \"Oh like that wasn't just planned.\" Connor muttered. \"I don't know what you're talking about.\" Angus said looking at his pizza. \"Drop the shit and ask already.\" Connor snapped. \"I want to meet this one chick someplace but I don't want to go alone.\" Angus explained. \"What like a double date?\" Seamus asked. \"Not exactly, but you could bring dates if you wanted.\" Angus said. \"Fine we'll do it.\" Seamus said. Connor shot a sharp look at him. \"I don't know if I want to do this.\" He said. \"You'll do it.\" Seamus said staring him down. He waited till Connor nodded before continuing. \"Anyway we need a night out.\" A few hours later. \"You didn't say we were going torna frat party.\" Seamus growled as they walked up the walkway. He wasrnwith walking between Angus and Connor. Sherry was on Connor's rightrnwith their arms looped around the others back. And while Sherry wasrnwearing a lime green tube top that demanded notice Connor was wearing arngray T-shirt with a black jacket with white trim. Angus had a dark redrnT-shirt with Asian writing on it and a black leather jacket that had sornmuch metal on it that he set of metal detectors off from miles away.rnAnd Seamus just had on a black soccer jersey with white letters andrntrim with his favorite denim jacket. Already Seamus could seernthree college boys strung out on the lawn that couldn't handle theirrnliquor. Every light in the two-story building was on and hard rockrnmusic was blaring at ear splitting level. Seamus loved the sound ofrnmetal but he hated partying with poofters around. They always tended tornpiss him off. And Angus was always getting in fights when he drankrnaround people he didn't know. Which probably explained why he broughtrnback up with him. \"I didn't think it mattered.\" Angus said avoiding eye contact with his buddies. Connor glared at him. \"I am going to kill both of you boyos for dragging me here and then I'm leaving with my girl.\" Connor growled. \"Quiet, we'll find their crappy beer and be fine.\" Seamus said waving him off. \"Irnam going to find a keg and scare all the preppy fucks away from it.\"rnConnor said firmly. Seamus shot a glance at Connor's towering six-footrnbulk of muscle. \"I believe you.\" Seamus muttered. Therndoors to the place opened letting loose a stream of drunken louts and arnrenewed blast of music. Seamus grabbed a drink out of one of theirrnhands as they stumbled by. He pulled out his lighter and popped the toprnoff of the beer with the bottom of it. \"I am not driving any ofrnyou home just so you know now.\" Seamus said tossing back the drink. Hernmade a face but took another swig off of it. \"That's fine. Ifrneverything goes as planed I'll be getting a ride with the girl.\" Angusrnmuttered scanning the room as they entered the house. Connor rolled hisrneyes. \"I'll see you guys later.\" Seamus said heading down thernhall on his own. He stopped near a side table that had some food on it.rnHe leaned his back against the wall and took another swig of his beerrnas he watched the foot traffic come and go. It was a few minutes laterrnthat Sherry walked up to him. \"I thought you hated that shirt.\" Seamus muttered not looking at her. \"Irndo but Connor wanted me to wear it and he really didn't want to come sornI wore it anyway. So why did you come dateless on this double date?\"rnSherry asked bluntly. \"You would have to be the one to notice.\"rnSeamus cursed under his breath. Sherry stared him down. \"She broke uprnwith me yesterday.\" \"Oh Seamus I'm sorry. Why?\" Sherry said her voice full of friendly concern. \"Irndon't know for sure.\" Seamus muttered. Sherry was largely out of thernloop of the more intense things Seamus and his family did. It was anrnunspoken rule to keep the female side of the O'Grady clan out of therndirtier affairs; that went for girlfriends too. And if his own cousinrndidn't want to tell his girl then it wasn't Seamus's place to do it forrnhim. \"Have you tried talking to her?\" Sherry asked quickly. \"What makes you think I want her back?\" Seamus said shifting his shoulders defensively. \"You'rernat a party and you're not hitting on anyone. Look a red head with longrnlegs!\" Sherry yelled pointing. Seamus glared at her from under hisrneyebrows and took another drink. He glanced at the front door and sawrnAngus slip away with a brunette in tow. \"What am I suppose to do Sherry? She's the one that broke up with me.\" \"Talk to her. Apologize your arse off. It always works for Connor.\" Sherry said placing a comforting hand on his shoulder. \"LikernI'm ever going to get a chance to.\" Seamus muttered looking longinglyrnat the front door. It was at that moment that Helen opened the door andrnwalked into the hall. \"Oh hell no.\" Helen breathed when she saw him. He wasrnwith that red head from yesterday with a drink in hand. Helen spunrnaround so fast she was sure she had dug a grove in the floor. \"Irncan't stay guys.\" She said quickly brushing past her friends. Shernjumped the steps and started walking as fast as she could for the car. \"Wait Helen!\" She heard him holler close behind her. \"Helen would you just listen to me!\" \"What the hell do you want Seamus?\" Helen hissed continuing on her way across the lawn without so much as glancing at him. \"Irnwant you to listen to me!\" Helen was suddenly spun around by thernshoulders and held still by two powerful hands. She was put face tornface with Seamus's gleaming and focused green eyes. She froze as thernshock of how hot he looked settled in. \"Actually Seamus whilernwe're talking I just have to know something.\" Seamus lookedrnuncomfortable but didn't back off. \"Did you start looking the day Irnsaid I wouldn't sleep with you? Or did wait a week to see if I wasrngoing to change my mind before you started looking for someone thatrnwould give it up?\" Seamus stared at her. \"What the bloody hell are you talking about?\" Seamus asked completely confused. \"Ohrngive me a break, I saw the red head. Oh I also have to know, do allrnIrishmen like red heads over blondes or is that just two-timing dogsrnlike you?\" Helen snapped crossing her arms over her chest. Seamus wasrnstill looking incredibly focused on deciphering what she had just said.rnSuddenly his eyes widened and looked over his shoulder toward the fratrnhouse. \"Are you talking about Sherry?\" Seamus asked looking back at her again. \"I don't need names.\" Helen said throwing off his hands and turning away. \"Willrnyou wait!\" Seamus said grabbing her by the hand before she could turnrnfully away. She looked at him again, walls up. \"Give me just twornminutes. That's all I'll need.\" \"And then you'll leave me alone?\" Helen demanded. He nodded. \"Fine, two minutes.\" Seamusrnturned sharply on his heel and started back for the frat house trailingrnher after him. His hand was firmly set around hers as he dragged her uprnthe steps. He paused as he entered trying to look over the tops ofrnpeople's heads for someone. Seeing them Seamus plunged into the sea ofrnthe crowd. Helen was so concern with making her way through the throngrnof bodies that she didn't see who they were working their way to untilrnthey were right in front of them. Helen instantly recognized thernlengthy red head from before. Up close the green top she wore was evenrnmore reveling and seductive. She had stunning blue eyes framed by longrnhair of a natural medium red color. The man standing next to her wasrntall and buff. His black hair was cut very close to his head and had arnbrooding brow shadowing cool brown eyes. And while the girl smiled thernman kept his face completely expressionless. \"Helen, this is myrncousin Connor and his girlfriend of four months Sherry. Sherry, Connor,rnthis is Helen Zzas.\" Seamus introduced. Helen felt like a thin layer ofrnice had sheeted the inside of her stomach. She blinked rapidly as therninformation flittered into her brain. \"It's a pleasure to meetrnyou Helen.\" Sherry said extending her hand. Helen shook it mildlyrnnoting Sherry's elegant Irish accent. Something felt cool in her handrnso Helen glanced down. Sherry had on a sliver ring with a crown, twornhands, and a heart on it. Helen looked and found a matching one onrnConnor's finger. Sherry leaned in close to Helen still grinning. \"Seamus has been talking nonstop about you all month. I think he's a bit crazy about you.\" Sherry confined to her. \"Ohrnshit.\" Helen breathed quietly. Without another word she turned andrnwalked as fast as she could for the door. She pushed people out of herrnway and busted out the front door and onto the porch. She pressed thernback of her hand into her forehead and shut her eyes as she leanedrnagainst a support post. \"Are you ok?\" Seamus asked. \"No, because I can't believe what a moron I am.\" Helen said punching the post with the heel of her palm. \"Do you want to get out of here?\" Seamus asked. \"Hell yes!\" Helen said earnestly. Seamusrntook her hand in his and was leading her down the stairs before herrnmind caught up with her. His hand was firm around hers as if sayingrn'this is mine moved out of my way'. The warmth form his touch pouredrnbut her arm till her face seemed to flush with the heat. Her heart wasrncaught in her throat as they all but ran to his Camaro. He did evenrnpause to ask her where she want to go just got in and drove peeled outrnof there. They were going a pleasant break neck speed before anyonernspoke again. \"So since you're the one that broke it off am I the one that's suppose to beg for you take me back?\" Seamus asked. \"OrrnI could come crawling back.\" Helen said grinning. Seamus's head tippedrnback and made a sort of longing moan deep in his throat. \"Oh baby crawl to me!\" Seamus said as one of his hands rubbed his thigh suggestively. \"No,rnI want to hear you beg first.\" Helen said as she moved closer to himrncarefully and slowly. His eyes were barely turning to the road now. \"Ohrnplease, please crawl to me Helen! Just seeing you on your knees wouldrnmake me take you...back.\" He said adding the last word as if it hadrnthought of it. Her grin was ear to ear now as she pressed her wholernleft side against him. His body shook briefly under hers before hisrntongue plunged into her mouth; the kiss hot and desperate. \"Would it?\" Helen teased when they paused for air. Then he was kissing her again as if there had never been anything else. \"Yes!\"rnHe hissed diving into the kissing with renewed vigor. His fingers werernopen and flush against her back holding her in place. She laughedrnagainst his lips giving her self to the sensation of him. Her rightrnhand locked around the back of his neck as they moved in union withrneach kiss. Their tongues battling for control one moment and thenrndevouring each other the next. Besides Seamus's few peeks at the roadrnthere was nothing else but them. Seamus was the one that stoppedrnfirst dropping Helen back into her seat gasping. The quick lung full ofrnair was mixed with a kind of giddy giggle. Her hand was pressed to herrnchest trying to slow its rapid beating. Seamus was sweating and had tornshake his head to clear it. \"I guess we're back.\" Helen said catching her tongue in between her teeth as the tingly feeling those words brought passed. \"Irnguess you're right.\" Seamus said rubbing her knee reassuringly. He leftrnhis hand there with his thumb slowly trailing back and forth over herrnjeans. \"So where do we go from here?\" \"I don't know. Where arernyou driving us?\" Helen asked purposely acting like she hadrnmisunderstood. Seamus glared at her from under his thick brows briefly.rnShe smiled to show she was joking. He rolled his eyes but was grinningrnslightly as he turned back to the road. \"How about here?\" He saidrnturning off the road. The turn out over looked a section of the cityrnthat was light up like a jewel. Helen was out of the car and in therncool air while Seamus shut off the engine. She spun around with herrnarms flung out about her laughing. Seamus came up behind her and caughtrnher around the waist then pulled to him so that her back was leaningrnagainst his chest. With her still laughing he walked her over to thernfront of his car and leaned against the hood with her leaning on him. \"Yourntake me to the prettiest places Seamus.\" Helen joked trying to stoprnlaughing. He held tighter to her and rested his head on her shoulder. \"Good cause these places are expensive.\" Seamus said. Helen laughed and again. \"Ohrnwhat does a place like this cost me?\" She asked. Seamus spun her aroundrnso she was standing between legs, his hand resting on her hips. \"Let'srnsee what you have.\" Seamus said letting his eyes travel up and down herrnbody. While he said it with a straight face but Helen could see thernmischievous gleam in his eyes. \"But I don't have any money.\"rnHelen said pouting. She inched closer to him as she spoke. Seamus'srneyes fluttered from her eyes, to her chest, and then up to her lips. \"Reallyrnnow? I guess we'll have to think of something else.\" Seamus saidrnslipping his hands under her shirt so that the webbing between hisrnhands were cupped under her breasts. Her arms came up too rest on hisrnshoulders laced her fingers together behind him. She leaned in close,rnher blond hair falling forward to brush against his face, and smiled. \"You'll have to help me I'm drawing a blank.\" Helen said running her tongue along her teeth. Seamus grinned too. Atrnthe same time he slid his hands around her sides to pull her in herrnkissed her. His hands felt huge holding the sides of her rib cage hisrnthumbs still under her breasts. The kiss was quick, hot, and slightlyrntaunting. She responded with wrapping her arms tight around his neckrnand pressing her whole body flush against his. When her hips pressed inrnSeamus let something like a growl escape from his lips even as theyrnwere crushed on her mouth. She would have laughed if his renewedrnwaves of heat haven't taken her full attention. Each kiss wasrnpassionate and primal and she was having a hard time keep up. Her bodyrnpulsed against his in time with the kissing; her hands clamped on herrnelbow, and lower regions buzzing at his touch. Her eyes were closed butrneven if she had opened them she wouldn't have known where she was. Hisrnhands wrapped around her back holding her as close as he could as hernkissed her over and over again. His body was shaking but he felt likernhe was burning alive form the heat between them. Her slim body fitrnperfectly to his muscled frame. Her lower section grinding on hisrnbrought a blissful pleasure that exceeded all else. All at onernshe was the one on the hood. She had scooted her way up it so she wasrnno on her back and Seamus was right there on top of her. One of hisrnhands running up her shirt to grab her but she hardly noticed with thernway he was devouring her neck. He flipped her shirt up and had onernbreast in her mouth to do the same. The pleasure was a shock that hadrnher arching against him and just as quickly he was gone and back at herrnmouth. She was shaking and gasping every time his mouth brokernaway from her lips. One had cradled her neck as he kissed it from thernother side. His free hand slid along her the front of her body to herrnjeans. He had the first button open and her zipper down before shernrealized it. When she did realize it her head snapped down and her bodyrnstopped. When Seamus tried to put his hand lower she pushed him offrnhim. He landed on his ass and stared up at her dumbfounded. \"For the love of Mary mother of Jesus Christ, what the bloody hell is it!?\" Seamus cried exasperated. \"Whatrnthe hell is it with you guys!? It's like the only thing your brainsrnhave room for is sex! Why can't you just stop?!\" Helen yelled rightrnback getting off the car. \"I don't know maybe if we had some I would!\" Seamus said pushing himself off the ground. \"Damnrnit you're a jerk when it comes to this. Why don't you just shake uprnwith someone else to get your fix?\" Helen shot back crossing her armsrnover her chest. \"I don't want anyone else I want you! What thernhell is so wrong with me that you can't stand the idea of sleeping withrnme?\" Seamus said truly pissed off. \"Is that what you think? That it's you? Well it not ok!\" \"Wellrnif it's not me what the fuck is...it.\" He stopped as if some thoughtrnhad just hit him. Helen's eyes suddenly snapped to his filled withrndread. \"Saints preserves, you're still a virgin.\" Helen stared at him for a long moment and then turned and stared walking quickly toward the road. \"Helen wait!\" Seamus yelled running after her. \"Why didn't you tell me you were a virgin?\" \"BecausernI didn't want you to know!\" Helen screamed rounding on him. Seamusrnskidded to a stop and waited for her to go on. \"And guys ever thinkrnafter I tell them is either 'Oh I got to pop that cherry' or 'Oh shitrnI'm not going to get any I should dump her ass'. So if I don't tellrnthem they just act normal for once. But then they get too pushy, Irnrealize what an ass they are, and then I dump their ass before it getsrnthat far. I just didn't want to happen with you.\" \"I neverrnguessed. I thought it was something with me. It's just with the kind ofrnguys you've gone out with and the way you act it didn't seem possible.\"rnSeamus said quietly reaching one a hand. \"Well thanks. You weren't bad yourself.\" Helen snapped slapping his hand way. Seamus frowned slightly at her sour expression. \"Helen I don't care. You know that right? You being a virgin doesn't change us.\" Seamus said peering into her hard eyes. \"Yeahrnso you say. I saw your expression when you found out. Nothing can bernthe same be-\" Her words caught in her throat as Seamus kissed her, hisrnarms wrapped tight around her taut body. He waited till she relaxedrninto it before he let her go. \"We're still us ok? I'm not lettingrngo of you again. We clear?\" Seamus asked quietly as if talking to arnsmall child. She nodded starring into his eyes suddenly feeling quiternclam. He smiled sweetly, his emerald eyes sparking in the headlights.rn\"Jesus, giving me a scare over nothing. Are you ok?\" Seamus saidrnsuddenly leaning in close to look in her slightly vacant face. Shernshook her self and looked at him as if she had just pulled herself outrnof some far off place. \"Oh I'm fine.\" She said quietly. \"I know you are.\" He said smiling and looking her up and down. \"But I'm asking how you are emotionally.\" \"I'm fine.\" She said hitting him. He held his hands up in mock surrender laughing. \"Ok, ok. So you want to stay here or do you want me to take you home?\" Seamus asked grinning wickedly. \"You're only mother-henning me because I'm a virgin.\" Helen muttered. \"Yesrnthat's it, you hit it right on the button. Don't be a knottier Helen.rnI'm only asking to appear like a gentleman. I would much rather havernyou stay here...\" Seamus stepped closer letting his eyes travel onernmore time up her body to lock to lock on her eyes. \"...with me.\" \"Why don't we just go home?\" Helen said grinning too. Seamus shrugged. \"Not what I'd hoped for but yeah ok.\" He said opening her door and leaning on it waiting. \"You know I really can't decide if your charming or just a smart ass.\" Helen said walking back to the car. \"Let'srnsay I'm a charming arse and get in.\" Seamus said nodding inside. Shernstopped and kisses with over the top of the door to the car. He pulledrnaway slightly dazed and smacking his lips happily. \"You're an ass.\" Helen said getting in. Seamus shut the door after her shaking his head. \"That works too.\" He said walking to his side of the car. He got in, revved the engine, and was off speeding down the road. \"Sornthis your first time dating a virgin?\" Helen asked kicking back in herrnseat so that her legs were draped over his lap. He automatically placedrnhis hand on her knee and kept driving. \"No, you get a lot of them in high school.\" Seamus said keeping his eyes one the road. \"Ah, popped a few cherries have we?\" Helen teased. He laughed. \"I said I dated virgins not prudes.\" He said. She kicked him, which only made him grin wider and make a funny face at her. \"Oh I bet by now you have it down to a science.\" Helen said laughing. \"Now that you mention it I do.\" He shot right back. \"Oh I'd love to hear it doctor. Explain to me my situation.\" She said bowing slightly in her seat at him. \"Yourrnsituation is to far away to fix but I'll give you a run down. My guessrnis that you're not really wondering if you'll enjoy sex when you havernit. You more concerned about what the first time will be like. Will itrnhurt? Will it be a mistake? Are you ready for the things that sexrnbrings with it? Will he be the mistake? Everyone has those fears.\"rnSeamus said glancing from her to the road as if to make sure she wasrnlistening. \"But you don't really know if the time's right or anyrnof that till it's over. Then you know that all of those worries werernmeaningless. They were just thoughts and once your past them there'srnothers, some the same and some different. But the sex its self ohrnthat's wondrous. You can get lost in the pure feeling of it, the sheerrnpleasure it brings. That's the really trick with virgins, to make it sorngood the first time that the pain is nothing when compared to thernincredible pleasure you can get from sex. The first time has to bernperfect for them. If not the time, place, or person at lest the act.rnAnd that's about it.\" He had spoken slowly and quietly as if in awe ofrnsomething far bigger then them. It took Helen a minute to realize hernhad stopped speaking. \"You talk a good game.\" Helen said. His eyes flicker to hers. \"Irnplay even better.\" He returned. After a long moment he turned back tornthe road. Helen didn't say anymore, just sat there looking at him lostrnin thought. Seamus listened to the radio and watched the road. Herndidn't know what she was thinking and had no inclination to talk beforernher. They stayed that way all the way back to her house. \"We're here.\" Seamus said pulling up her drive and shutting of the engine. She pulled her self out of her seat to look. \"Wellrnthat was quick.\" She muttered getting out of her seat. Seamus got outrnfirst and waited on the hood for her. When she got out he held out anrnelbow in offering. She grinned and took it. He walked her to the doorrntrying not laughing at the pair they must look like together. Shernopened the door with a key under a dead flowerpot. She was about to gornin when she stopped and looked at him. \"You want to come in? Jimrnwon't get in till late tomorrow. I wouldn't mind the company tillrnthen.\" She said slowly lifting her eyes to his. He stared at herrnsuddenly completely off balance. His eyes were sharp and questioning. \"Arernsure? Because if I step through that door I'm not leaving.\" Seamus saidrnwatching her closely. She grinned and stepped backwards through therndoorway waiting. Seamus leaped through it after her slamming her doorrnclose after him as he wrapped her in a deep kiss. (AN: Rating will be going up. The next chapter is call Make Up Sex'. Can you guess what it's about?)[Chapter 8] Chapter 8 ...Make Up Sex As the door slammed behind him he was alreadyrnkissing her. It was filled with power and need mixed with a desperaternlonging from both of them. His hands were clamped around her face holdrnher tight to him. Her hands had fallen to his chest and before she knewrnit they were ripping at the hem of his shirt to get it off. Seamusrnpulled away just long enough to drop his jacket to the floor, pull thernthing over his head, and he was back. His chest was perfect. Thernskinny form rippled with muscles hidden under his flesh. Tight ropesrnflowed with his every movement. The muscles were evenly tanned to arngolden brown. This bare section of his body reminded Helen of an Irishrngod with raven hair. These thoughts hit almost at the same time for herrnand were gone when he pulled her close to kiss her. It was betterrnthan the first and the start of a long line of kisses that left themrnboth gasping for breath. Her hands roamed over and up his back holdingrnhim as close as she could. He felt every inch of skin on her making itrnall feel like sensation had never existed before this. They air aroundrnthem was charged. The world was spinning so fast it didn't feel real. Leaving was no longer an option for either of them. \"Yourrnroom...where?\" Seamus uttered between the ragged attacks he was makingrnon her neck. One of Helen's arms vaguely pointed toward the back of thernhouse before forcefully demanding his mouth on hers. Seamus stumbled inrnthat direction pulling Helen with him. They almost made it when theyrntripped on each other's feet and fell against the wall. Their laughsrnwere surprised and joyous. Helen caught his eye and together drove intornthe room locked tight from the lips to their ankles. Helen gropedrnaround wildly trying to remember where she had placed her radio withoutrnbreaking contact with Seamus. Finally happening upon it she slammed therndial to the radio and spun the volume up. The sound of rock filledrntheir veins with a beat focusing their bodies into a single purpose, arnsingle movement, and a single soul. Seamus felt up the wallrnflipping on the lights. Helen laughed when her knees hit the edge ofrnthe bed and gave out forcing her to pull him on top of her on the bed.rnHis body sunk into hers while his legs straddled one of her thighs. \"Arernyou sure this is what you want?\" Seamus breathed tearing her shirt uprnover her head. Helen's hands locked around his face like clamps pullingrnhim in place so she could look him straight in the eye. \"Yes I am.\" Her words were spoken slowly her eyes burning into his with hard set confidence. \"That'srnall I needed to hear.\" Seamus said slamming his mouth back on top ofrnhers. At first all he felt was a sweet brush of pleasure on his lowerrnbody, then they were touching closer than ever before, and at last thernshaking in his stomach was also in every nerve of his body. \"Ok I'm not going to ask if you're ready again but we need to go a bit slower.\" Seamus said breaking away from her. \"Yournknow in all the times I imagined my first time I never imagined the guyrnsaying that.\" Helen said acwardly crossing her arms over her chest. Fromrnthis far away Seamus couldn't see if she was shaking too. He could seernthe gentle slope of her shoulder as it flowed into her collarbone. Thernsight of it distracted him for a moment just long enough to let Helenrnget uncomfortable. \"No, Helen don't get me wrong.\" Seamus saidrnfalling to his knees once he saw the change in her mood. \"I don't wantrnto stop. But the thing of it is if we keep going at the pace we've beenrngoing I'm not going to last more than a few minutes. But I want ourrnfirst to last as long a humanly possible. That's all right with yournisn't it?\" He eyes were burning with a fire so intense that she couldrnfeel the warmth spilling up from her knees where his hands touched her. \"Now that's exactly what I'd hope you'd say.\" Helen said grinning. \"Thisrnis the part of the relationship were you have to trust me.\" Seamusrnwhispered as his hands moved slowly up her thighs. He felt a smallrnquiver run through her but her eyes kept locked on is. \"Lean back, andrntry to stay very calm.\" A rush of air left Helen's lungs beforernshe closed her eyes and leaned back. Seamus rose off his knees crawledrnslowly onto the bed next to Helen's side. His eyes started at herrnhalf-buttoned jeans and worked it's self up. Her breathing was quickrnand tense as he watched her chest heave up and down. Seamus reached outrnhand and rested it lightly on her stomach. Helen's breathingrnslowed under his eye but her body lay still waiting. With his handrnin-sink Seamus let his eyes roam up over her denim-patterned bra to herrnpale exposed neck to where it joined her jaw. The instant his lipsrntouch there Helen's whole body arched but against his, her head pressedrntight into the bed. Her mouth gasped open in shock. One of hisrnlegs threaded its self through one of Helen's locking her body aroundrnhis. His free hand scoped under the small of her back to hold her up,rnhis palm was flush against her skin. The kisses he was laying on herrnneck were long, hot, and left her burning for more. And Seamus wasrnhappy to serve with his mouth running from just under her jaw, down tornbarely above the slope of her bra, and back up the other side of herrnneck. Sometimes his tongue would lash out sending a new shock runningrndown her system. \"More?\" Seamus whispered as he moved slowly uprnthe front of her neck sheering a path to her lips. A shutter racedrnthrough Helen making her release of breath shaky and hollow. \"More.\" Helen urged. Her arms laced around his head pulling him down into a long kiss that left both their bodies tingling. \"You do know that after this I'll never let you go right?\" Seamus asked looking calmly from her lips and back up to her eyes. \"Irndon't want you to.\" Helen said as one of her hands trailed down thernside of his face as she looked up at him. His eyes flickered slightlyrnas he gazed down at her. Seamus kissed her again. His handsrnlapsed over the front of her jeans and hooked his fingers around therntop button. As his tongue slipped into her mouth Seamus slipped thernfront of her jeans open. Helen was so distracted by the kiss that shernhardly noticed. Seamus slipped his hands on either side of her hipsrnunder her pants. Helen scrambled further up her bed kicking off herrnshoes as she did so. Seamus had to force him self away so that herncould undo his own jeans. While he was able to kick off his shoesrnstanding he had to sit on the edge of the bed to pull off his socks. Hernshimmied out of his jeans when Seamus felt Helen at his back. In onernarm she held her jeans and denim bra and let them drop to the floor atrnhis feet. His eyes locked on the clothes and the air rushed out of hisrnlungs as Helen's bare chest brushed against his back. \"Oh we are going to be brilliant together.\" Seamus whispered with a grin. Seamus'srneyes opened slowly. The morning light didn't hurt him because there wasrnwhat looked like a blanket was thrown over the curtain rod to blockingrnit. He squinted at it for a while trying to gather a clear thought intornhis head. He must have fallen asleep again because after waking uprnagain he noticed that he didn't have full use of one of his arms.rnTossing his head to one side he squinted down at what ever was. All herncould see at first was a blurry blond thing on his shoulder. Shuttingrnhis eyes for a second he pushed up one side of his body to see what wasrnweighing him down. From this new angle Seamus could see that itrnwas actually Helen's head that was lying on his shoulder. Not only thatrnbut one of her arms was thrown across his chest, her palm curled overrnhis heart. Looking lower he saw that one of her legs had escaped therntangle of sheets and was also draped across him. Seamus grinned rollingrnhis tongue around in his mouth at if savoring a forgotten taste. Hernfell back on the mattress and sighed loudly to himself. He craned hisrnneck around trying to spot a clock or a calendar if need be. He notedrnthat she was no better a keeping a clean room than he was. Clothes ofrnquestionable status were flung and over the room, not including thernones they through off last night. The radio and the floor by the footrnof the bed were stacked with CD's and tapes. Posters of all types werernplastered to the walls form things like rock bands, cars, and...the XrnGames? Seamus was about to give up the search for the clock whenrnhe noticed one of Helen's bras seemed to be hanging off something onrnthe nightstand. He snatched at it and reviled a plastic tennis shonernwith red glowing numbers on the tongue reading 10:34. Seamus groanedrnand rolled his head over to look at Helen again. With his leftrnhand he trailed a finger from the tip of her nose up to the middle ofrnher eyebrows. Her face stirred but not enough. He did it again going uprnand down till the sensation finally broke through her senses. When itrndid she dived her head into his shoulder trying to get away from it. Hernlaughed and gently poked her shoulder. \"It's time to get uprnbird.\" Seamus murmured trying to coax her wake. Her head struggled uprnand squinted at him for a long moment before she seemed to get who wasrnspeaking to her. \"Oh.\" Helen muttered looking down at how theirrnbodies were arranged. She rubbed her eyes with her whole arm and thenrnflopped back down on him. She looked up at him and smiled tiredly. \"Hey you. What are you doing here?\" She teased. \"I don't really know. I just woke up and found this completely naked woman next to me.\" He replied. She frowned at him. \"Irnam not completely naked.\" Helen muttered lifting up the sheet. Sherndropped it back down and looked at him. \"Look at that I am. You are toornby the way.\" \"I should damn well hope so!\" Seamus yelled grabbingrnup the sheet himself. Helen cried out and pulled the sheet down aroundrntheir heads. They were then face to face under the cloth, they smiledrnat each other. \"Top of the morning to yeah.\" Helen said glancing from his eyes to his mouth. He kissed her slowly with both their eyes open. \"Howdy.\"rnHe said grinning. \"Are you hungry? Because I am suddenly starving!\" Hernsaid pulling her tight against him. She laughed and hit him playfully.rnSuddenly her eyes flashed open and her head shot out from under thernsheets. \"Shit what time is it?\" She cried. \"10: 30 something.\" Seamus said confused. Helen spun out of bed making a mad dash to find workable clothes. \"Shit we're missing it!\" She yelled pulling a blue tank top over her head. \"Missing what?\" Seamus said looking around for his misplaced boxers. \"Saturdayrnmorning cartoons.\" She said tripping over her cut off shorts as shernsped out the door. Seamus stopped and stared after her with his pantsrnin one hand. \"Cartoons?\" He said quietly to him self. Rememberingrnhis pants he strapped them on and followed after her. He found herrncrouched next to the TV with a remote in her hand rapidly flippingrnthrough channels. He leaned his lean frame against the wall and cockedrnhis head to one side to watch her. \"Yes! We didn't miss them all. What?\" She asked suddenly noticing how he was looking at her. \"You watch cartoons?\" He said trying not to laugh. \"Out shut up or I won't make you my special toast.\" Helen snapped walking past him to the kitchen. \"What'srnso special about it?\" He asked grabbing her from behind her tightrnagainst him so his head rested next to her ear. \"Do make it naked?\" Hernwhispered. She smacked him. \"No I make it with peanut butter, chocolate sauce, and pickles.\" She said. Seamus let go as fast as he could. \"That's ok I'm not hungry.\" He said jumping up to sit on one of the counters. Helen rolled her eyes at him. \"Just be glad I said pickles I usually make it with asparagus.\" She informed him. \"Why would you do such a weird thing?\" Seamus cried shaking off his feeling of disgust. \"There'srnthis northern California town that has Asparagus Days. They made up allrnthese cool recipes for it and I happen to like this one. I mean hagusrnis a lot weirder in my book.\" She said getting out her supplies. \"Irnwill reminded you that is a Scottish recipe, not Irish.\" Seamus saidrnglancing at how she looked in cutoffs. \"How about you leave the veggiesrnoff the toast and I'll eat it.\" \"Suit yourself.\" She saidrnshrugging. He watched her making breakfast for a while and then went inrnto sit on the couch. She flopped onto the couch with him a few minutesrnlater. She laid her head in his lap and she waved a very weird lookingrnplate of toast under his nose. He snagged one of the non-green ones andrntook a large bite. \"Much better than hagus.\" Seamus said looking toward the TV. She laughed gazing also at the TV. \"Wellrnthat's good to know.\" She said. And for a while they just sat thererneating toast and watching TV in quiet comfort. With it being so late inrnthe morning they were watching the last show of the day. It was one ofrnthe older cartoons made in the 60's or so and was called something likernPenelope Pitstop. He wasn't so fond of the dumb blond with the scarf,rnor the 7 midget mobsters with her, but the bad-guy was growing on him. \"Damnrnthat should be the last of the cartoons.\" Helen muttered as the showrnended. Seamus's hand had been lightly passing over her bare mid-driftrnfor the past half hour without his knowing it till Helen placed herrnhand on top of his. He cocked his head around so that he could lookrndown on her. \"So what would you like to do now?\" Seamus asked,rnhis hand creeping up her shirt as he spoke. Helen turned herself aroundrnon the couch so that she ended up straddling his lap. Seamus's handsrnlooped around her back so that they ended up in her back pockets. \"WellrnI do have some ideas.\" Helen said her arms resting on his shoulders.rnShe was trying very hard not to smile but Seamus could see itrnglimmering in her eyes. Seamus on the other hand wore a broad grin onrnhis face while his eye looked her up and down. \"Do you now?\"rnSeamus said letting each word roll off his tongue. Before he got thernchance to close his mouth Helen's own tongue was deep in his mouth. Hernsucked in air through his nose and released his hands so they couldrnthread up her back and into her hair. \"Do you think 2 in 24 hoursrnis asking too much?\" Helen asked her fingers twirling in his hair asrnshe kept kissing him. He used both of his hands to pull her head backrnso he could look her in the eye. \"With you I wouldn't think 24rntimes in 24 hours would be too much to ask.\" Seamus said grinning.rn\"Really I thought it would be me pounding down your door once we hadrnthe sex but if you want to pound me that's fine too.\" \"You are sornsick!\" Helen said trying to take a smack at him. He was laughing evenrnbefore he caught her hands, his eyes dancing with mischief. \"I'mrnsick!\" Seamus cried in mock horror his hands digging into her sidesrntill she was thrashing in giggles trying to get away. \"I was just arnpoor Irish boy minding my own business when this American girl startedrnmolesting me! I was powerless to stop her! Powerless I say!\" He criedrnlaughing out of control as Helen tried to tickle him back. \"Oh you're a liar! I'm Australian in origin.\" Helen said. \"Sornthat's where your name comes from. I just thought after your bestrnass-et.\" Seamus replied laying heavy emphases on the last word. Herrneyes grew wide as she stared him down. \"Oh you're so gonna get it now!\" Helen cried diving at him. \"Ahh!\"rnSeamus yelled fighting his way up out of a hail of searching fingers.rnHe was able to throw her off him and on to the couch. Once he was onrnhis feet Seamus scooped up Helen right into his arms kicking andrnhollering. \"No, no, no, no!\" Helen cried laughing hysterically.rnSeamus kicked in her bedroom door and dropped her on the bed. With themrnboth laughing Seamus jumped on her, pulling her under him. \"So about that second time around?\" Seamus asked grinning for ear to ear. An Hour Later \"Whatrnare you writing?\" Seamus asked. His hands were laced behind his headrnand his back was leaning against Helen's headboard. Helen was writingrnsomething just below his belly button with a pen. Helen lifted her handrnaway to show him. \"Oh bloody hell.\" Seamus muttered shaking his head inrnamusement. 'This is mine. HZ' with an arrow pointing down. \"Just a little something to remember me by.\" Helen said crawling back up to him. \"Wellrndoesn't mean you need something to remember me by?\" Seamus said lookingrnaround her room for something. He smiled as he suddenly spottedrnsomething. Seamus leapt forward and scooped up something off Helen'srndresser. \"What are you doing?\" Helen asked leaning in. The firstrnflash of the camera took her by surprise. \"Ah! No, not the disposablerncamera!\" Helen said grabbing for it. Seamus held it out of reach andrnflashed it again. \"What, camera shy?\" He asked trying to keep arnstraight face. FLASH. \"I'm only doing this for you.\" He said taking arnshot of himself with a big fake grin on his face. \"I am neverrngoing to develop that.\" Helen warned abandoning her attempt to stealrnthe camera. Seamus flashed the camera again catching her laughing. \"Well then I'll just have to do that for you.\" Seamus said flashing a picture of himself with his eyes bugged out. \"Oh if I didn't want to fuck you tomorrow I'd hit you.\" Helen threatened. Seamus grabbed her and hauled her to him. \"Oh you know you love me.\" Seamus teased flashing the camera on the both of them. \"I do you know.\" Seamus stopped flashing the camera and stared at her for a second. \"Did you just say that you love me.\" He asked watching her. \"I guess I did.\" Helen said smiling. \"That a problem?\" \"No, I just think it's the first time you said it.\" He replied. \"OkrnI'll say it again so you get over the shock. I love you.\" She looked atrnhim for a second. \"So...got anything to say to me?\" \"I don't like say things I don't mean.\" Seamus said. Helen's face cooled. \"So you don't. You slept with me twice but you don't love me.\" \"I didn't say that.\" Seamus said sitting up straight. \"I knew you were a player. I just don't know why I expected more.\" Helen said calmly sitting up from him. \"Helenrnthere is a big difference between who you go to bed with and who risesrnwith you to face the day. Helen I haven't had someone like that before.rnBut Helen I have never felt this way before. When you dumped me Irncouldn't think, I couldn't function; all I wanted was you back. SornHelen I think I do love you.\" Seamus finished. Helen stared at him forrna minute. \"You're really a romantic at heart aren't you?\" Helen asked. Laughed waving her off. \"Nowrndon't be calling a sow's ear a silk purse.\" Seamus said shaking hisrnhead. \"I need to take a shower but we can do anything you want afterrnthat.\" He said getting up off the bed. Helen rolled on her backrnand hung her head off the side of the bed to watch him go. There was arndoor to the bathroom in her room so he didn't have far to go. Evenrnafter he closed the door Helen stayed put and listened to the runningrnwater. She was debating whether or not to go in and join him when therndoor slammed open again. Seamus stood dripping wet with a towel wrappedrnaround his hips looking at her in disbelief. \"You wrote it in permanent ink!?\" Seamus asked slightly pissed. \"I have to go to mass tomorrow!\" \"What,rndo you take your shirt off during mass?\" Helen asked with a huge grinrnon her face. Seamus glared at her. \"Ah Seamus you I'm only did forrnyou.\" She said in a childishly mocking voice. Seamus hooked his fingerrnaround to beckon at her. Sighing she rolled off the bed and slanderedrnher way over to him. \"You are going to come into the shower withrnme and help me wash this off.\" Seamus said quietly, letting only hisrneye glow with humor. \"Well, if you put it like that...\" Helen said her eyes flickering up and down his body as she spoke. (AN:rnNext time Helen looses a friend and Seamus brings a guest to dinner. Ifrnthat sounded cryptic to you...good. Review or you will neverrnunderstand. Oh and by the way I haven't up dated on 'Better leftrnForgot' because of school and writing this chapter so you'll have tornwait, sorry.)[Chapter 9] Ch. 9 Dinner Helen was bouncing through the halls next Monday morning brimming with the news of her now non-virgin status. She was at school early just because she couldn't sleep she as so exited to tell her friend Ann the news. They had both been figuratively placing bets on who would loose it first for a while now and Helen was dying to tell her she beat her to the finish line. Plus there was all the steamy sorted details she was going to share with her that would take up lots of time before class even started. First she'd explain why she left the party almost after just getting there, then a full disclosure of the car-make-up-make-out session, leading to the involuntary discovery of her virgin status. She'd then go into how great Seamus reacted. What he said that night that had revealed to her that she with a guy that cared about her, not just about what he could get out of her. He knew what she needed, what she was ready for, and that he felt as strongly for her as she did for him. She would then cite this as why she made the decision to have hot wild sex with the vigorous, demanding, and oh so orgasmic Irishman. Life was perfect… …for about two minutes. \"What the fuck were you doing Friday?!\" Helen whirled to find Jake standing right behind her. His lilac dreads only slightly masking the seething anger coming form his eyes. Ann stood like a doe caught in the headlights at his side apparently as shocked as Helen at his livid tone. \"Excuse me?\" Helen asked not for the first time completely confused by Jake's pendulum moods over the past few months. \"I saw you leave with him,\" he said. \"What? You dump him on his ass and it takes you less than 24 hours to fucking let him back into your life? What the fuck Helen! You were out! What the fuck are you thinking letting him pull you in?\" The crowd of students around them were suddenly quite; most having stopped walking where the were to stare at the scene. Helen felt two emotions flood her system with the combined force of a hurricane: anger and hurt. She stilled under their grasp the only sign of their presence the tightening of her hands into fists and the welling of tears in her eyes. She rolled her head cracking every joint in her neck and took a steadying breath before speaking in a calm, clear, and hushed tone. \"What Jake, jealous? That I'm in a relationship with someone that cares about me while you're stuck yapping at Ann's heels?\" For that moment Jake's mask of righteous anger was replaced with the horror of a 17 year-old boy betrayed by his best friend. One quick look at Ann to see if she heard and he blushed a dark red. Quickly ducking his head toward the ground to hide behind his hair. \"Seamus and I are going to be together for a while if last night was any indication. And if you can't deal with that…Jake, then I don't really need you as a friend.\" Jake raised up his tear filled eyes to meet her gaze. \"When you realize what a mistake you made, don't expect me to be there.\" He turned and made his way down the hall without uttering another word to his once friend, Ann trailing behind him with one last look behind her. Jake left knowing that Helen was someone you don't let go of, and combined with Seamus's background it couldn't end well for her. Helen would later look back on that moment and blame it on her youth, her naive, and her temper. But at the time she blamed it on love. Two Months Later \"You miss them, don't you?\" Helen rolled her eyes up toward Seamus form her vantage-point at his feet. On this particular Saturday afternoon they were lying head to feet in Seamus's warehouse loft by the family shipyards. The numerous heavy curtains pulled back from the nearly floor to ceiling windows to flood the eclectic mess that was like home to both of them own. The bookshelves filled with more junk then books, over stuffed mismatched sofas pull from dumpsters, and old hardwood floors the color of weeks old coffee. \"Who you talking about? Connor, Angus? Hell no. Sherry? Well it has been a week.\" She said continuing to paint Seamus's toes Watermelon Rhine as was her weekly tradition of fucking with him the day before he went to Mass on Sunday. He could always find a way to get rid of it before going but he didn't. \"Have you even talked to them?\" She tipped her head back to glare at him. \"No. To both. I don't want anything to Jake, Jake doesn't want anything to do with me, and Ann chose his side. There is really nothing more to it.\" She finished the last toe and got up. Seamus grabbed her hand and pulled her to him. He kissed her long and hard. A wicked grin spread across his face. \"I got a little something for yeah.\" He sang with uncontrolled glee. She shoved him playfully in the chest. \"If it's anything like the 'little something' you gave me at the theater last Tuesday you can kept it to yourself.\" \"You're the bloody one that pushed me on the floor and had your way with me!\" \"After you put your hand up my skirt! I still don't know how that fucking movie ends. All because of you.\" She shoved harder. Seamus grabbed two hand full of her ass, laughing at her attempts to get free. \"And who just happened to be wearing a skirt to the darkened public setting. And you liked what I did under that skirt, you repaid me with interest\" He took one last hard squeeze and let her go, almost dropping her on the floor. \"But that's not what I got for you today.\" He leaned over and pulled out a white shirt box from under the bed where it had been waiting. Helen took it in both hands rubbing her thumb over the brown silk ribbon. She eyed him then eyed the present. \"What's in it?\" Suspicious. \"Nothing naughty if that's what you're hoping. Sherry helped me pick it out last week.\" He said rolling to sit on the edge of the bed now. She continued to eye him. He gave an open mouthed laugh and push her off the bed. \"Open the damn thing\" She suck out her tongue, pulled the ribbon off in one motion, and pulled off the lid. Helen stopped breathing as she stared silently at the contents of the box. On Seamus's part he had been expecting more of the Helen usual; yelling, jumping, panties flung in his general direction, ect. But the quite, almost reverent, way she gazed on his gift so completely touched Seamus in a way her wasn't sure he could define. \"You do like it right?\" He asked shifting uncomfortably. Helen hooked the straps in one hand letting the other drop the rest of the box to the floor to allow the white poka-dotted brown dress to unfold form its plain confines. Her eyes slid from the graceful curve of the neckline, over the wide matching belt, to the bell shaped skirt bound to swirl around her knees as she walked. \"It's like the one from Pretty Woman.\" Her hand flew to her mouth as if she was dimly trying to hide her smile. \"Sherry and I found it in a gently used designer store. Dumb shits that wore it once then dumped it for next season..\" He tugged at the skirt to get her attention on him. \"You always said this was your favorite dress she wore. I thought you'd like one for yourself.\" Her head flew up and down enthusiastically. Seamus jumped up from the bed and dragged her to the full length mirror he kept near his bed by her waist. She held the dress in front of her by each strap with a dramatically cocked hip. \"God Seamus it's gorgeous. I hate to tell you this but I don't have anywhere to ware it.\" She shook out her hair to make her image more convincing. Seamus answered her between kissing each of her knuckles. \"That's the other thing,\" Kiss. \"I was thinking that,\" Kiss. \"We should have,\" Kiss. \"Dinner tomorrow.\" Kiss. \"Tomorrow's Sunday.\" Helen reminded off handedly. Seamus switched hands. \"I know.\" Helen blinked. Her brows knit together and she blinked again. \"You want to have dinner tomorrow…with your parents?\" He grinned and twisted her around so that she was facing him. He ducked his head down so that he was eye to eye with his bird. \"That's ok right?\" \"Are you serious?\" Helen asked dubiously. \"More serious than I've ever been.\" A slow drag of lips across hers before pulling her tight against him. \"Fuck, I got to try this thing on now.\" Helen said with a hard shove toward the bed. Seamus flopped down without resistance onto his back. \"You take what you're wearing off and you won't have time to get anything back on.\" He promised. Helen gave him a long look over her shoulder. Without breaking eye contact she hooked both thumbs under the waist of her shorts and pulled them to the ground. Seamus sat up, fists wrapped in the sheets. \"Oh you're asking for it now girl.\" He grabbed her hand tossing her against him so that his face was buried in her breasts. Her hands that were threading their way through his hair suddenly stopped. \"I don't actually have to go to Mass with you do I?\" She asked showing the first bit of apperception about the whole affair. Seamus laughed. \"After what I'm about to do to you, you'd burn before you got to the pew.\" 32 Hours Later \"This was a bad idea. I think I'm going to puke.\" Seamus looked at Helen who was seated in the parked car with him. She was wearing the dress, the shoes that he had forgotten to give her with the dress, and his St. Christopher medal that she thought might make up for not going to Mass with him. Her make up was subdued as opposed to her usual, hair gelled flat and pulled back in to a giant swirl of a pony tail, and her hands were shaking. Seamus grabbed her hand form her lap and looked her directly in the eyes. \"You got nothing to be worried about. My mum's a saint and she keeps my da in line. Just remember don't mention religion, the IRA, politics, the English (unless it is in a negative way), lawyers, the value of the American dollar, don't call football soccer, or mention the Dodgers.\" \"He hates the Dodgers?\" \"No he hates their name.\" A thick Irish brogue dripped form his lips in a tone far deeper than his own. \"Dodgers? What kind of name is that for a sports team? These Americans, what, they think they have to dodge away from the ball?\" Helen stared laughing. \"No? Really?\" He nodded. \"Same line…every time. I am begging you of all the subject s to avoid, avoid that one the most.\" \"Got it.\" She said leaning in to kiss him silly. And she would have to if they hadn't been interrupted at that moment by a knock on the window. They both slammed back into their seats to look out the passenger window. They both stared blankly at the middle aged male man dressed in a 3-piece suit despite the warm night. \"Dinner will be served in 10 minutes Mr. O'Grady.\" Seamus reached across Helen to roll down the window. \"Tell my da we'll be in right quick, yeah?\" The man nodded and returned to the open doorway. Seamus rolled up the window. Helen was looking at the house that the man had disappeared into. \"How much does a house like this run for anyway. I'm thinking somewhere between a Ferrari and selling your soul to the devil. Complete with minions and cronies.\" Helen was turned away so she didn't catch the look that pasted over his face. He hesitated before answering with a clearing of his throat. \"Nah nothing like that grand. My da made a lot of money in the family business and pissed off a couple of people doing it. He's more managerial material now but all the same he keeps a couple of his buddies around just in case yeah see. So just pay them no mind and enjoy yourself ok?\" \"Hey now you sound nervous.\" \"I just don't want you to get a wrong impression of my family is all.\" He opened the door signaling that it was time. Seamus stuck out his hand as he came around the car and they walked hand in hand up the pristine white steps. \"Are those doors real hardwood?\" \"Yep, made by hand in Ireland. Like all good things.\" He whispered in her ear. \"Oh and you too, right?\" Seamus pinched her ass. \"Shut up. In this house I'm an angel and you're the evil temptress.\" \"The Angel Seamus, nope never met him. You're doing this to distract me aren't you?\" \"Yes, tell me when it starts working.\" He pushed open the door and hauled her inside before she could change her mind. They stepped into the marble entrance hall. Tastefully painted walls holding up eleven foot ceilings, museum quality art work hanging from the walls, statues propped on pedestals, huge tropical plants growing beside hardwood panels. A grand staircase on the other side of the hall lined with family photos worked its way to the upper story. The lone sign of mess was the abandoned dog toy by the doorway. \"Don't worry the rest of the house is hardwood. Every other year my mates and I have to refinish it.\" Seamus laughed swinging her around the room by their joined hands. \"And I do believe that it needs it again this year. Don't you agree Seamus?\" As the female speaker walked into the room Helen immediately saw the family resemblance. It wasn't the hair, for hers was deep auburn red mixed with brown highlights. The eyes were the wrong color, light green instead of dark drown. But it was there in the features. The curve of an eyebrow, the shape of the nose, or the way her jaw met her neck. But the intelligence in the eyes, the refined way she carried herself, and the breeding evident in her voice as all her own. \"Mum, didn't see you there!\" Seamus glanced from her to Helen. \"Mum, this is Helen Zass, Helen this is my mum Eilis O'Grady.\" Helen stuck out her hand with a grip on Seamus in the other. \"It's a pleasure to meet you Mrs. O'Grady. Seamus has told me great things about you.\" She said. Eilis shared a sly smile with her. \"So I take it he hasn't told you much about us then?\" \"Not really?\" \"Don't worry about it dear. If Seamus was being a thoughtless dolt you're not to blame.\" She said patting her hand kindly. Helen snorted through her nose trying not to laugh. \"OY!\" Seamus yelled pulling them apart. \"That's enough of that business!\" Eilis winked at Helen behind his back. Helen was really starting to like her. \"Here's my shining boy! You took your own time getting here.\" An older slightly shorter version of Seamus walked in. Thick brows, straight black hair curling behind the ears, with beefy arms and shoulders. He wore a trendy suit rolled up to the elbows, no tie, and huge glittery expensive watch secured to his wrist. \"Saints preserve us Seamus! What are you wearing?\" Seamus looked down at his dress shoes, slacks, and soccer jersey. \"What? I wore the slacks.\" \"I'll wear your hide if you don't stop acting like a fucking brat. This boy here thinks that just because he's my first born son he can get away with murder.\" He leaned in toward Helen with a wicked grin. \"And he's right.\" \"Da.\" Seamus in a tone that clearly said 'knock-it-off-its-not-funny'. \"Helen this is my da Michael O'Grady, da this is Helen Zass.\" \"A pretty name for a pretty girl.\" He remarked kissing her hand. Michael stepped back putting an arm around his wife. Helen blushed slightly. She tried for humor. \"I get that line a lot but usually in a different context.\" Michael's eyes turned serious. \"No I'm pretty sure this is the same context.\" Helen felt a sliver of ice flip over in her throat. Seamus laughed tugging lightly on her hand. \"My da's a comedian. He's been faithfully married to my mom a long time. He just likes people to think he hasn't.\" Eilis slipped her hand inside Michael's suit jacket and pulled him close. \"I put up with him because I have a sense of humor and absolute faith in his honesty.\" A long kiss with a lingering look followed this statement. Michael had a huge wolfish grin and a raised eyebrow. \"These two, they never let me have my fun.\" He eyed Helen over from across the hall. \"But you don't seem to thrilled either, so let's go eat.\" Michael hooked his arm through Eilis's and lead the way through entrance hall, the plush living room, and the old fashioned sitting room into the formal dinning room. A long dark wood table against the side wall acted as a buffet generously heap with silver platters, dishes, and plates. The main table was identical save the place setting for four and it's enormous size. \"Mum likes multi-course dinners but da likes to eat all at once. So they do it this way.\" Seamus whispered in her ear. Helen nodded. \"I know you said you weren't hurting for money but I had no idea.\" She answered back. Seamus ran his tongue over his teeth. \"Yeah um…you know that little thing you didn't want to tell me because you thought it would change our relationship? This is my thing.\" He said quietly. Helen laughed. \"Well we all have our issues.\" Seamus laughed and steered her toward the buffet were his parents were already helping themselves. \"We have a cook because we don't have the time to do it ourselves but we only hire servers for very large parties.\" Eilis explained as Helen came up next to her. Helen nodded taking her plate from Eilis's offering hand. \"Seamus helps with that job every time we have a just family get together. When we have one of those we send all the staff home so that we can cook and present the food we prepare.\" Helen glanced at Seamus who was following their conversation with undisguised distress. Helen could just see him swooping into a full room full of happy bustling relatives balancing heavy platters of steaming food on each shoulder. Setting the food down with a false flourish and being the happy recipient of hardy back slapping from an approving uncle or cousin. She smiled when he rolled his eyes up into his head before leading the way back to the table. Helen was mildly surprised when Seamus set his and her plate down before pulling out the chair for her. He jerked his head toward the chair with a hurried look of 'hurry-your-asrse-up-before-they-relize-I-don't-usually-do-this-sort-of-thing'. As she stepped in front of the chair as Seamus mouth shadowed her giving her directions. \"Stand as close as you can to the table and I'll push the chair up behind your knees, then sit.\" Helen smiled winningly at Mrs. O'Grady across the table where her husband was doing the same for her. When they were all seated, Mr. O'Grady at the head of the table with Mrs. O'Grady and Seamus on each side with Helen on Seamus's other side, the conversation resumed. \"Do you have a lot of family parties?\" Michael looked up at her over his plate. \"Not as often as we'd like to or as many members as either. It's hard when most of your family lives abroad.\" He commented. \"But you have some family over here right? Conner and others? Is any of Conner's family over here in the states?\" Michael snorted through his nose and went to work on his dinner with renewed vigor. Eilis gave him a harsh look and smiled kindly at Helen. \"My husband isn't every fond of the reason Connor's with us in America. Connor doesn't have any immediate family here but he is here with a lot of extended family. It makes for difficult family politics.\" Eilis explained. \"I never really understood that. I mean he and Seamus are cousins and friends what's the politics side?\" \"The simple answer is that Connor is fifth in line to take over the family business. The harder explanation is that Michael is not the first born in his family. His sister Mary is, she feels that she should inherit instead of Michael. When we came over to here to expand the market Mary's husband Alexander stepped into Michael's shoes and has been making play to take over. Connor's has an older brother David who's being set up to take over operations in Ireland after his father and Connor's being set up over here.\" \"But you're so tight with him?\" Helen asked completely confused. Seamus shrugged. \"He's family. I've known Connor ever since I was born. His da's an asrse but Connor doesn't have to be like him. Honestly I don't think Connor likes his da much. If I had to pick someone to second me in a fight it would be Connor, plain and simple.\" \"So my brother-in-law wants a proxy and my son wants a second. And I have to be nice because they're all family.\" Michael sighed. \"But the fact is our business was made by O'Grady's and it's going to stay an O'Grady business.\" \"Anyway, we are very fond of Connor. He has been Seamus's best friend since they could walk. I remember this one time they stole a crate of fudge that we were going to serve at a party later that week,\" Eilis started laughing. \"We fond them sick to their stomachs in a crawl space under the house. And they were just five at the time!\" Seamus was glaring at his mum darkly from the other side of the table. He was the only one not laughing. \"What is this story time? Why the gab mum?\" Eilis looked at Helen before answering. \"Because this is the first time you've brought a girl to Sunday dinner. So I know I can tell her about you because I know how you must feel about her.\" Seamus spared a deadly glare at his mother before dropping his gaze to his still fork and knife. Helen had a slight smirk pulling at the corners of her mouth when he bit the bullet and looked at her. \"You didn't mention that I was the first girl to come to meet your parents.\" Glee and restrained humor dripped from her every word. Seamus kept staring at Helen, he licked his lips. \"Well this is going better than I thought.\" Seamus muttered turning back to his plate. \"Seamus, you should really use your words before creating situation like this.\" Helen said pulling him close so she could kiss the side of his head. \"What talk when you can act right?\" Seamus said with a joking shrug. Eilis smiled and Michael just looked between Seamus and Helen with blank faced interest. \"Quite right. Why that has been true for you since…\" Dinner went like that for the next hour and half with Eilis O'Grady leading Helen through story after story from Seamus adventurous past. Seamus jumping into explain or defend him self when he got the chance. While Helen alternated between laughing her head off and telling Seamus to be quite. Michael said surprisingly little but kept a watchful eye on the entire proceedings. After dinner they had desert and after that fresh coffee for the conversation lasted far longer than the food did. \"Saints preserve us, I think I still have the pictures!\" Eilis cried at last. Seamus shot out of his seat in alarm. \"Pictures? No, no I don't think so. Anyway it's getting late and still have to drive Helen home so maybe we should be-\" \"Nonsense son. Helen seems as though she'd enjoy seeing a few pictures in the family albums and I know your mum would joy showing them. We can have a drink in the study and talk while they have at it. Ladies.\" Michael said with a nod before rising. Seamus stood glaring at the situation in general before he was forced to trail after his da to the study by the front entryway. \"Lord da? 'He could get away with murder'? Jeez do have to put me on the spot like that?\" Seamus said flopping down into one of the room's leather armchairs. Michael quietly made sure the study door was closed before walking sharply up behind Seamus's chair. He grabbed the back of Seamus's chair in one powerful hand and slammed the chair, Seamus and all, backwards onto the ground. Seamus cracked his head on the hardwood floor so hard that the only sound to escape his mouth a lone choked off gasp. \"Damn careless of you Seamus.\" Michael said before snapping a quick kick to Seamus's side. Seamus's eyes rolled back into his head as he tried to remember what his lungs were suppose to be doing. \"You tripped me!\" Seamus growled out between his clenched teeth. \"That's not what I was referring to.\" Michael said crossing his arms over his chest and leaning against his massive desk. He watched impatiently as his son rolled onto his knees and slowly got his feet under him. \"Then I pray to God almighty tell me what the FUCK that was all about!\" Seamus yelled holding a ginger hand to the back of his head. \"I was talking about you unprecedented lack of future thinking.\" Seamus eyebrows pulled together in puzzlement. \"Not clear enough for yeah? Ok, how about how you've let a wisp of a girl who got a hold of your dick get a hold of the rest of you?\" The outrage came first and stayed strongest. Followed closely shock and disbelief. With the shame of a son disappointing his father a pale shadow playing faintly in the background. \"W-what?\" Michael rolled his eyes to glare at the ceiling. \"You've known the girl for what? Three months? Four? She's here in my house asking about my family matters and my family history? You're so fucking invested between her legs you can't pull your head out to see what else is going on!\" Seamus had to close his mouth, which had fallen open while his da was talking. \"What the hell da? She's my girl. Of coarse she's going to want to know about me. Why the hell shouldn't she?\" Michael leveled a heavy look on him. \"Do you remember what happened to Charlie's wife?\" Seamus took a step forward before he could stop. His body trembled with the effort not to throw himself at his father for even mentioning such a thing. \"It's not like that.\" Seamus said, his voice hard as polished steel. Michael nodded thoughtfully. \"You're right. At lest with Charlie's wife she was invested. She was going to stick around. She wasn't some temporary roll in the hay. Gathering information before she ships off to locations unknown.\" \"It's not like she's a fucking cop da! She fucking hates them. Lofty fuck-heads that don't do shit but harass people! Her words not mine.\" Seamus's voice seemed to keep rising while his father's only got calmer, colder. \"No, son she's not a cop. But she's not going to stay. One day she's going to be an angry ex with an active mouth. And soon enough someone's going to listen to the words she has to say about you. I'm not saying you can't tell her things about your self, just don't tell her anything important. Unless you can deal with the mess afterwards.\" Seeing Seamus's expression Michael sighed and laid a reassuring hand on his son's shoulder. \"Hell Seamus she seems like a fine gal. Don't hesitant to bring her around again sometime. Your mum seems to be very fond of her.\" He patted Seamus's shoulder before turning to the scotch on his desk. He pulled out two glasses and poured an equal share in each one. Michael laughed while handing Seamus his portion. \"She's not even Catholic for crying out loud!\" Seamus stared mutely at the contents of his glass while his father tossed back his glass with another chuckle. His hands has lost the angry tension that had over came him only moments earlier. His breathing had slowed and his eyes drifted to the door. \"It's late. I promised I'd have her home before midnight. I'll see you next Sunday.\" He set his glass down and was out the door before his father could stop him. Seamus wasn't sure he could remember that last time he'd lied to his father's face. In the car Seamus was fuming. His entire body was coiled tight and he could feel himself moving too quickly, flipping the turn signal too hard, or accelerating just a sliver too fast. His father thought he was an irresponsible child that he couldn't judge the people he was with. Hadn't he proved himself that he had the balls to run the business, to take care of problems that arose, or what to tell to who. Honesty Seamus loved working for his father, sometimes he was a real hard ass but he enjoyed the work and the personal connection he felt doing it. Sometimes he had to do the tedious shit like unload the important shipments off the ship but the protection and extortion was very satisfying. Seamus took the protection part of the business more seriously than most who ran the gamut. He took a reasonable calm approach with those who paid and in return he gave them top quality service. In his mind there were two types of protection rackets: were their silence is assured through fear or just a touch of gratitude. If someone hassled the people under the O'Grady protection they paid of it and were marked. After a fun session in one of the O'Grady warehouses Seamus would chop off the tip of a finger. Which finger and how much of it depended on how much they moved around. When his father asked him to deal with a troubled associate he not only did it; he reviled in it. If someone betrayed the family they got his A-Game. He and a Connor had brought this one guy down to the warehouse and started tearing into him. Toward the end they gave him the option of splashing battery acid into his own eye or they'd keep going. Just to show how much they respected his choice they dropped him at the hospital afterward. He almost never had to kill them; most were never that dumb. \"Your dad scared the shit out of me.\" Seamus was brought back to the car in a hurry. \"What's that?\" Helen shifted uncomfortably under his gaze. He suddenly noticed how distance she'd been since they got in the car. She hadn't said a thing since they left the house, which for Helen was about as big a sign as there was. \"Your mom was great but…your dad was…sort of scary as hell.\" Seamus pressed his fist to his temple and took a long drag through his nose. \"Did he say anything too you?\" \"No.\" She sort of laughed under her breath. \"Nothing like that. He just…\" Helen trailed off and didn't finish. Seamus started tapping the stirring wheel trying to wait but his patience didn't last long. \"He just what?\" She shook her head and hunkered down sideways in the seat facing him. \"Do you remember the time in the bar last month when that guy took a shot at me and you beat his face in? You had a look in your eyes that…if it had been directed at me I wouldn't have felt safe around you ever again. As it was I was very flattered. Your dad has those eyes all the time.\" \"Yeah, my da's a tad bit scary. He is who he is. He protects the thosehe loves and handles the rest as it comes.\" Helen brought his hand away from his temple. \"And you love me right?\" Seamus looked down at hers hands wrapped around his. He pulled her close and whispered against her lips. \"I couldn't stand to live without you.\" The kiss was long, slow, and sweet. If only it could have stayed that way. AN: I LIVE! You poor people I am so sorry I took me this long to up date. Most of you have probibly given up by now but those who haven't know this…I WILL FINISH BOTH CHARLE'S ANGELS STORIES. Review and let me know you're still out there.[Chapter 10] Chapter 10 Drinks, Fights, and Revelations. \"So then he said 'How did you think I rang the doorbell?'\" The booth exploded with laughter making half spill their drinks. Sherry was the only one not amused by Angus' joke. \"That's foul.\" She said before downing her drink. This brought on even more drunken laughter. \"It was a joke about a bloke with no arms or legs on a date with a super model...how did you think he rang the bell?\" Seamus asked loudly. Helen smacked him on the shoulder because Sherry was too polite to do it herself. \"Fuck you Seamus.\" Was Sherry's response. Helen was going to have to rethink that too polite business. \"All this lady yapping has reminded me why I only tell these jokes in the loo. Be back in a flash.\" Angus barely got this out before practically falling out of his chair. Seamus was laughing harder than ever. \"You flash my lady and I'll cut it off for yeah and you'll be telling your jokes in the ladies room.\" Angus flipped him off American style before making his way through the crowded bar to the other side of the room to where the bathrooms were located. \"Man I love bars.\" Helen said swirling her shot of whiskey before tipping her head back to drink it straight. \"To think I would have had to wait another 4 years if I hadn't known somebody so well connected.\" Her eyes drifted to Seamus with a big grin. He pulled her close to him and proceed to kiss the remainder of whiskey away. \"Hhhmmm...you'd have found a way before then. You're too sexy and clever not too\" \"I just remembered why no one likes a couple.\" Conner muttered into his glass. They both glared at him. \"So is that why you and Sherry haven't been around much lately? You think we hate you?\" Helen asked him playfully. It was Sherry who answered though. \"No, nothing like that. We just like being alone sometimes. Quality time you know?\" She was looking at Conner as she said it; a soft smile on her face. \"Ah saints preserve us, now I remember why no one likes a couple. Where the fuck is Angus? He's been going to that bathroom more that and alcoholic with bladder infection.\" Seamus moaned as Sherry and Conner locked lips. \"I'm sure he's just got a lot of business to attend to in there.\" Conner murmured kissing Sherry again. Seamus' playful mood slowly flitted away as he thought over Conner's phrasing. \"What do yeah mean by that?\" Conner looked over quickly at Seamus' tone. His brows pulled together as he mulled something over. Seamus waited him out; suddenly quite motionless. \"Nothing. He just seems to make a lot of mates every time he goes over there.\" Seamus followed Conner's leading eye to the other side of the room where they could just make out Angus talking to some gaunt skinny college boy type. He kept watching as both of them, while continuing to talk, put a hand into their jacket pockets. Then as they parted they shook hands. Seamus watched livid as the college kid almost dropped what Angus had tried to pass him. The kid left immediately and Angus sauntered casually into the bathroom tucking something into his front jacket pocket. Seamus looked at Conner eyes narrowed. \"How long he been making friends like that?\" Connor shrugged. \"My guess is sometime since that frat party.\" Seamus nodded trying to display a mask of calm while Helen was so close. Sherry had started up some conversation with her and he was almost positive she didn't have the faintest clue what he'd been saying to Connor. \"Have to go to the loo. Be back right quick.\" He was gone from the table before Helen could reply. As he tried to weave his way through the crowd Seamus became increasingly madder until he was practically shoving people out of his way by the time he reached the bathroom. The heel of his Dock Martins kicked into swinging door freezing Angus in place; his hands still holding the money he had been counting. \"WHAT THE FUCK ARE YOU DOING?\" Seamus yelled slamming the door behind him. Angus seemed to come back to himself and tried to shove the money back into the pocket where he'd got it. \"Nothing man. Just goanna take a piss.\" Seamus grabbed him by the shoulder and slammed him into the wall knocking the wind out of him. \"A piss?! Really?! Huh, then what pray-tell,\" He said driving his hand into one of Angus' side pockets, \"is THIS!?\" The floor was now littered with little clear packages filled with white powder. Angus's face went pale as Seamus' got even redder. \"It's just a little side money. Nothing big.\" Seamus glared at him like he was an idiot. Which he was starting to see was probably the case. \"You start a business without my consent. Then you operate it on a rival family's turf! And this is not my concern?! You could have gotten yourself killed and the family into a fuckin' war! How can you be that fucking stupid!?\" \"I only do a little and I'm super discrete. The Italians aren't going to find out.\" Angus reassured, bending to pick up the fallen merchandise. Seamus dove his fingers threw his hair as he tried, with little success to calm down. \"It is a little thing but we have an agreement. Different families can go into each other's establishments as long as they DON'T DO ANY BUSINESS THERE! And THAT is exactly what you've done. You better hope that they don't know shit.\" \"They don't I swear.\" \"Good. Then once this is gone you're not getting anymore. And the stuff you do have you're not selling here. Or anywhere else that isn't flying the FUCKIN' IRISH FLAG, you got me?!\" Angus stared abashed at his feet and nodded solemnly. \"Ok then, we're agreed.\" Seamus let out a sigh of relief letting go of a lot of his anger at the same time. \"Now let's go back to the fuckin' table before anymore of your loser clients come looking for you. Unless by some fuckin' miracle you were telling the truth and you do have to fucking piss?\" Angus shook his head. \"Didn't fuckin' think so.\" He muttered before pushing open the bathroom door again. He stopped in his tracks almost immediately. \"Where the FUCK is everybody?!\" Moments ago... \"Where the hell did Seamus say he was going?\" Helen asked Connor. He shrugged and took a swig of his beer. Helen rolled her eyes at him and flipped him off. Sherry gave her a reproachful look and Helen rolled her eyes at her too. She was just about to continue their conversation on the merits of professional wrestling over monster trucks when one of the male waiters walked up. \"A drink from the gentleman.\" He said before placing what was obviously a Sex-on-the-Beach in front of Sherry. Sherry looked at him bewildered. \"W-what?\" Wordlessly the waiter pointed to a man at the bar who was smiling pleasantly in their direction. Sherry swiftly looked away trying to avoid eye contact with him. \"I-I don't want the drink. Take it back.\" \"He tipped me extra not to. Sorry miss.\" Before Sherry could figure out what to do the waiter was gone. \"Who is that?\" Connor demanded. Sherry turned to him equally as upset. \"I have no idea! He's some fucking jerk at a bar. He can obviously see I'm with you and is trying to ruin our night. I say we just forget about him.\" \"He looks like he knows you.\" Conner replied quietly. Helen jumped across the table and grabbed the drink. \"Problem solved. I'll just go tell him we don't take fag drinks. And everyone can move on.\" As soon as she finished speaking she was gone from the table leaving Sherry and Connor to quietly scwabble about the drink in private. \"The waiter got your table wrong. Next time just say you're sitting at the bar.\" Helen said slamming the drink on the counter hard enough that some of it spilled from the glass and on to his pants. He acted like it didn't bother him. \"Now that's not right. The red head was supposed to bring the drink back so we could arrange to meet up after her guy friend's gone.\" Helen shook her head in disgust. \"Go hit on people your own age creepy desperate man. I'm going back to my friends now.\" He looked around her. \"What friends?\" Helen turned around and sure enough Sherry and Connor were getting up from the table; Connor practically dragging Sherry by the arm. \"Ah fuck.\" Helen muttered in a vaguely Irish accent and started trying to rush back to the table. She was going so fast she didn't see the bouncer she ran into until it was too late. She collided so hard in fact that she was knocked on her ass with all the wind pushed out of her. \"And where do you think you're going?\" The Block-Head-Bouncer-Guy-Who-Was-Obviously -Not-As-Affected-As-She-Was-By-The-Impact. All she could do was wave vaguely in the direction of their table. \"My friends.\" He eyed her like he was trying to decide what he didn't like about her most. The bleached hair? The bubble gum pink lipstick? Or the baby doll T-shirt cut off right below her chest that said 'Fck the man!'? It really could have been anything. \"You got ID?\" Helen pushed herself off the floor. \"You new? I come in here all the time with the fucking regulars. We never get carded 'cause they fuckn' know us. Now get your steroid pushing, small dick, authoritarian complex out of my way!\" This last comment was said from two inches away looking nearly two feet up directly into his fuming eyes. Helen didn't even see him move before she was thrown over his shoulder with the wind knock out of her once again. Before she could recover her breath she was sailing through the air and landed face first in the parking lot. \"Fck the man...\" She whispered rising to her hands and knees. \"Why can't I ever just walk out of a bar?\" She had just managed to get to her feet when she remembered why she was in such a rush in the first place. She'd been trying to talk to Sherry and Connor before the left. She looked around where she was and couldn't see them. With how long Behemoth took to toss her out outside they had probably already made it to their car. Cursing her luck she started for where she remembered seeing them park. To her chagrin noticing she had a slight limp from landing on her hip badly. \"Got to learn some fuckin' karate rolls or something.\" She muttered as she neared the spot. She could just now make out Sherry and Connor fighting by the passenger side door but was too far away to hear them. Sherry was waving one hand in the direction of the bar while Connor continued to shake his head. Helen was just about to call out to them when something happened so shocking that she forgot how to speak. Connor, faster than Helen could think possible, punched Sherry so hard in the gut that she fell to her knees in front of him. Helen stared unable to move. In one swift motion he grabbed Sherry by the hair, opened the car door, and tossed her inside. She apparently had enough sense left to pull in her legs before he slammed the door close and got into the other side. Helen could just barely see the top of Sherry's head as Connor peeled out of the parking lot. It took Helen a second to realize she was running after the car even though her brain had been unable to call out. She stopped in the middle of the parking lot and ran for Seamus' car. When she got there she jumped into the driver seat only then realizing she didn't have the keys. She never had the keys, this was Seamus' car, and she needed Seamus. Once again she was running back to the bar before her brain could catch but with her. \"Seamus!\" The first words she'd spoken since she'd seen it. She was still too far away from the bar to be heard over the music but she kept yelling. \"Seamus!\" As she was running full tilt for the front door she could see the pink version of the Jolly Green Giant baring her path. Instead of slowing down she ran faster waiting till the last second to, for lack of a better term, leap over him. While she came nowhere close to getting past him she did succeed in getting enough height to elbow him in the nose. This in turn only made him madder and Helen all the more desperate to get by. \"Seamus! Seamus! Let me go you shit head! Seamus!\" This and many more imaginative things few out of Helen's mouth as she did her best to kick, wiggle, and bite her way free. \"SEAMUS!\" CRACK! \"AAAHHHH!\" Paul Bunion dropped like a sack of potatoes taking Helen with him. He fell with both hands clutched around his left knee moaning in pain. As soon as Helen scrambled clear a red doc martin flew past her face to pin him to the floor by his neck. His eyes bugged way out of their sockets as he looked up at the most pissed of Irishman he'd probably ever see again. \"Keep your hands off my girl.\" For a few breathless moments Helen felt sheer terror as she looked into Seamus' eyes. She looked down suddenly realizing that he had dislocated the guy's knee and was continuing to cut off his air. Seamus turned his attention back to Helen completely indifferent to the man gasping for breath beneath him. \"Did he hurt you? I could make him pay if he hurt you.\" \"N-no. No but we have to go. We have to go now.\" Seamus looked down at the man crushed under his feet. \"Oh I don't think anyone is going to make a fuss over this.\" Helen was shaking her head rising to her feet with sudden urgency. \"No, no, no we have to go. We have to go right now.\" Helen started pulling Seamus by the wrist dragging him as fast as she could toward the car. \"We need to drive. We need to go now.\" It was surprisingly easy to pull Seamus to the car. This was largely due to the fact that he was so very dumbfounded by the desperate way Helen was clutching his arm that he let her. She only let go of him to fling him at the driver side door and race to the other side. \"Drive.\" Helen slammed the door and was currently ringing her hands. Seamus continued to give her the queerest of looks as he started the car and took off with his typical reckless abandon for safety. \"Helen…where are we going?\" He asked quietly. Helen furrowed her brow in thought. \"Yes where would they go? Back to her place…his? Would they even go home right away? No they'd have to go somewhere private wouldn't they? So his or hers? Which is closer? Or does the closeness not matter but rather who's it is?\" Seamus cast many confused glances at his muttering passenger but refrained from interrupting. When the deranged muttering had moved to the inside of Helen's brain he spoke again. \"Helen…what…are…you talking about?\" His gentle voice pulled Helen out of her circular panicked thinking long enough to look at Seamus. He was still driving at high speed, one hand on the wheel, with his eyes almost completely focused on her. She took a deep breath. \"Connor's been hitting Sherry.\" Seamus' only reaction was a narrowing of his eyes which he did when he needed his full concentration on something. \"What did you say?\" \"Connor's has been abusing Sherry! It's probably been happening for a while. I mean he's always been a little controlling and jealous but I never imagined this!\" Helen was back to ringing her hands again. \"I mean how did it start? Telling her not to continue with her job at the Treasure Chest? Telling her what to wear when they go out? Taking her away from all her friends who might notice the bruises? He's been doing it so slowly for so long I don't know how I didn't see it.\" It took Helen a minute to realize that Seamus had pulled over to the side of the road and had stopped the car. He was staring out the windshield with his face skewed up in an expression that Helen didn't recognize. \"What are you doing? We have to go. We have to find them!\" Helen shouted waving toward the road. \"And do what?\" Helen stared opened mouth at Seamus. \"What do you mean do what? We have to find them! We have to stop it!\" Helen was about ready to get out of the car and push if she had too. \"I…did not expect this.\" Seamus murmured lowering his head onto the steering wheel buried between his arms that were already rested there.. \"Expect what?! That Connor is a controlling sexiest psychopath?! I fucking hope not! But we don't have time for disbelief we have to go!\" Helen was about ready to shake him. \"In my family…and I'm not saying me specifically…feel that some physical domain be kept within a relationship. And that these aspects of a couple's life should remain a private matter, without intrusion.\" Helen stared at Seamus with an expression of horror and disbelief. \"What did you say?\" Seamus rolled his head miserably between his arms and groaned. \"What I am saying is that I can't do anything. This is Connor's business. It's not my place to interfere.\" \"Sherry is your friend! If some ASSHOLE who wasn't dating her fought with her, hit her, and then threw her in a car to drive off to GOD KNOWS WHERE with her…you would FUCKING KILL THAT GUY! But no, because he's her GOD-DAMN BOYFRIEND you won't!?\" Seamus snapped his head up to glare at her. \"He is FAMILY Helen! I can't go against my family no matter how good of a friend Sherry is! I can't.\" They locked eyes for a very long moment. Slowly all the emotion drained from Helen's face and she turned away from him. She was silent for a very long time before speaking again. \"If that's how it is, you're not the man I thought you were.\" She got out of the car but before closing the door she bent down. \"I'm going to take a cab home. If you do ever turn into the man I think you are, call me. Otherwise don't bother.\" Helen shut the door and started walking, headed for the nearest payphone. Seamus let her. (AN: I'M ALIVE!!!!!!!!!!!!! I have had those page blowing about my brain for ages *cough* years *cough* *cough* I'm so sorry that I take so very long between updating. But so many of you have added my stories to your favorites while knowing that I know I have to finish and cannot abandon you. I have a break from college and real days off with no TV or streaming internet so I will try to get a lot done. Now that this chapter is finally out I can FINALY get to one of the best twists in my other story Better Left Forgot. So expect and update…soonish. THANK YOU FOR STILL READING!)[Chapter 11] Hello extremely loyal fans, I have recently been going through my emails/review/following notifications and I have noticed that most of them are for How Seamus Met Helen and Better Left Forgot. These stories are very important to me and your interest is equally important. Sadly I have come to realize that if I haven't found the time to finish them by now, a fully fleshed out version is just not likely. So I have an offer. I am going to drag up my old notes, write a quick summary of the important plot points yet to come in both stories, and post it as a gigantic spoiler for the final chapter. I know that is not what any of you were hoping for, but I know how aggravating it is when a favorite story just stops with no closure. I wanted certain chapters in both stories to come out at the same time to further the story in both. Knowing what has been motivating them and how eventually the conflict is resolved. So there will be notes to indicate which plot points are revealed at the same time. Please let me know what you think, the chapters should be out in a few weeks. ","Summary":" When Seamus met Helen It really started with a simple conversation between friends. It was allnwell"},{"Movie":"A Clockwork Orange","Title":"A Bit of Education","Author":"Nova Sinfonia","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7335815","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Author's Note: I do NOT own anything of the original story or characters, and any characters I've invented, such as the Singh family, are not based on any real person living or dead. The story is based more on the book than the movie, though I'm taking a couple of things from the film. Assume Alex's last name is DeLarge and he has the same general looks (tall, blue eyes, brown hair) for instance. Setting is vaguely in the present day, two years after the book ends… I'm Canadian, not British, so feel free to catch me on any North Americanisms… Okay, enough blabbing. Please R & R (read and review, though resting and relaxing is also fun) A Bit of Education 1. Bloody Harmony I woke up at oh eight oh five on a Saturday morning to the adverts on Classical One. Being shagged and fagged (meaning tired, O little brothers, though for some reason Harmony Singh smecks hu hu hu when I use those slovos), I hadn't awoken to my malenky radio alarm at oh seven three oh. I'd kind of slooshied Handel's \"Comfort Ye\" in my dream, in which I'd been hit by an auto on the highroad and lay there dying in a pool of krovvy, and a very horrorshow devotchka with like floating black hair was holding me in her rookers and comforting me. What a load of cal. Better that scene with Puccini, not Handel. But anyway, an advert was what woke me. Geoffrey Plautus Music Conservatory, 1985 Avenue Winterson, London. We offer degrees in Instrumental Studies, Vocal Studies, Music History, Jazz, Electroacoustics and Composition. This gave me like a reminder. I jumped out of bed with my glazzies still half-closed, ticker-tocker beating triple-time. \"Compose thyself, Alex,\" I ordered. Today was the day I'd be moving out of old Flatblock 18A. At the old age of nineteen and ten days, it was time for thy droog and brother to itty off on his oddy knocky, so to speak. I chose my platties with care, as I had to work a bolshy Saturday shift at the National Gramodisc Archives first. I had one droog there, not a droog to do the old crasting and dratsing with, no, but a smartish law-abiding veck, that being old Harmony Singh. It was our rabbit, or job, to digitally transfer music from vinyls to computers and modern shiny discs. Harmony was good at that, him being a tekky sort. Also, brothers, it may behooveth you to know I was moving into his domy, Flatblock 19S, right after today's rabbit. Harm was looking for a roommate, as he called it, and there little Alex was. Anyway, I put on shiny black pantaloons and a lily-white shirt, complete with a red cravat that was the heighth of fashion for poor rabbiting malchicks like myself. Then I gave Harmy Singh a ring. \"'Ello?\" he said, not very skorry with the telephone—he'd picked it up on the fourth ring. \"My sincerest appy polly loggies, as the day is still molodoy and nothing of muchness is sloochatting so far, but I'd had a choodnessy messel I should converse with thou, O malenky Harmony Singh, before ittying off to the Gramodisc mesto,\" I said, all dobby and polite. A pause while he made grumbling and chumbling shooms. Finally, and not so dobby or polite: \"Alex? It's eight fifteen in the morning. Speak English. And don't call me bloody Harmony neither.\" \"My sincerest appleologies, Bloody Harmony,\" I repeated, though growing a little razdraz inside at his dimness. \"My name is Harmeet,\" he said peevishly. \"Not Harmony.\" \"Fear not, Harmony, let it not bother thee. I merely presumed to inquire whether I could bring my new shiny electronic piano to thy humble abode when I arrive. Worry not, I'll bring ooko—er, ear phones.\" I could barely pony him through all his yawning, but I think I slooshied, \"Yeah, mate, whatever,\" before the phone beeped brzip and went dead. Not to get all weepy boo-hoo with you, little brothers and sisters, but sometimes I am afraid I cannot keep what gloopy people call friendships . Little Alex has his natural charisma, yes, but as of late, other lewdies seem not to viddy it. They treat your humble narrator like any other gloopy veck and not the horrorshow malchick that was. My old droogs are all gone, or changed. Old Georgie was dealt the off, for good, by some starry rich veck in a mansion; traitor Dim is a vonny stinking millicent with vonny fatboy Billyboy; and my second batch of droogs Len, Rick, and Bully are now tolchocking lewdies and crasting pretty polly without me. I'd grown like weary of the old ultraviolence, except for wanting to tolchock certain vecks (such as old Harmony) when they acted particularly dim (such as today). But civilized lewdies, as my old papa says, solve their problems with their goloss not their fists. Still, I viddy I could razrez traitor Dim in a fight... Oh yes, and there's old Pete. Old Pete is settled and married to a nice dobby devotchka called Georgina. I viddy him, now and again, herewise and therewise. That's another veshch, finding a devotchka. Some ptitsas might flirt with your humble narrator, even consent to a bit of pol, but when it comes to what gloopy people call relationships , I'm still on my oddy knocky. But one veshsch in my jeezny at a time, because less than a week after I move into Harmy Singh's Flatblock 19B domy, I become a bolshy big intellectual university sort of veck. Righty right. Your Alex has been accepted to Geoffrey Plautus' Conservatory, Major in Music Composition.[Chapter 2] A/N: A longer chapter this time - I figured I should get some writing done while I still could. Two cautions for the reader: one, this chapter contains several references to violence; and two, there's more talk than action. Paradox? Maybe. But enjoy! 2. Sweet Melody The autobus yeckated down Marghanita Boulevard, past Boothby Avenue and on downtown. Not too many lewdies were about this morning, save tired groups of chellovecks and cheenas waiting for the bus to open its yawning like mouth and swallow them in one gurgling gulp. These vecks and cheenas sat down, themselves doing their bit of yawning, then opening the gazetta or a briefcase or a chasha of steaming hot coffee. After a while there was no room no more to sit, brothers, so people held on to the hand-rails while big bolshy buildings and office towers went by outside. A rooker gripped my right pletcho, or shoulder, and I turned around. \"Pardon me.\" An old starry cheena with lines down her litso removed her hand from my person and said, again, \"Pardon me. I am very tired, I would very much like...\" \"Yes, yes,\" I said quickly, not wanting to get into a bitva with some malenky baboochka about who deserves to sit on seats in buses even if she'd just got on and I'd been there a quarter-hour. I stood up, very gracious like, and bowed to her, waving with my rooker at the seat. She sat. She smiled at me and went, \"Oh, God bless you son, you're one in a million,\" and all that cal. \"Say,\" and then she stopped, her liny old litso crinkling up even more, \"haven't I seen you somewhere? The Duke of New York, perhaps? I think you were with your friends... you bought drinks for us girls...\" Very skorry this time I said, \"No, no, not at all. It was different people altogether,\" and turned to face ahead. You might think me over-cautious, brothers, but the Duke of New York was part of my not-so-dobby jeezny. I didn't want the whole vonny world to know about it. The baboochka nodded slow-like, and turned to the window. The autobus finally stopped at an Underground station but I wasn't going on the tube, oh no, but on my own two nogas to the Gramodisc mesto three blocks away. It was a bright August day and the street was lit by the shining litso of old Sol. I'd half a rassoodock to sing some gloopy tune about how beautiful and sunny it was, but, little brothers, thou knowest I don't sing gloopy songs about the weather. The National Gramodisc Archives had its eemya in gold letters over the front door. I opened it and ittied into this like foyer, where I punched my code 6655321 into a silver box to open the next set of doors. After that, brothers, I was in the main mesto, a large square room with row upon row of bookshelves. An open space in the front held a few malenky tables for computers, sound machines with knobs and dials, and even a real gramophone, quite starry and dorogoy. Mr. Cordwell, my employer, walked by carrying a stack of discs piled up to his glazzies. He nodded hello and I nodded back at his blinking glazzies and bald gulliver. Mr. Cordwell always ittied back and forth real skorry as if something very very important were vareeting. Harmony Singh, already seated at a computer, greeted Your Humble Narrator with, \"Hi Alex, you're late.\" \"I am not late, brother,\" I said with dignity. \"You are merely early.\" Harmony was a medium-sized malchick with black hair, brownish skin, and a pair of otchkies or spectacles. He had a friendly sort of casual manner, though a bad tendency to smeck at veshches he did not understand. Right now he was govoreeting, \"So I'm your brother now, am I? Don't mind that, it's better being called 'brother' than 'Harmony', and to be honest I'd rather have you as a brother than that brat Jaydeep, although if I had to pick between you and Melody , now, I'd have to pick her, since she's a better sister than most…\" That was funny, a ptitsa named Melody being his sister. \"Melody and Harmony Singh!\" I started to laugh, softly at first, he he he. He wheeled around in his swivel-chair. \"God you're annoying sometimes. My name is Harmeet. Harmeet Omar Singh. Harmeet Harmeet Harmeet. Okay, so some people don't know how to spell my name because it sounds strange to them. And other people, when I tell them my name is Harmeet Singh, they say, 'Oh, like the cricketer' or \"Oh, like the footballer' and I have to tell them I can't kick a ball to save my life—it's true, Alex, stop laughing, the only balls I'll kick are yours if you keep being so bloody annoying. Because no one, Alex, NO ONE except for you calls me Harmony! Even when people know that my twin sister's named Melody they still don't call me Harmony. I've lived nineteen years without people calling me Harmony and I don't intend...\" Brothers, I did not mean to annoy poor Harmony, but I could not help smecking. Laughter bubbled out of me like red red krovvy out of a smashed-in rot. No, no: like crystal-clear water out of a fountain surrounded by butterflies and sweet sladky flowers and like leaping dolphins. I needed not think of the old ultraviolence. That was not anymore my eegra. Anyway, I smecked ha ha ha, saying, \"Twins! Harmony and Melody! Melody and Harmony!\" \"MY NAME IS HARMEET,\" said Harmony, his litso growing red. Mr. Cordwell ittied back with a smaller rookerful of discs. I could just viddy his rot move as he govoreeted, \"Mr. Singh, stop telling Mr. DeLarge what your name is. Mr. DeLarge already knows your name. Mr. DeLarge, please sit in your seat and get to work. Where's Mr. Purcell? He's late.\" Then the veck hurried away. I donned my ooko-phones and onned the machine, it making glorpy beeps and bops as it booted up. Today's rabbit was to adjust the volume balance on an old recording of Stravinsky's Rite of Spring because the strings were so gromky you could hardly slooshy the woodwinds. After five minootas it was like I was in the land at a milk-plus bar, not that I was really in the land, you understand, only very focused, so when the zvonock went ding-ding-da-diiing to the shoom of Beethoven's Fifth, I jumped. \"O Harmeet!\" I called, not wishing to make him razdraz. \"The doorbell!\" \"Get it yourself,\" he said, not looking. \"I'm busy.\" Dave Purcell, the other malchick here—I hadn't slooshied him come in—went ho ho ho and said, \"You're like an old married couple. But Alex, as it's somebody as doesn't work here, it's your job to answer. Remember the like contract. New chap does the welcoming stuff.\" So I brushed past hound-and-horny Dave, him with his yellow voloss and nose stuck in the air, opened the foyer door, and then the outside one. To say I was surprised would be an understatement, brothers, but it was a dobby and choodnessy surprise. For our usual visitors were professor-type vecks or old piano-teacher damas, but standing there was the most beautiful, well, at least the third or fifth most beautiful devotchka I'd ever seen in all my jeezny. ... The devotchka had dark brown glazzies like metal chocolate, though there is really not such a veshch, with tiny old-fashioned gold otchkies around them. She was smiling, and her whole litso glowed in the sun like warmly. She had long black voloss that swung down past her shoulders and onto a pair of round horrorshow groodies, neither too big or malenky, but I wasn't really viddying those, O brothers, just the package she held in her rookers. \"Hello, could you please give this to Harmeet?\" she said, holding out the package in one brown like delicate rooker. All at once I ponied she was from Arabia or Egypt just like gloopy Harmony was, and then I ponied she was like giving things to him, so putting two and dva together I figured out she was his like devotchka. Which was not fair, O brothers. It was not fair that the so-called dobby malchicks got all the horrorshow devotchkas. In fact I was quite jealous of poor Harmony, which was like pathetic of me. But I also viddied she looked familiar, maybe like a veshch in a dream. In fact she looked like the sharp in my sneety last nochy who'd caressed poor dying Alex in her rookers while G. F. Handel's \"Comfort Ye\" flowed on in the background. Still there was something about her glazzies and otchkies that reminded me of someone in real real life, and I was frozen for a minoota trying to remember if I'd fillied with her in the past. I hoped not. I viddied old pictures in my mind: me yanking off a devotchka's spectacles and grinding them to dust with a stomp and twist of the old sabog while Dim laughed hu hu hu, me tolchocking another young ptitsa for fun and pulling her black voloss to make her creech in unholy terror while I waited patiently for my other droogs to itty out of a grocery shop, and us all doing the old in-out on a different ptitsa in the backlot outside the Filmdrome sinny a few weeks before I was finally loveted. But none of these devotchkas in my mind-pictures looked exactly like her. I thought of all that, brothers, and while these messels came to my mozg the devotchka smiled again and said, slow-like this time as if I was dim, \"Could you please give this to my brother Harmeet for me?\" Welly welly well. \"Your brother, you say?\" \"Yes, he's the one with the glasses sort of like mine. He's probably wearing a buttoned shirt. He...\" \"Oh, I know who he is.\" That explained her familiar-looking litso. I took the package from her real skorry and shook her right rooker. \"And thou must be his sister Melody Singh. A lovely eemya.\" \"Well, thanks,\" she said, and smiled again. It was bliss and gorgeosity, like violin sunbeams shining out of a blue oboe sky. Then she pointed at the package veshch and said, \"It's actually for some guy called Alex. He's moving in to my brother's apartment, see, and my mum got all worried and concerned that this Alex wouldn't have enough school supplies since he's from the A Flatblocks and therefore poor and starving, which I don't think likely, but anyway she bought him two hundred sheets of music paper, six notebooks, and thirty pens and pencils and they're all in there.\" She pointed at the package I had plopped on the ground, it being heavy from all these like skolliwoll supplies for poor starving me. \"I wonder if he needs it. I guess I'll meet him soon, since we're both going to the music college, Harmeet and I. He's in Electro of course, and I'm in regular Comp... Do you think my mother's completely daft, giving this guy all that stuff?\" This devotchka Melody looked at Your Humble Narrator, expecting an answer. \"I think,\" I govoreeted carefully, \"that this Alex veck will already have pens and pencils, but will be in need of paper to write music on, and notebooks to write notes in, him being too dim and not oomny enough to have viddied the need for such veshches before.\" Suddenly Melody frowned, and it was like the clouds had clouded in or some nazz had dealt a flip tolchock to a violin, making it go skreeeek real oozhnassny. \"You talk like... oh never mind. At least the words sound nicer when you say them.\" \"You mean,\" I leaned in closer, blink-blinking my blue glazzies, \"the slovos have a dobbier shoom when I govoreet them?\" She didn't giggle or go pink and bezoomny. Instead she shrugged her pletchoes. I tried again. \"This name Melody,\" I asked, for I was very curious, brothers, \"does it mean a different meaning in Egyptian?\" Now she smotted at me like I was bezoomny. \"Egyptian?\" \"Yes, yes, does 'Melody', which is a slovo meaning the tune of a song in English, have another meaning in the Egyptian language?\" She looked very confused, poor ptitsa. Maybe she was a malenky bit dim herself. \"I don't think so. I don't think it does.\" \"But, but, why did your pee and em give you the name Melody instead of an Egyptian name like Harmeet?\" The devotchka sighed, whoouff, and said with a toss of her gulliver, \"But we're not Egyptian at all! Me and my brothers, we're all England-born, and my pee and em as you call them are from India. And the reason my name is a plain English name is because my mother, when she first came here, lived next to a record store called Melodia, I think it's still around but I don't go that way much because it's dangerous, and when I was born she felt nostalgic and named me after the bleeding shop. But she thought 'Melodia' too flowery so she called me plain Melody.\" \"Sweet Melody,\" I corrected her, and clicked-clicked with my yazhick or tongue while she flushed pinkish at last. \"I'm sorry,\" she said. \"Here I am arguing with a complete stranger. I apologize, I really do. Harmeet always says I talk too much. They'll be wanting you back at work, I reckon. But what's your name, if you don't mind? I may meet you sometime again...\" I bowed low. \"Alex DeLarge, at thy service.\" Her rot opened in an O at that, and I went, \"Give your em my thanks for the college veshches,\" as I took the pack and ittied away. ... Mr. Cordwell's glazzies followed me back into my chair. \"How's the Stravinsky going?\" The sarky, sneaky old moodge. \"Very very very well, much thanks for asking... By the by, India is next to Egypt, right?\" \"You must be joking,\" smecked Mr. Cordwell – too nadmenny, it would appear, to deign to answer my question – and goolied off the other way, perhaps to catch Dave Purcell also not rabbitting. As he ittied he grumble-chumbled, \"Whatever do they teach in these schools?\"[Chapter 3] A/N: Finally another chapter! This one's rather short, and I'll hopefully have more of Melody and the music school in the next. A big thanks to TheWeasleyBoys, Dan Sickles, 02AngelBaby75, gildedbutterfly16 and Pet Archer for your comments! I know there are still a lot of good stories here that I haven't read yet ... Yes, the boss' last sentence was a reference to Narnia (my brother's writing a Narnia story – he's a good writer and much faster at it than I am, but so far he doesn't want to post on this site – I'll have to convince him that even Shakespeare wrote fanfiction, or something). Also I fixed a spelling mistake from the last chapter. Happy reading! 3. Moving Out Once I got back to Flatblock 18A, O little brothers, I viddied my pee and em packing box after box into a rented auto. \"Bon joor,\" I said, which is French for hello. \"How goes it?\" Em made a sighing shoom, put down the box she carried, and patted me on the gulliver real bezoomny. \"I'm going to miss you, son,\" she said, her goloss all trembly. I didn't want her to start platching right then and there so I said, \"Yes yes yes. Me as well. But I will not be more than fifteen minutes away, and right near the consy-vurry-tory.\" \"The what, son? Oh, the conservatory. Oh yes.\" She took me in her rookers and like squeezed me tight. \"Ouch,\" I said. I had to break free, brothers, because right then I viddied and slooshied something quite distressing. One of our neighbours, a fat greasy sort of moodge, was holding the door open for my pee who carried a bolshy box of my belongings. That was not the distressing part. This was the distressing part: The neighbour veck, as Pee was passing, growled in a low goloss, \"Don't tell me that miserable hooligan is finally leaving! For once we'll have some peace and quiet around here.\" Instead of defending his one and only son, my pee just shrugged his pletchoes and let out a single little slovo—\"Evidently.\" My father was not alike in rasoodock to me, oh no, only in plott. He had the same brown voloss (with a bit of grey now) and blue glazzies, but he had not a dook of an idea how to govoreet with like confidence. In fact, with his humble chumble grumbles and his meekness and his fair is fair sort of slovos, he seemed more like old Pete than like me. Well, if Pete wanted another papa, I was about ready to give him mine. So instead of govoreeting with Pee and Em during the auto-ride, I stared out at the sky. The Luna was showing its pimply plott quite molodoy in the day, as the sun was not yet set. I thought of Pete, with his dobby zheena Georgina, both of them rabbiting full time, him an accountant at State Marine Insurance and her a secretary. That was one way to be. But I had the messel there was more to my jeezny than that. I no longer wanted to fight with nozhes or britvas, but neither did I want to rabbit all day and grow grey and miserable like old Em and Pee, like some kind of clockwork toy that other lewdies can wind up and set down and watch it itty on until it stops. No no no, I did not want that. ... The auto lurched rrrr and ground to a stop itself. I viddied we had arrived. Flatblock Z looked a lot like Flatblock A, only the buildings were real brick and not so grazhny. Ten or twenty purple like fluffy flowers dotted the lawn. Harmeet, that is, Harmony Singh, poked his spectacled gulliver out the door, then clackety clack ran down the steps to greet us. He was all harmony and peace and like civility with my pee and em, smiling how d'ye do and all that cal. To me he said, \"Hi hi Alex! Long time no viddy!\"—crasting, or rather borrowing, my nadsat way of speech. I said hi hi hi back and went to work unpacking veshches. Inside the flat was a little hallway with a rug on the floor for wiping your sabogs on and two pictures on the wall. I took a minoota to smot at the first one more closely. Harmony was in it, a very malenky Harmony it was true, and next to him malenky Melody with a ribbon in her hair. They could not be more than four years old. Behind them were a veck wearing business platties and a cheena in a foreign-looking red wrappy dress, which I pony is called a sari. In this cheena's arms was a baddiwad baby creeching to high heavens, his rot open like an O and his fisties waving. Harm goolied up behind me and said in a loud goloss that made me jump: \"Yes, that's my family. Jaydeep's having a temper tantrum, as usual.\" \"Ah,\" I said. \"Is that the malenky baby in the photo? Your bratty?\" He smecked a little. \"Sure looks bratty, doesn't he?\" \"I mean brother,\" I explained. \"Bratty means brother.\" He nodded yes yes but then frowned. \"Jay and his friends talk sort of like you. Of course, they're not as smart. They're just trying to sound badass.\" Brothers, I did not see how the badness of rear ends was related to the slovos of nadsats, but I let him govoreet on. \"...I'm a little concerned for him, actually. He's only sixteen and I'm afraid he's in a sort of gang.\" \"Oh?\" I asked, interessovated now. \"What sort of gang?\" He shook his gulliver back and forth. \"Never you mind. You don't know about that sort of stuff and you probably don't want to know.\" I had an in-grin at his like innocence, but I said nothing. Nothing, that is, until I viddied the other photo. This one showed the smiling litso of a pretty blond ptitsa with sunglasses. \"Oh ho ho,\" I said. \"Is this old Harmony's devotchka?\" \"My name is Harmeet,\" he grumbled back, but that was not why his litso was turning red. \"Welly welly well! Old Harmony and Miss Sunny California, eh? I bet she eats like healthy vegetables and rides a bicycle everywhere.\" At this Harm said, rather sharp, \"She can't ride a bicycle, she's blind.\" I went \"Oh?\" because this was sad, but I couldn't help thinking of a messel that made me smeck, which was: \"Well then, Harmony brother, she's spared the agony of having to viddy you!\" But Harmony only said, \"I don't know if she wants to viddy me much anyway. She's had a difficult life... But if you'd quit making jokes about how ugly I am and finish unpacking, Alex, that would be greatly appreciated.\" He was more melancholy than razdraz this time. So I obeyed his like soviet and finished unpacking. ... Pee and Em were waiting outside to say their goodbyes, which Em did in a weepy sniffly sort of way. Pee just patted me on the back and govoreeted, \"Now you'll be on your best behaviour, son, won't you?\" I fixed him with a sharp glazzy. \"Evidently!\" And then they were gone. I walked inside on my oddy knocky only to hear the ring bring brring of a phone and Harmeet saying, \"What? Alex? Oh yes—just a minute!\"[Chapter 4] A/N: In a bio of Anthony Burgess that I read recently for a different project, I found out that when he was a teenager he wrote a piece for his band based on Debussy's Prelude à l'après-midi d'une faune and called it \"Afternoon on the Phone\"! \"Après-midi\" does mean afternoon, but \"faune\" is faun, not phone – like in Narnia. What does Narnia have to do with this story? Nothing... but not only is our narrator a former criminal, in my story he's also bad at geography. He might think Narnia's next to Egypt... 4. Telephone Prelude to Wishy-Washy Debussy I took the phone from Harmony-Harmeet, and who but old Pete was on the line. \"Hello, hello, Alex my friend,\" Pete went, in his new like gentlemanly goloss. \"I hope your new roommate didn't mind me looking up his number—I asked your friend Dave from work how to contact you.\" Dobby starry Pete, thinking Dave was my friend! \"Hello, old droog,\" I went. \"Remember when I saw you at the Chekhov Café?\" he govoreeted. \"And Georgina was there? And I told you about Greg's parties? Well,\" he went on, not waiting for Your Humble Narrator to answer, \"Greg's other friends are away but he still wants to have Scrabble night this Friday at seven. It's like a tradition, you see, Scrabble nights on Fridays, but it's dull with just the three of us, so we were wondering if you'd like to come. We'll have a bit to eat and drink...\" \"Milk-plus?\" I asked, with a grin. Harmeet, coming out from the kitchen, looked confused, poor veck, but said nothing. \"Oh no,\" came Pete's voice real skorry, judging me to be serious. \"Some tea, some coffee. Probably a bottle of wine. Greg collects wine—he's a bit of a connoisseur.\" \"Yes yes yes,\" I replied. I was curious to viddy this Greg veck, from what I'd heard before. \"Oh well then, it's settled! All the best, then. See you later.\" Harm has gone back to the kitchen so I followed him with him phone, but it rang again, right in my rooker. I held it to his ooko and he listened, then went, \"Hi Melody... what?\" He shook his gulliver in like amazement. \"She wants to talk to you .\" So I took it back and there was Melody's melodious goloss, a bit nervous: \"Er, um, hello, Alex. I hope you don't think it too forward of me, but my mum likes to have the family all together for dinner on Mondays, and she was wondering if, if, if you'd like to come too.\" Harmeet was in the kitchen again. I let myself grin a real horrorshow grin at that kind and dobby invitation. I was becoming quite popular again, brothers, and more—Melody herself wanted to viddy me again. \"I would be delighted,\" I said in a very refined like goloss. \"Good,\" said Melody, like relieved. \"You can go with Harmeet, he'll show you the place. Could I talk to him?\" I didn't quite kopat this change of tone. Suddenly I felt that Melody didn't really want to viddy me. Probably she was just obeying the soviet of her Em who thought me so poor and starving. With that messel in my mozg, I tried to give Harm the phone but he was too intent on slicing lomticks of cheese and like grunted at me to wait. So I gave my appy polly loggies and asked her one more question. \"One more teeny tiny malenky question—does thy mother always act this nice to vecks she doesn't know?\" \"All the time,\" said Melody, quite skorry. \"Especially when they're Harmeet's friends.\" Then Harm wanted the telephone so I let him have it, brothers. After that we shared some humble but nourishing pishcha, pea soup and kleb with grilled cheese. ... On the Sabbath I got together my new veshches: pencils, pens, notebooks, music paper, and a very horrorshow like briefcase to put it all in. I tried on my new platties, a grey suit with boxy pletchoes and a blue fractal-patterned kravat, the heighth of fashion among bourgeois-type young vecks. I combed my luscious glory to one side and put on a starry watch that I'd gotten from Pee. My room did not have a full-length mirror so I ittied out to the vaysay. But Harmeet, at the kitchen table with his little compy-ooter veshch, smecked at me and said, \"You look like you're from the nineteenth century.\" \"Old Ludwig Van was from the nineteenth century, Mr. Harmony, sir, so this should be fine for music skolliwoll tomorrow,\" I govoreeted with dignity, and went to smot at myself in the mirror. I must confess I was a handsome veck all dressed up in my dress platties, nineteenth century or not. ... GEOFFREY PLAUTUS MUSIC CONSERVATORY, the sign above my gulliver read. My heart went thump thump thump thump like a gromky one-two one-two military march. I slooshied traffic noise behind me; Winterson Street was a busy sort of mesto, with tall buildings all around. In front of me now stood this bolshy red brick building that reminded me a malenky bit of a prison, but only a very malenky bit. In fact I was poogly because I hadn't been so skorry catching the autobus. I'd thought of crasting an auto just to get here, but I decided to be an honest lewdie and wait for another bus. Old Harmony hadn't waited for me, which was very rude of him. \"Hurry up,\" came a malchick's goloss behind me. This malchick had red frizzy hair and wore jeans. He said again, \"Hurry up. I'm late for Harmony.\" \"Harmony?\" I asked, puzzled. \"I thought he was in class too.\" \"Not Harmony 2, Harmony 1. I didn't take Harmony last year, just Melody and Counterpoint.\" \"Melody?\" I was very very puzzled. \"This is silly!\" declared the malchick and pushed past me. \"Maybe you're in the wrong place. Winterson Tech and State Marine Insurance are across the street.\" I opened the door and goolied after him. \"No, no, no, I am a student of this school. I am on my way to—\" I checked my inked-on palm, trying to viddy the sweaty letters—\"F-24.\" \"That'd be Comp 1. Old Geoff's going to give you a right lecture. The usual drill. How motivated and hardworking you have to be to even think about passing his course. Like at medical school, you know, all the blood and guts you'll have to deal with. Only, you know, the music version. Well, it's just down the hall. I'm going the other way. See you.\" \"Thank you,\" I said, but he'd already ittied off. The hall had malenky lockers down one side, like in grammar school. They were very small lockers. I reached the end of the hall and my heart started to beat thump thump again, this time like a bezoomny drummer. From inside came the shoom of music. I opened the door. Twenty faces smotted at me, including a very short, very bald and very starry veck standing at the front who stopped the music with a tap of his finger when I ittied in. This was the composer Geoffrey Plautus, only he looked older than in pictures. In fact he looked like my boss Mr. Cordwell, only black and with a pair of thick otchkies and American. That is, you could not tell he was American by smotting, only by slooshying his accent when he opened his rot and said, as he did now, \"You're not to be late for class. Sit down. We're listening to Debussy.\" \"But sir,\" I like bowed my head, \"I very much apologize. I am very sorry. The bus happened to leave before I could reach it...\" He waved his rooker, like conducting me to a desk. \"Doesn't matter. Just sit down. We're listening to Debussy.\" And we were slooshying this Dee Buh Zee again once he'd pressed the button. I sat on a chair between a beefy anxious-looking veck scribbling notes and skinny Dave Purcell from work. I had not known, O little brothers, that Dave went here too. He sort of smirked at me and went back to doodling exploding autos on a piece of paper. I closed my glazzies and let the music like wash over me. It was like waves lapping against a shore on a lonely beach. The Professor composer veck, Mr. Plautus, dealt it the off all of a sudden. He looked around the room and his glazzies landed on me. \"Your name?\" \"Alex DeLarge, sir.\" \"Give me your impression of Debussy's Prelude, the one we heard just now.\" I caught the glazzy of Melody in the front row. Her voloss fell like silk around her face as she smiled at me and I felt more like confident. I said, \"Well, sir, it was very watery, like water. Very... very wishy-washy.\" \"Wishy-washy!\" Dave beside me mimicked, and soon all the grazhny lewdies were laughing. Melody didn't laugh, but the ptitsa beside her, the only devotchka besides Melody in the class, laughed hee hee hee in a soprano like descant over the lower ho ho hos and hu hu hus all around. This ptitsa was more malenky than Melody, with short blond voloss and bolshy black sunglasses, and I viddied she was the sharp in Harmeet's picture. Even if she was blind and could not viddy anything, that was no excuse to smeck at me. Even Mr. Plautus smiled. \"Interesting, Alex. What you gave us is a valid sensory impression. Keep in mind that Debussy is often considered a musical Impressionist, though I doubt his contemporaries would have called him, uh, wishy-washy. Yes. Young lady in black. Sonya? Yes, Sonya.\" The blind ptitsa spoke up, her goloss sladky but sort of boastful too. \"I also noticed that he switches between musical modes using pivot tones, and at some points this frequent use of pivot tones destabilizes the prominence of any one mode.\" \"Yes,\" nodded Melody, very likely the only one who'd ponied her slovos besides Mr. Plautus himself, \"it reminds me of Indian music in some places.\" Dave leaned over and whispered, \"And Pocahontas would know, wouldn't she?\" \"Not that kind of Indian,\" I hissed back. I didn't like the way he smotted at her. \"She's govoreeting about the country India, which of course is next to Egypt.\" Then Mr. Plautus told us that pivot tones were notes common to different modes, and that a mode was a key that could have a different scale than just major or minor. I didn't quite pony this part. But he went on, \"As you can see, I am open to many approaches to music: emotional, technical, sensory, psychological, analytical, even spiritual, and preferably many of those combined. It is important that we learn to experience music with our whole selves, or else how can we write it? All I ask of you is attention, commitment, and willingness to experiment. Class dismissed.\" People started to gather their vesches and itty out. That had not been a very terrifying lecture, I realized, and it had ended early, or so my pee's watch told me. But still I felt very small. Dim, even. After that I had two more classes, Melody and Counterpoint (with the devotchka Melody and her little droogie Sonya, whom she helped through the hall, but no hound-and-horny Dave) and then Ear Training 1. After that I found old Harmony coming out of some class with an eemya like Sound Mixing, and he showed me to a different autobus, saying that we might as well go to his parent's domy now. I'd almost forgotten—Melody or rather her em had invited me for dinner this nochy.[Chapter 5] A/N: This was originally the first scene of a longer chapter, but I split it up because it was just getting too long. To recap on our main story, Alex is having dinner at his friends' house – Harmeet is his roommate, and Harmeet's twin sister Melody has caught the glazzy of Our Hypocritical Narrator - but will their younger brother Jay be trouble? Next chappy will take us into shadier places than suburbia, I promise... Thanks, merci, danke, arigato and shukriya to my readers and reviewers! 5. The Singh Family I'd taken the autobus with Harmy Harmony—O very well, Harmeet—down to a more dorogoy and bourgeois part of town. Along the streets were red brick or stone houses with malenky flower gardens in front. We ittied out of the autobus at a corner store called The Corner Store. Harm's domy was just down this street. It was like a malenky stone cottage, but with an extra floor. There was no garage but two cars sat in the driveway—one a starry faded blue sedan, the other a horrorshow black convertible. I rang the collocol, but Harmeet like pushed me aside and opened the door. From inside came the von of warm pishcha, chicken and other veshches. A middle-sized cheena in a sparkly yellow dress—Mrs. Singh, it must be—rushed forward, flashed a zooby smile, and wrapped her rookers around Harm in a hug. Then she viddied Your Humble Narrator, still grin-grinning away, and shook my hand very vigorously up and down. \"Delighted to meet you, Alex,\" she said in an accent that was more Bee Bee See than Arabian or Indian. \"Come in. Sit down. Supper is almost ready—I let Melody and Jaydeep prepare it.\" We all sat down in a like sitting room with couches, rocking chairs, an upright piano, and a real fireplace (though not lit). I was startled by a groaning shoom, but it was only Harmeet saying with great dramatics, \"You let Jay cook? Jay? He'll burn the bloody place down.\" \"Now Har- meet ,\" his mother began, with a stern smot, when we heard a loud creech from the kitchen. A young male voloss creeched a few not-so-proper words. Another shoom, that of running water. Then Melody's beautiful though rather flushed litso appeared in the doorway. \"Sorry 'bout that, Mum. Jay just bumped his elbow on the stove by accident. Burned himself slightly.\" Harm let out a guff. \"Huh. Exactly what he deserves.\" Melody's dark glazzies looked kind of disapproving, but then she viddied me. \"Oh, hi Alex,\" she smiled. \"Survive the first day?\" Why did my gorlo feel like sandpaper? \"Er, yes,\" I squeaked. \"Effin' soomka, get back here!\" came the voloss of Jaydeep Singh from the kitchen. Soomka, now—that was a nadsat word. Where on Bog's earth did he get that from? Clearly not his Em or his brother or sister. \"Effin' what?\" Mel called back, annoyed. \"If you want to swear, swear fucking properly!\" Mrs. Singh looked like she wanted to faint and tolchock her daughter at the same time. \"Melody Singh! Is that how we speak in front of guests?\" Melody flushed. \"Please, Mum. Sorry.\" Amidst this noise and commotion, the collocol rang again. \"It must be Omar,\" said Mrs. Singh. Mel opened the door to a tall bearded veck, also with spectacles on his glazzies. \"Dad! You're just in time for supper. Jay's busy cooking himself, and when he's done we'll eat him.\" \"Jaydeep's in the kitchen?\" Mr. Singh looked alarmed. He took off his sabogs and hurried away to save his molodoy son. Mel sat down with a grin. \"I always say the proper place for men is the kitchen.\" Harm grunted and rocked his rocking chair back and forth. \"Yeah? I guess I'm just effeminate then.\" \"Effemi-what?\" I asked. There were too many veshches going on at once, so I didn't notice Mrs. Singh trying to catch my glazzy. She was shaking her head. \"I am sorry, Alex, that we are not more organized. Your parents must be very different, I'm sure.\" \"Oh, they are that, missus. Different. ...Or maybe they are not very different.\" I could not speak, brothers. I could not govoreet as well as polite Mrs. Bee Bee See Singh or smecking Melody or cool-as-ice Harmeet. I thought of my Pee and Em ittying off to their rabbit at the grocery store, but they did not seem very interessovating as a subject of conversation. \"Everybody's different,\" said Harm like philosophically, nodding his gulliver. His mother reached out and patted him on that same gulliver, saying, \"Harmeet is my good child. Even if he did quit his piano lessons for computer music.\" \"Mum, I'm eighteen,\" he said, pulling away from his mother's patting hand. \"And I'm done all my lessons. I still teach piano to Aunty Suri's kids... and Sonya from school, of course.\" His mother beamed another zooby smile. \"Ah yes, Sonietta Keyes. Such a nice girl. A brilliant child. And she's only, what, fifteen? But so sad about her eyes...\" At that moment Jaydeep Singh ittied into the room and I had a good chance to viddy him. He was a shortish malchick of sixteen, wearing black jeans and a bright yellow polo shirt with the collar turned up—very likely the heighth of fashion among nadsats these days. His black voloss was all spiked and he wore no otchkies over his sharp hazel-green glazzies. \"Welly welly well,\" he govoreeted slowly. \"Let us not retell the tale of sad little blind Sonya—who is too young for thou, anyway, Harmeet—not in front of our honoured guest Little Alex.\" His sharp glazzies like stared at me and I looked away. \"It is you. I thought it was you by your eemya. I've heard a lot about you.\" \"Supper is ready,\" said Mr. Singh behind him, and we all ittied to the dining room (which had a chandelier with real glass, brothers, if not diamonds) but I was suddenly all poogly. I felt I'd been dealt a tolchock to the rot and couldn't speak. What had this malchick heard of me, exactly? And would he govoreet it to his Em and Pee? To Melody? My forehead started to sweat. I sat down next to Melody and across from Jay. \"And where have you heard of me, exactly?\" I asked the malchick, trying to give him a look of like warning at the same raz. Little bratty Jay grinned. \"Oh, I seen your picture in the gazettas, like. The newspapers I mean.\" Mr. Singh gave him a stern look. \" Saw , not seen .\" But Mrs. Singh smiled. \"The newspapers! Surely because of your brilliant musicianship, right, Alex?\" \"Sure sure sure,\" said Jaydeep. \"The newspapers!\" Mrs. Singh was still excited. \"Just like Vijay in Vienna! Excuse me, Omar, but I just have to fetch the latest Classical Courier. Vijay is in there with a very flattering write-up.\" She ittied into the hall. I sort of smiled at Melody but she averted her glazzies. Strange, very strange. Jay grumble-chumbled, \"Not Vijay in Vienna again.\" Then he reached over to a side-table and poured us all some stew with parsley and lentils. He dished out mine from a separate dish. \"Alex DeLarge special,\" he smecked. It was probably less spicy, brothers, that was probably why. Now Melody served us all from a heaping dish of chicken and rice. Her arm brushed mine as she goolied around my place. This almost made me think, brothers, of gloopy things like love and harmony and togetherness and all that cal. I thought of the raz when my newish droogies Len, Rick, and Bully had smecked at this picture of a baby I'd kept, just a little malenky photo. I'd though, then, that I didn't want to spend my jeezny with these dim smecking droogs—rather I'd find a devotchka and have real babies. I could just viddy the ones me and Mel would have... her silky black hair and my blue glazzies in a bundle of malenky joy... Maybe I was crazy, brothers. Maybe the warm von of the food was turning my head. In countries of the Far East such as India, I knew they had opium and other druggy veshches, but they didn't put them in food, did they? Now Mrs. Singh bustled in, grinning like bezoomny and waving a gazetta in her hands. \"Sorry to delay you, but I just had to find this. Here's Vijay in the Mozart Revival Concert in Vienna.\" Jaydeep snorted. \"Nice platties. Very like dashing .\" The photo in the paper showed this orchestra, but up close was a young veck of twenty or twenty-two playing a violin. He looked a bit like Harmeet, but taller and handsomer and more serious-looking. But I viddied why Jaydeep said dashing in a sarky goloss: poor Violin Vijay in Vienna had a white pony-tailed wig on his gulliver and ruffly eighteenth-century platties. Nineteenth-century platties would not be so bad, but poor V V looked bezoomny in his Mozart outfit. \"Look, I'll read it to you,\" Mrs. Singh went, \"It says, 'Vijay R. Vimarami, First Violinist, who graduated last year from the Geoffrey Plautus Music Conservatory in England, dazzled the audience by his lithe and supple rendition...' or maybe it's closer to 'flexible' than 'supple'?...\" Jaydeep coughed, not quite by accident, \"Horrorshow, Em, but can we eat now?\" Mrs. Singh gave the gazetta to Melody but Melody didn't reach out her rooker to take it. She was looking very sadly at her pishcha. So, brothers, I took the gazetta myself and tried to read it. I blinked once, twice. \"These slovos,\" I blurted out, \"they're not in English!\" \"Horrorshow, too, Alex,\" said Jaydeep, taking a big rotful of chicken. \"Very intelligent like observation.\" He set the gazetta on the windowsill. \"Mum speaks like seven or eight languages. Let's see: German like that paper, English and Panjabi of course, Hindi, Arabic, French, Spanish, Russian... Russian?\" Mrs. Singh smiled and said something with \"slovo\" in it. The rest I didn't quite pony. \"I'm afraid my Russian's a little rusty. I had to learn some four years ago for my tutoring but I haven't spoken it much since. It was all the rage at the private schools when the government tried to model itself after the old Soviet Union.\" \"'Tried' being the operative word,\" said Mr. Singh. \"The actual Soviet Union was worse. But this is the only modern nation, and I include China, that has used the auspices of Communism to increase the gap between the rich and poor with such hypocrisy...\" While Melody's pee and em govoreeted about politics, I started to eat my chicken and rice. Jay and Harm were munching away, glorp glorp glorp, but Melody, next to me, stared away at the wall. \"What's wrong?\" I asked her, like solicitous. She shook her head and started eating the stew. Harmeet looked up. \"Oh, it's just Vijay. Don't get all upset about him, Mel. I'm sure you can visit Vienna in the summer.\" \"No,\" said Melody, like sharp. \"Not him,\" said Jay. \"Let's not talk about him.\" But Mrs. Singh had heard, and she broke off her speech about Economic Relations to sigh, \"Vijay Vimarami! Such a nice boy. So polite, so respectful. Always good day, please, thank you, guten tag , s'il vous plait , shukriya ... Such a pleasant singing voice, too. And so talented.\" \"Nadmenny nazz,\" was Jay's contribution. \"So snotty the snot drips out his ookos.\" Melody said, in a weak sort of goloss, \"He wasn't a snob to like a well-paid position in an Austrian orchestra better than he liked me. Practical, rather.\" \"Poor Melody, playing second fiddle to a violin,\" said Jay like merciless. Now she glared at him. \"Piss off.\" I viddied it all now, brothers. Violin Vijay was my competition. So polite. So respectful... Grazhny bratchny. Let's hope he stayed in gloopy Vienna where he belonged. \"Melody, be nice,\" warned her em. But she put a hand on her daughter's rooker. \"What about Jatin Parminder from Jazz Studies? He's a nice boy too.\" \"Nice,\" said Melody. \"Interesting, no.\" \"Suraj Khan, the flutist?\" Mel shrugged. \"Not even Bobby Lee Chang, from Electronics?\" \"Elecroacoustics,\" corrected Harmeet. \"But no chance there. He's as queer as a pink rainbow.\" Before Mrs. Singh could ask if that were nice or not, Jaydeep said, very skorry, \"And not the sort of queer as in, say, queer as a clockwork orange?\" Brothers, I jumped. I'd been about to take my first rotful of lentil stew, but my spoon fell out of my rooker and into my soup ker-splash. I oosooshed the stain off the tablecloth with my cloth serviette and said, \"What do you know about this clockwork orange veshch, Jaydeep Singh?\" \"Oh, nothing,\" he shrugged. \"Phrase I picked up somewhere. Don't mind me. Eat your stew.\" So I took a bolshy gulp of this stew— glolp . Very flavourful, very very... My gorlo started to burn. My litso felt all firey. Even the insides of my ookos stung and burned. I reached for my glass of water and downed it in two swallows. Coughing kashl kashl kashl, I went \"Excuse me,\" not knowing how to say it in French or German or anything-Jabby, and rushed to the kitchen where I filled up glass after tass after chasha of water. My glazzies watered and my nose dripped. My reflection in the window was all red and sniffly. Oh Bog. Where was the horrorshow fearsome malchick who'd tolchocked vecks twice his size? Probably that grazhny doobidoob Violin Vijay could eat twenty times this much spicy pishcha without blinking. I walked back in, chin high. No use complaining and platching—they'd only laugh. But Mr. Singh asked, \"Are you all right?\" while Melody tasted my soup and frowned. Her eyes started to water a little. \"Jaydeep Singh!\" Everyone looked at him. He shrugged his pletchoes. \"For Bog's sake, it was only a little extra curry. Never killed anyone so far. Sonya Keyes even thought it was funny, that last time...\" \"I told you, he's not mature enough to cook,\" said Mr. to Mrs. Singh. Jay stood up, his litso red. \"I am mature! I'm the one bloody defending this place! If it wasn't for me, you'd have shaikas and bandas all over this domy, trying to get their grazhny malenky rookers on all these bugatty dishes and furniture and cal!\" \"I don't understand him,\" said Mr. to Mrs. Singh. \"Do you?\" Jaydeep stomped off, stomp stomp stomp, and I slooshied a door close with a crash. From his room came the shoom of loud music. Bog blast me—it was Beethoven's Third, the Napoleon Symphony. I viddied I had influence, brothers. My tastes were like finally filtering down to the tasteless nadsats of today. Only, when I was molodoy like Jaydeep, surely I wasn't so annoying. Surely I was a better and kinder malchick...[Chapter 6] A/N: A bit of attempted cuteness, but also some gruesomeness. No direct reference to the \"viddy well\" part in the movie, but you'll see why \"viddy\" is important... 6. Viddy Well Before I ittied off homewards, brothers, I paused on the Singh family's front step, breathing in the cool nochy air. The old Luna shone faintly in a sky still blue. The houses did not look so squarish in the softer light, and I viddied I could have grown up to be some sort of artist or poet or even a dobby violinist had I lived here instead of Flatblock 18A. But maybe not. I was just about to gooly away when I heard the creak creak of a door. Out stepped Melody, a dark purple shawl wrapped around her shoulders. She sat on the step like casual, and I sat next to her, searching my rassoodock for something to say. I could not think of one single smart or intelligent slovo, brothers, until Melody broke the silence. \"Alex? You're not still angry, are you?\" \"Angry?\" I skazatted. \"Why would I be angry?\" Melody rolled her glazzies. \"The man plays innocent... Angry at Jaydeep, of course.\" She sighed and shook her gulliver back and forth. \"I bet your family isn't half as crazy as ours. Do you have any brothers or sisters?\" \"Not one.\" \"Grandparents?\" \"All dead and gone.\" \"I'm sorry about that. What about aunts, uncles, cousins?\" I messeled a bit. \"Some up in Manchester, a few in Paris. I don't know them very well.\" \"Wait, wait—Paris, France?\" Melody was like interressovated. \"Well, yes. From my dear papa's side of the family.\" \"Your father's French?\" I grinned. \"With an eemya like Pierre DeLarge, je pense que oui .\" I don't know where those slovos came from, brothers. I hadn't govoreeted in French for years except to say bon joor to my pee, deliberately badly. She clasped her rookers together. \"Oh, that's so exotic ! You never told me you were half French. Someday I want to travel all around the continent. I'll go to France, Spain, Italy, Portugal...\" She stood up and stretched out her shawl like airplane wings. \"Greece, Holland, Denmark, Monaco, Lichtenstein...\" She listed near twenty countries that were real and five or six she'd made up, but then stopped very skorry. \"But not Austria. At least not Vienna.\" \"And why not Vienna?\" I asked, playing innocent or whatever. Her otchkies flashed with twin Lunas as she turned her head. \"It's too touristy. All that yodelay-hee-hoo Sound of Music crap.\" I clicked-clicked my tongue. \"Ah ah. And that is the reason?\" \"That is very much the reason,\" she said, stubborn-like, and sat back down. Her shawl brushed my pletcho as she adjusted it. Was I bezoomny or was she sitting closer to me this raz? I touched the shawl with one of my rookers and she did not move away. \"Very nice stuff, this. A lot of pretty polly?\" She looked confused, then her glazzies brightened. \"Expensive? No, it's just cotton... although in medieval Europe purple meant royalty. But I never grew up thinking I was a princess. No, no, I just used to imagine conducting huge orchestras in giant concert halls with crowds of thousands clapping. Selfish, but at least not strictly impossible.\" She smiled at me and I felt a shivery sort of feeling I could not give an eemya to. \"You seem very lucky, Melody, to have such a like kind and like loving family,\" I slooshied myself govoreeting. Stranger and stranger, brothers. I did not know what part of my rassoodock these slovos had come from either. Then the ptitsa snorted, smecking like, and that odd shivering feeling went away. \"Kind and loving? If that's what you call it.\" She spread out her left rooker and tapped each of her fingers. \"Yes yes. Taking today as our example... first it's me acting childish and snapping at Jay the Rebel.\" (Thumb.) \"Then Dr. Important comes home and ignores us all.\" (First finger.) \"Mrs. Brain-turned-Matchmaker, my kind and loving mother, shows off by translating a German article about old Vijay Mozart, not to mention listing the names of half the Asian boys in the school.\" (Middle finger.) \"At which point Mr. Goodygood decides that homophobia is cool and rainbows are pink.\" (Ring finger.) \"And then Jay the Rebel says something completely incomprehensible about oranges...\" I took her rooker. She hadn't tapped her little finger yet but I did not want to hear about Jay. Like they'd say on a gloopy detective show, he knew too much. \"Slow down, slow down. You are talking very skorry. Did you say your father is a doctor?\" Melody shook her head and freed her hand from mine. \"Not a real doctor. Professor of political science. Mum's finishing up her thesis in linguistics and then she'll have 'Dr' in front of her name too. Bloody deceptive I call it.\" I did not know science could be political, brothers. I thought it was about atoms and cells and telescopes and all that cal. But I wanted her to viddy I was oomny rather than dim, so I said, \"But Melody, don't you think education is good? That's why I'm going to music skolliwoll. To get a bit of education, like.\" Mel grinned. \"But not too much education. It's cute when you say 'skolliwoll' for 'school.'\" \"Cute?\" I raised my gulliver. \"Spare a grown-up veck some dignity, sister. I am not, as you say, cute .\" \"No,\" said Mel very seriously, though I could tell she was still smecking inside, \"no, not as cute as Jatin from Jazz Studies. Is that better...? But one question before you go: what the hell is a clockwork orange?\" I coughed kashl kashl in surprise. I didn't want to tell her about the Ludovico Technique, because that would mean telling her the whole grazhny rotten story. \"Well, well, nothing really. It's just from this book, it's an expression for people who are forced to act like clockwork. Like a machine you know, like a robot.\" She smiled, a softer smile this time. \"I think we can safely say you're not a robot after Jaydeep's physiological version of the Turing Test. The Curry Test I call it.\" The Luna shone silver on her black voloss. I reached out very slowly and touched it. Like very thin threads of silk it was. My rooker went under her chin and I pulled her litso closer to mine. \"I can't pony all the slovos you're govoreeting,\" I like murmured, \"but your lips look beautiful govoreeting them...\" And then Melody pulled back, frowning. What had I done wrong? I'd been gentler with her than any other devotchka, even the ones that'd fancied me. And I'd said lips instead of goobers , brothers, because goobers did not sound very romantic. \"My appy polly loggies,\" I began, but Mel shook her head. \"No need for apologies,\" she whispered. \"It's just that someone might be watching. Mum still has her heart set on me and Vijay, if you've noticed. Jaydeep, well... Never mind. Can we maybe meet again sometime?\" And then I had a horrorshow dobby idea. \"Right right right. As a matter of fact I am going to a little party at this veck Greg's domy on Friday. Very civilized, with wine and cheese and word games. My friend Pete is bringing his wife Georgina, and he very much encouraged me to bring a date too.\" Actually he didn't skazat anything about it, but he would not mind, brothers, would he? Melody squeezed my rooker. \"Yes. Very much yes. Call me with the details.\" And as I was ittying down the path, brothers, she winked and blew me a kiss. ... In my daze of mind I had turned the wrong way, brothers, and instead of catching the autobus at The Corner Store I goolied onto a different bus. I finally ponied my mistake when I viddied bright lights and traffic out the window, but I just stayed put, hoping it would itty back somewhere closer to my own domy. Finally, the traffic got lighter, the lights dimmer, the streets more familiar. Then I saw a mesto up ahead whose eemya I recognized: the Korova Milkbar. But when the bus turned left, away from the Milkbar and not in the direction of the flatblocks at all, I pulled the bell. Soon I ittied off, and set out towards the Milkbar. I figured I'd have just one milk plus, a small one, to calm my nerves. The street was dark, but my eyes were very skorry at darting around, alert for trouble and all that cal. There did not seem to be many nadsats out this Monday nochy. In the grass next to the sidewalk I saw an open purse, and around it papers and plastic cards and lipstick tubes scattered like bezoomny—all the pretty polly crasted, of course, but one of the cards caught my glazzy. I picked it up and read \"Public Library.\" My luck was dobby tonight, since the devotchka hadn't signed her eemya on it, so I tucked the card into my carman. I figured a Public Biblio card would make me look smarter, brothers. I could even borrow books with it. The Korova Milkbar had not changed much. You could still viddy plastic statues of naked cheenas, as well as the newer plastic korovas, or cows. I nodded at the bartender and he ignored me. Well, brothers, I did not have to think I was famous like a sinny star, but for a young malchick I had a bit of a reputation, and some vecks admired me. Others would as soon stab me as viddy me. I wasn't sure where Jaydeep fit into all this... \"Alex!\" some veck called, and I turned around real skorry. At the closest table were my newer droogs, Len, Rick, and Bully. I relaxed. Soon Rick and Bully were giving me friendly tolchocks on the back, I was sipping a milk-plus, and I felt like the Singh house was just a strange sneety. As the four of us govoreeted, the Korova filled up with customers. Noise blasted out gromky through the speakers—some very bezoomny non-song called \"Like a G8\" by Walky Talky and the Trotskys. Bully was trying to govoreet something, so I leaned closer and bumped heads with Len. Len was short, skinny, and rather dim, but I didn't want to make him razdraz. When old Dim got razdraz, for example... not dobby for me. \"Appy polly loggies,\" I said. \"I NEVER DID TELL YOU WHAT WE DID THE NOCHY YOU LEFT US!\" Bully shouted into my ooko. \"Not so loud, please!\" I creeched. \"Well I never did tell, did I?\" \"Let me guess, you did some man-size crast and smecked away with jewels and diamonds?\" I said. The knives from the moloko made this crasting and drasting seem like radosty again, but I kept my goloss sort of sarky. Bully shook his bulldog litso, jowls wiggling. \"No, unfortunately not. But it was very funny, this. I think you'll have a right smeck. It was just some little corner store called The Corner Store.\" Len and Rick let out a guff, right on cue. \"The owner being a big bolshly chelloveck, we waited until he left in his truck on an errand.\" \"Then we all went up to the counter, real polite,\" Rick added. \"There was only one other lewdie in the store—or so we thought—a gloopy-looking Arab boy with otchkies.\" \"It was this raz last year, almost egg-zackly,\" continued Len, \"but I remember he was very like unprofessional. Slouching and all. Gave us a very bored glazzy. 'Hello how can I help you' but not very helpful-like.\" \"He wasn't doing his job very well, so he needed discipline,\" agreed Rick. \"So I grabbed his gulliver and put it in a choke-hold, like this.\" I felt a rooker around my shiyah and shook it off. \"Exactly. But this malchick was weak and caught by surprise. He tried to beat me with his little fisties, but I squeezed squeezed squeezed and then he sort of flopped over. Not dead but out out out. So we smashed the till and crasted piles of sladky candy and cancers and such, just stuffing them into shopping bags. Then Bully went and opened the door of the supply closet—\" \"Hold your yahzick!\" Bully interrupted. \"I'm skazatting this part. So I opened the door to the closet, and this shest, that is, this huge stick, came out of nowhere and near tolchocked my gulliver in two. I ducked quick enough that it only hit my rooker, but it hurt like hell.\" Len guffawed ha ha ha. Bully glared. \"Shut it. That's not the funny part. I got all razdraz and I grabbed at the air. (Still not the funny part.) I found myself holding a broom in my rookers, and THEN I saw that the lewdie holding the other end was only a little blond ptitsa, not more than fourteen. (Shut your hole, Rick, she near killed me.) There was a very fierce and murderous look in those glazzies.\" \"Very rude,\" Len said. \"She tried to oobivat poor Bully and now she was looking at us funny, so of course we had to punish her.\" Bully went on: \"So I pulled the broom out of her hands. I gave her a tolchock on the brooko and each noga and rooker, until she platched boo hoo hoo at me to stop. Then I gave Len and Rick the signal\" (he snapped his fingers—very horrorshow signal) \"and they wrestled her to the floor, Len holding her rookers and Rick her nogas.\" \"It was the other way around,\" complained Len. He squeezed the udder of the cow statue next to him, seeing if it would give moloko, but it wasn't made to do that. \"Doesn't matter,\" said Bully. His big bulldog face widened in a grin. \"Now that our little ptitsa couldn't itty away, I—\" \"Stop,\" I govoreeted all of a sudden. I don't know why, but I felt bolnoy, not with any veshch like the Ludovico-pains but with this strange inside sickness. \"I don't need to know what you did. I can guess it all right.\" I tried to sound sarky and bored again. Rick frowned at me, and then started to chortle. \"Oh ho ho, I know what little Alex is thinking.\" \"Get your mind out of the gutter,\" squeaked Len in this high falsetto voice. \"Please do,\" said Bully, in a snobby though more serious voice. \"I have better taste than that. She was just a grazhny little shopgirl with a plain litso and hardly any groodies. And since she had such murderous little blue glazzies , I had something else in mind. You know how there's all these chemical veshches in cleaning closets? All these strong like acids and bases and things that are baddiwad for the old environment?\" \"Is that where political science comes from?\" I wondered out loud. People in politics govoreeted about the environment sometimes, and chemicals were science. Bully gave me a very strange smot. \"What? Hast thou had too much moloko? ...Anyway, and I'm coming up to the funny part, I searched round and found this bolshy white bottle of drain cleaner or bleach or some veshch like that right on the bottom shelf.\" \"Poison, corrosive, do not touch,\" Rick added with great joy and radosty. \"I took the lid off, gave it a sniff. Better than moloko plus! Then I held open the devotchka's glazzy with one rooker, and with the other poured juuust enough of this cleaner veshch right in. She creeched like bezoomny. Then we did the other glazzy, and repeated the whole veshch a few more razzes, just for kicks, with the poor malenky ptitsa creech-creech-creeching away.\" Bully and the others smecked ha ha ha ha ha. \"But why? Why?\" I could not help feeling this strange in-sickness again. I imagined I was being held down, and—no, Bog, no. I rubbed my glazzies over and over. \"I'm going. I'm ittying out. I have a pain in my gulliver.\" They kept laughing. \"Methinks you can't hold your moloko, me heartie,\" said Len, now in a pirate goloss or some such cal. I wanted to govoreet something very cutting but I held my yahzick. Maybe Len was right, the bastard, maybe it was the moloko. I stumbled out the door onto the now pitch-dark street. In the distance I could hear some lewdie creeching for his life. I turned back to take one last smot at the Korova, to make sure I was ittying the right way, when a pair of brights from an auto flashed at me. The auto, sleek and black, screeched to a stop and I started running. \"No! Wait!\" a devotchka called out. \"Is that Alex?\" I rubbed my glazzies again. \"Melody Singh!\" She drove forward a few paces and opened the door. Yes, Melody Singh. Good Bog, was I ever relieved. \"Get in. Now. It's dangerous out here alone.\" I jumped in very skorry and she shut the door and spun the auto around, not quite lawfully but very skillfully. Some nadsat hooted and flung a rookerful of pebbles, but they just clattered off the window. Clearly Mel was not yeckating with the convertible part down. \"So, what happened?\" she asked me, making another sharp turn. \"Did you see Jay at all?\" \"Jay?\" I said. I rubbed my glazzies. \"Vijay R. Mozart?\" \"No,\" said Mel, annoyed. \"My brother. We thought he was in his room but he ran off again, and now Mum expects me to go and find him.\"[Chapter 7] A/N: Very sorry for not reading people's chapters lately. I've been going through a hard time, though no serious health problems or anything. This time I'd like to thank... Google, for letting me double-check the Yiddish and Panjabi (I'm from Montreal and part of my family's Jewish, but for some reason I can never spell Yiddish words right.) Also, I came up with an explanation for the name Alex Burgess on the newspapers in the film. Plausible, not plausible? You decide. And when you're done the chapter, please check out my Audience Participation Alert at the end! 7. Jaydeep and the Malenky Shaika I was still rubbing my eyes. The moloko made me feel zoned out, but to tell the truth, I was upset by Len and Rick and Bully's story about pouring corrosive detergent-veshch into a ptitsa's eyes. Because all of a sudden I ponied who the ptitsa and the spectacled \"Arab\" were. Good Bog, I hoped that malenky bratchny Jaydeep wasn't involved with Bully's shaika. That would mean trouble for the Singh family... \"Did you hear me?\" Melody said, voice sharp. She was driving (and a nice horrorshow auto it was too, sleek black and expensive) while I sat next to her, rubbing my poor glazzies. \"I said I'm looking for Jaydeep, who ran off... Why are your eyes red, Alex, are you drunk?\" she asked like crossly. I shrugged my pletchoes. \"Drunk, is it? Can a malchick get drunk drinking milk?\" Mel looked relieved. \"No, I guess not. Try and help me then. Did you see Jay leave?\" \"No no no.\" \"Do you have any idea where he might have gone?\" \"Not at all, little sister.\" \"Don't call me your sister!\" It was clear, brothers, that Melody was in a grumpy mood because of her no-good baddiwad brother. But I had a veshch I needed to like confirm with her. \"Ah, um, Melody...\" \" Yes , Alex.\" Her gullivers gripped the steering wheel and she looked straight ahead. \"I, I...\" How to skazat to her what I'd heard through Bully's shaika? \"I heard a very disturbing rumour, like, about Sonya from music school and, and your bratty Harmeet, I think it was.\" Melody cut me off with a very gromky \"NO!\" She glared at me for a lomtick of a second then turned back to the road. \"My brother is not a pervert,\" she govoreeted through gritted teeth. \"Yes, he's three years younger than Sonya. Yes he worked in a store with her. He's also taught her piano lessons for years. So what? They were friends. He's only had a crush on her for like, the past six weeks. If I were him, I'd wait until her sixteenth birthday before asking her out, but, but, but... You're worse than Dave Purcell from class. First he says to me, 'How's the climate around here, Pocahontas?' and then 'Hey Pokey, how's it feel having a pedophile brother?' Feels like somebody needs a swift kick in the rear, that's how. Bastard.\" I waved my rookers in what I messeled was a calming motion. \"Peace, peace. Compose thyself, Melody. Violence is not the answer.\" \"Right, but some boys, some nadsats , there you go, aren't so smart.\" She pointed ahead at two groups of malchicks dratsing in the middle of the road. One boy was tolchocking another with a rock and giving him a fair bloody litso. Two others were wrestling, which looked enough like lubbilubbing to make me smeck. Malchicks these days. No style. Melody honked the auto-horn, GROMNK, and rolled down the window. \"Hey, gentlemen! Any of you seen Jaydeep Singh?\" \"We seen bluejay sing?\" the rock-tolchocker parroted. \"No we don't seen, nor do we care to have seen. Sod off, unless you want a bit of in-out with us, eh? ...Ow ow ow oooooow!\" For one of the rival nadsats had just dealt the veck a smack on the back of the gulliver while he was talking. Melody gunned the auto and yeckated around them, leaving them to their bitva. \"What I was saying about Harmeet and Sonya,\" I began again carefully, \"had nothing to do with Harmeet being a pervert. I do not think he is a pervert. He can be somewhat arrogant, but that is neither here nor there. I was talking about what happened in The Corner Store last year. If I slooshied correctly, poor harmless Harmony was knocked unconscious and Sonya was blinded in both her eyes by some brutal thieving malchicks.\" She looked startled, like some lewdie had dealt her a tolchock on the litso. \"What! How do you know about that?\" \"Word gets around,\" I said, being vague and not too specific, brothers. \"Even malchicks have the tendency to gossip.\" Her rot formed a frown. \"Well, it's not like it's a big secret. It's just really terrible. She went to the hospital and had two operations, but her sight was completely gone. I visited her and brought flowers, I don't know why I did that, they didn't even smell much. She was all bandaged up and it hurt her to cry. You bet if me or Jaydeep or even your so-called harmless Harmeet finds out who blinded her, there'll be some serious vengeance going down. Not just platching and kvetching, mind you.\" Now I worried about Len, Rick, and Bully, but I could not help smecking a malenky bit at her slovos. \"Sweet Melody, nadsats do not say that vengeance is 'going down.' We are not American gangsters. We do not 'kvetch' either, like some Germy yahoodie.\" I should not have smecked, brothers, because Mel got razdraz again. \"Well, excuse my vocabulary! I just thought 'platching' and 'kvetching' sounded nice together, you brainless bhenchod. Look that one up, won't you? And no, stop apologizing. I don't want to hear your apologizing. Using 'we' and all that—you'd almost think you wanted to be one of those fighting, drugging, robbing, raping, murdering bastards that call themselves nadsats. You don't really, do you?\" Brothers, I was just about to confess the mistakes of my past. It was on the tip of my yazhick, but just then Mel brought the car to a screeching halt in front of the Duke of New York. \"Look who's here,\" she muttered. I smotted, and there was Jaydeep, happy as you please, goolying out the pub door with his two droogs. There was a smallish droog of barely fifteen with a pale litso and short green voloss, plus a taller darker-skinned droog with his voloss dyed blue. They wore matching grey suits with suspenders and swim goggles over their glazzies. Quite gloopy-looking, although I viddied how goggles could come in handy around Bully's shaika... \"JAYDEEP SINGH!\" Melody shouted. Jay looked up, startled. \"Melody?\" His two droogs laughed, hu hu hu. Melody looked up at the taller droog, also startled. \"Suraj Khan? What the hell? What happened to the nice-guy flutist that everyone's mum wants their daughter to marry?\" She turned to Jaydeep. \"What'd you do, put out a call for Indian musicians to audition for your little boy band, I mean boy gang? Who were you expecting, Ravi Shankar? And who's this kid, shouldn't he be at home sleeping?\" \"My name,\" said the green-haired boy with a roll of the old glazzies, \"is Hal, short for Henry. I'm Dave's brother, so don't filly with me, ya pony?\" \"Ah, Dave Purcell you mean? Charming. You got quite the classical name. Baroque, anyway. Well, fellows, there's three spaces in the back, if you want a ride. I don't mean to be a killjoy, but Mama Singh a.k.a. Auntyji Priya is worried sick about poor Jay so we're taking him home. I was worried too.\" She sort of shivered. \"I mean I was worried he was out with some real criminals, not you lot. All right, Suraj, why are you looking at me like that?\" The blue-haired malchick whose eemya was Suraj frowned. \"If you're so worried about 'real' criminals, Melody, why are you sitting next to Alex DeLarge?\" Jay let out a guff. \"Yeah, Mel, why?\" \"You're Alex DeLarge?\" went malenky malchick Hal, eyes wide. \"Wow. Care to sign my sleeve? I've got a marker.\" He held out his rooker, but she pushed it rudely away. \"Cut the crap, boys. Just because Alex isn't all rich and bourgeois doesn't mean he's a thief or something.\" She opened the door and the malchicks shuffled in, one by one. I had a bad feeling in my guttiwuts about giving them a ride, afraid they'd say baddiwad things about Your Humble Narrator which would make my innocent though sharp-tongued Sweet Melody very very confused. We yeckated back to the Singh's house, and all was quiet for a while. I shouldn't have spoken up but I did, brothers. I like sighed and said, \"Very well, call me poor. I'm probably like lower caste to you anyway.\" Then Mel turned on me, razdraz again, or at least annoyed. \"Lower caste! What do you know about it? Our family doesn't follow castes anymore. We're a big mixed-up mess of Hindus, Sikhs, and Christians anyway.\" She glanced in the rearview mirror. \"And wannabe criminals. Right, Jay?\" Jaydeep smirked. \"I'm not saying a malenky thing. I'm just enjoying the like irony of you lecturing me on being a grazhny criminal while sitting next to Alex DeLarge.\" He paused. \"Ah, but speaking of riches, I heard your ex -boyfriend Vijay earns fifty thousand euros a year, whatever those are, and his contract with the orky dorky orchestra is three years long. So just messel about that when you start cuddling up to Alex, eh Mel?\" She said not a slovo, but the next time the auto turned I was tolchocked violently against the door. \"Watch it,\" Jay mumble-chumble-grumbled. \"It's my car too, you know.\" \"Alex, can I have your autograph?\" Hal asked again. \"No,\" I said. \"I'm sorry, but you cannot.\" \"What an example for the little malchicks.\" Suraj was shaking his blue-haired gulliver. \"So, Alex, killed any good millionaires lately?\" \"No seriously, how much deng have you ever crasted at once?\" Hal wanted to know. Mel sighed. \"Look, stop harassing him. If Alex really were a thief or a murderer, why would you want his autograph?\" She rolled her glazzies to the ceiling. \"The world is not making much sense today,\" she said, like joking but also gloomy. We dropped off Hal and Suraj at their houses. Hal let himself in but Suraj had to ring the zvonock because the lights were all out, and his father looked a little razdraz but smiled when he saw Melody. Then we were off again, and at last I could breath a sigh of relief. I'd been poogly that Mel would discover my past and I was poogly still. True, the gazettas had written about their \"TEEN MURDERER\" and \"SUBJECT OF CONTROVERSIAL LUDOVICO TREATMENT\" and all that cal under my em's last name, not my pee's. That meant the nadsat who did all those horrid vesches was Alex Burgess; I, Alex DeLarge, was innocent. Of course, if you viddied the pictures clarly enough you would pony we were the same veck, which I did not want Melody to know. As we neared the Singhs' house, Jay made ready to jump out but not before he leaned close and like growled, \"You can be droogs with Harmeet but leave Mel alone. Do I make myself sparkling crystal clear?\" Before she could ask him what he said, he was halfway across the driveway. \"Besides, you only like ptitsas under twelve or over thirty, correct?\" Not correct. Not correct at all, the malenky bratchny. But he smecked all the way to the house. ... A/N: Audience Participation Alert! Since the next chapter, I'm hoping, will have a music class scene, I'm inviting people to mention the name of ANY SINGER, MUSICIAN, BAND, OR COMPOSER in their review and I will try my best to incorporate him/her/it into the next chapter! (Which doesn't mean, if someone says Paul McCartney, that everything has to be about Paul McCartney. Just that he'll be mentioned somehow.)[Chapter 8] A/N: Finally done! I've got your Freddie Mercury, Duke Ellington, AND Burt Bacharach somewhere in there. (That isn't what took me so long.) Anyway, enjoy! ... \"Close your eyes and see.\" Ulysses , James Joyce, 45.16-17 ... 8. Close Your Eyes and Slooshy A starry grey-haired devotchka stood in front of the enormous class. \"Welcome everybody. My name is Gabrielle Ravel, current President of his Institution.\" She gave a very big smile. \"I understand it's either your first or second day at the Geoffrey Plautus Music Conservatory. Tuesday morning choir practice has been a tradition, since this school started, for all our first year students...\" I yawned, covering my just-brushed zoobies with a polite rooker. At oh nine oh one, the morning was very molodoy, and I was still fashed and dashed and all that. I mean tired, brothers. I'd stayed up late last night with Melody. No need to smeck at that—we didn't even touch goobers, we'd been too busy chasing after her malenky baddiwad brother. And before that I'd gone to the Korova and met with Len and Rick and Bully from my last shaika. I did not think I wanted to meet them again. Around me were one or two hundred malchicks and devotchkas, some govoreeting in whispers, others good and quiet. I was in an auditorium-like mesto, with the floor sloping up up up at the back, but it was for classes and not concerts. President-of-this-Institution Ravel had three other lewdies up front with her, seated at three different pianos. One was Geoffrey Plautus from America, the like founder of the college and also my Composition teacher, and the others two middle-aged devotchkas. The grey-haired cheena finished her speech with something that made me very poogly and nervous. An audition veshch was vareeting right now. Immediately the whole mass of malchicks and devotchkas, some chat-chat-chatting away, made three lines in front of the pianos. In my distress I govoreeted out loud. \"Audition audition? I did not know about an audition. I was not informed. What are we to audition?\" A ptitsa in front of me jumped at my voice. She turned around real skorry, tolchocking my foot with her malenky walking-stick. Her platties were all black, matching her sunglasses, and her voloss short and blond. \"Sorry. But who are you?\" It was Mel and Harmeet's friend Sonya—short for Sonietta or Sonatina or some such eemya—the know-it-all ptitsa from Composition. Suddenly I felt a strange feeling, like pity or some such veshch, remembering she hadn't been born blind. Len, Rick, and Bully had made her so. I shook my gulliver not to think of that, brothers, and replied, \"Alex De Large, your classmate. Er, do you know what this audition is for?\" Sonya's pletchoes relaxed. \"Ah yes. Sorry. Your voice startled me a little... but of course yes, you're that Alex.\" Her goobers widened in a grin. \"The one Melody fancies.\" Some malchick bumped into me and I realized the line was moving forward. At least Sonya could not see my rot hanging open in surprise. \"Melody... said...\" She twirled her walk-stick in a little circle on the floor. \"Yes, yes. She told me about you. Love at first sight. Very swoony, as I used to say. Anyway, we're auditioning for parts.\" \"Parts,\" I repeated like some dim shoot. \"Parts, you say. Parts of what?\" She rolled her whole gulliver, like how a seeing person would roll their glazzies. \"Voice parts, of course. Like soprano or alto or tenor. Weren't you listening?\" \"Listening. Hmm.\" Being quiet, I could slooshy, past all the chatter, some piano notes and a malchick singing them back. Sonya listened too. \"About a quarter-tone flat.\" And she turned her back to me. ... Then I tried an experiment: I closed my glazzies to slooshy the voices around me. Oh, did you make it to Greece this summer? An upper-class female goloss. No, we just did the Riviera tour. And Naples. We did Naples. And I did your mum , said another veck, not as dignified. I doubt that , said the second one, and again: I spent like eight hundred euros. Bloody exchange rate. From a different direction: When's this over? Big Band's next and I hear we're doing Duke Ellington . So, not Naples or some veck's em. But who the hell was the Duke of Ellington? A devotchka's voice: Oh, I like the record with 'I Can't Give You Anything But Love.' Too bad I have Advanced Acoustics. Advanced acoustics? Was that a disease? Then, next to me, I heard a clear high voloss warbling Bach, \" Bist du bel mir ...\" I opened my glazzies. Sonya was singing to the cheena at the piano, a plump pink-cheeked lady. \"Beautiful. Soprano One.\" The professor lady marked some veshch on a sheet. \"Farthest on your left, dear.\" I was next. ... Brothers, I hadn't known I was supposed to sing a song. My rookers felt very shaky, and my rassoodock blank. This professor lady smiled at me and said in like a Welsh accent: \"Go ahead, luv, any song you know.\" And, believe it or kiss my sharries, I opened my rot and started to sing \"Wives and Lovers\" by this veck Burtie Bacharach, it being an oldie warble my Em liked: \"Hey, little girl, comb your hair, fix your makeup, soon he will o-o-pen the door...\" She started to smeck. I stopped. \"Why, what's the matter?\" \"Nothing, dearie, you're quite the charmer,\" she said, laughing. \"But if you want your wife to get dolled up for you, you'd best be prepared to dress up too.\" \"Well, well, I am not actually married.\" She giggled again—\"Only teasing, dearie\"—then played higher notes and lower notes. I could sing most of the lower ones. \"Very good, dear. Bass One. To your right.\" ... I moved through the crowd of young vecks and cheenas still waiting in line. I viddied the middle-right seats filling up with malchicks, but these were all Tenor Ones; then Tenor Twos; then—\"Oh, hello,\" said a familiar spectacled litso. \"Harmony Singh!\" I said in relief. A malchick next to him, Chinese in appearance, raised his glazz-brows. \"How'd you know we called him Harmony? We've been calling him that since first grade, because of his sister Melody and all.\" Harmeet's litso was red. \"Bobby, QUIET. But welcome to Bass One, Alex... Ahem. Base One,\" he said, as if talking in a headpiece. \"Command centre of the imperial fleet.\" \"You are a nerd,\" said another veck coming up behind me. He looked a bit like Harmeet but taller, with a bolshy double bass case strapped to his back like a turtle shell. \"Jatin Parminder!\" said Harmeet Singh. \"Join the club.\" Jatin laughed and set the instrument down. \"I heard Mrs. Jones call this one a charmer.\" He elbowed me. \"A real ladykiller, it seems. He was just chatting up Sonietta Keyes. You know, the smartest girl in first year.\" Chatting up, indeed. Why do some malchicks speak such odd slovos? Harmeet frowned, then tried to smile. \"You think she's smarter than my sister?\" \"Melody is smart,\" said Jatin carefully. \"And, well, I'm sure I don't know why Vijay left her.\" \"Money,\" said Harmeet bluntly. \"He got a better job offer in Austria.\" The other malchick, Bobby, held out his rooker to me. \"I'm Bobby Lee Chang. Guitar, trumpet, French horn.\" I shook it. \"Alex De Large. I, er, I compose. And warble a bit. I mean sing.\" \"Yes?\" Harmeet, startled, turned around. \"Sing. S-I-N-G,\" like sniffed Bobby. \"And speaking of which, I see our scores coming round.\" \"Oh oh oh,\" went Jatin. \"Did I win?\" Bobby tried to look down on Jatin, which he couldn't, brothers, because Jatin was taller. All of a sudden Harmeet dumped a pile of papers in my rookers, and I viddied \"Hallelujah Chorus\" by G. F. Handel. \"Hurry up, pass the rest on,\" went Jatin, so I did. I made sure I sobiratted all the music before smotting at it. I viddied Francis Poulenc's Gloria , an arrangement of \"White Christmas\" and \"Jingle Bells\" (and it still only September), a very strange piece called \"Epitaph for Moonlight\" by R. Murray Schafer, and an even stranger rock-and-roll veshch with a classical title. Bobby Lee Chang like jumped at this last one. \"Bohemian Rhapsody! Yes!\" \"Oh oh oh,\" went Jatin again. \"Were's four of us right here. We could be like Queen.\" Poor Harmony was still razdraz, though I didn't know why. \"I hardly know them.\" \"I'm Freddie Mercury!\" Bobby fluffed up his hair and posed dramatically. \"Sure, be the dead guy,\" grumbled Harm, which like startled me. Because I'd just been comparing the three to my old droogs—Harm to Pete, Jatin to Dim, and Bobby to Georgie. Poor dead Georgie. Still, it was his fault he was a traitor. Dim's fault too. If I ever found Dim again, by Bog... Bobby raised his rookers like he was playing piano. \"Mama, just killed a man...\" he sang. Jatin held up his own right rooker, his glazzies on the score. \"Wait wait, they don't have that verse. They have everything else, just not that part.\" \"Really? Why?\" Harmeet asked. So he did know the song after all. I was the only like ignorant malchick. Bobby snorted. \"Guess someone thought it encouraged violence. As if you'd listen to a song and go out and shoot someone.\" I thought on that a minoota. \"Right right. Or as if slooshying Beethoven would make you want to knife a veck.\" But he smecked haw haw haw. \"Beethoven? As if!\" ... President-of-this-Institution Ravel had left the room when Geoffrey Plautus stood up and waved his arms for silence. \"All right, folks!\" his American goloss boomed. \"We've just a few minutes left for practice.\" This razz, practice only meant warm-up exercises, not singing the lovely Poulenc or Handel or even that merzky rock song. And as I was leaving I caught Dave Purcell's proud glazzy. Dave was the young veck I rabbited with in the National Gramodisc Archive and my classmate in Composition—as you know, brothers. This time he just smotted at me with this joking but superior look, saying, \"Bass One? Bass Two is for the real men.\" Harmeet was at him real skorry, skazatting this: \"But we sing mostly the same parts.\" Harmless Harmony had reason. Only when the bass part split would Bass Two sing lower. Dave Purcell nodded, as if agreeing, and then smiled at me like innocent. \"Just remember, Alex, I do know who you are.\"[Chapter 9] A/N: Finally, the next installment—I'm sorry for the long wait. I was editing the rough draft of this chapter a few days ago when I got the idea to start another story based on it (\"The Miracle of the Snowflake,\" if you want to check it out). But I'll be continuing this as well, though I don't know if it will go to 21 chapters the way \"A Clockwork Zhena\" will (Great story by Dan Sickles! Check it out too!) Warnings: a) disturbing subject, b) our narrator not being sympathetic, to put it lightly, and c) this mostly follows the book continuity, not the movie continuity, or else things wouldn't make as much sense. 9. The Ninth I stared at Dave, my rot wide open. \"What do you mean, you know who I am?\" But as I viddied his nasty smirking grin, I knew. Like those malchicks in Jaydeep's malenky shaika, he knew that Alex Burgess (the teenage criminal the gazettas wrote of) and Alex DeLarge (now the reformed college-going malchick) were the exact same lewdie. Me. Dave just made a snorty shoom and goolied off down the hallway. Cowardly bratchny. When Harmeet tapped me on the pletcho, I jumped. I was still standing outside the door of the choir classroom. \"Well?\" Harmless Harmeet like demanded. \"What was that all about?\" Cool as a cucumber and all that cal, I replied, \"The veck knows who I am. Thou heardest him say so.\" Harmless Harm raised a glaz-brow. \"Dave? Of course he does. We all work at the same place, remember?\" \"Right right right,\" I said as we parted ways. \"Au revoir and see you later.\" ... The veck knows who I am. Who I am. The slovos pounded in my head that nochy as I tried to sleep. Dobby Harmony did not snore, or if he did I couldn't slooshy him from the other room, but the roar of the autos outside kept me tossing and turning as I like slooshied their motors grumbling Who I am, who I am . It was nearly an hour before I got any spatchka. Wednesday morning, Harmeet and I took the bus together to skolliwoll. I was far too busy for govoreeting, though. Like a goodiwood malchick, I was writing a list of my classes in like alphabetical order: Cwoir: Tuesday, 9 – 11:30 Compozition: Monday Wensday Friday, 10 – 11:30 Ear Traning 1: Monday Wensday, 3:30 – 5 Harmony 1: Tuesday Thursday, 2:30 – 4 Melody and Cownterpoint: Monday Wensday, 1 – 2:30 Music History 1: Tuesday Thursday, 1 – 2:30 Thank Bog I didn't have that much skolliwoll on Friday. Friday! Friday would be Scrabble night with Pete, Georgina, Pete's friend Greg... and Melody, who I like invited all on my oddy knocky. But wait: that would be five of us. Melody would have to be on my team. I wanted her on my team, not on anybody else's team. If I had to, I'd pretend I was illiterate or some veshch... I was frowning over this like dilemma when Harm made me jump by breathing on my nagoy neck. He pointed to my schedule. \"It's W-E-D-N-E-S-D-A-Y.\" \"Yes. Yes, it is.\" Dim kind of veck, wasn't he? ... Composition teacher Geoffrey Plautus did not have us start composing today, oh no. We were still listening to samples of other like Great Composers. Today he started with the old oldies, like this very starry medieval chant by the English nun Hildegard of Bingen. Her eemya was as new to me as it was to Melody; I saw Mel poke poor blind Sonya next to her and whisper, \"See? There were girl composers back then.\" And snotty Sonya said, \"You can't call her a girl now. She's like a thousand years old.\" All that class, we like fast-forwarded in time with the music – one minoota we were in the Middle Ages, then in the Renaissance, then the old Baroque era, then the Early Classical, and finally Plautus smiled and govoreeted, \"Now I'm sure you've all heard this before,\" before pressing the on button for the fifth or sixth time. When I slooshied the strong low notes booming out of the speaker, I ponied right away it was the last movement of the Ninth of Ludwig Van. I smiled a horrorshow little in-grin at all the lewdies who wouldn't recognize it until the \"Ode to Joy\" tune started up, the tune they'd learned to play in primary school on their gloopy plastic recorders or some such cal. But then I slooshied and viddied something else. With a groaning shoom, Sonya Keyes pushed her chair away and with quick nogas rushed to the door. Not viddying where she was going, of course, she knocked her poor gulliver on the door-post and fell down. Old Plautus turned around, saying, \"Are you all right?\" while Melody rushed forward to help her up. Melody looked very pretty when she was being helpful, with her voloss falling over her face, and I remembered the dream I'd had that first day, with poor poor me injured and dying on the auto-road and a beautiful black-haired devotchka holding me in her rookers and singing a Puccini aria. Or was it Handel? Or was nobody like singing at all? Never you mind, brothers, because the next thing that vareeted put it right out of my mozg. Young Sonya, instead of platching about her sore gulliver, threw her hands over her ears and creeched, \"Please, turn it off. I don't feel well. Please.\" She was trembling like in terror. Plautus dealt his machine the off, and Beethoven's glorious Ninth no longer blasted through the speakers. Sonya leaned against the wall, trembling like a malenky leaf, while Melody put a rooker on her shoulder. Brothers, I could not pony it. Mel's little droogie was afraid of the Ninth for a reason, and what other reason could there be than the Ludovico Technique? What I could not guess, brothers, was the reason she'd gone to prison. Having your eyesight snuffed out was not like a crime. \"How's your head? Do you need to see the nurse?\" Plautus was asking. The ptitsa squeaked out No, and Melody added, helping her back to her chair, \"She's just panicked. Sometimes she gets panic attacks.\" Panic attack my sharries. I caught Mel's glazzies, wanting to know the real veshch that was vareeting, but she just shook her head. Old Geoffrey continued with the music, but I couldn't really slooshy even lovely Beethoven. My mind was too full of questions, especially viddying Sonya at the desk front of me, her hands clamped over her ookos, and Melody not saying a slovo to me. ... Sonya's head snapped up and she gripped the table with both rookers. \"Who's there?\" \"It's just me, Alex,\" I said, sitting down across from her at the back table of the cafeteria. One end of the bench was broken, but that was fine and dobby since it meant we had the table all to ourselves. The other tables were so full of lewdies that you couldn't hear your own goloss above their noise. I'd been searching for Melody, but when I'd viddied little Sonya goolying slowly through the crowd with her walk-stick and tray full of pishcha. I hadn't gotten any pishcha myself yet, brothers, but there were more important veshches to do. \"Isn't it unusual,\" I govoreeted carefully, \"that you had a like, what do you call it, panic attack while listening to Beethoven's Ninth?\" Her rookers started trembling, but she clasped them together. \"Unusual, but not unjustified,\" she said in her snobby goloss. \"I don't quite pony that,\" I said, reaching carefully into her tray and crasting half an eggiwegg sandwich. She'd slooshy me chewing, but she couldn't viddy me taking her food. \"It doesn't matter,\" she said like bitterly, lowering her head to her hands. \"If you're just going to bother me, you can go away.\" I crasted a rookerful of her baby carrots, munching on them and messeling about what to say. I decided to be like direct. \"I know what happened to you because the same thing happened to me.\" She lifted her gulliver. \"Really?\" For one minoota she looked almost sorry for Your Humble Narrator. But then she frowned, \"No. You're lying. You're just trying to make fun of me.\" I was very shocked, brothers. \"Why dost thou suspect me of that?\" I asked between bites. \"I can hear it in your voice, and... Would you stop eating my food!\" she yelled. Slooshying she was too loud, she said in a soft voice, cold as ice, \"I suppose Mel or Harm told you about it, and you think it's funny. Just like this,\" she gestured at her glazzies, \"was so so funny.\" \"Oh no no no,\" I skazatted. I didn't think the Ludovico Technique was funny at all. It'd made me want to snuff myself. And then I had a thought. \"But if you're still like affected by what happened, shouldn't all classical music make you feel sick, not just the Ninth?\" She wrinkled her litso in a frown. \"Why?\" I finished the carrots. Why, indeed? \"Right right. I guess it's different for everyone.\" \"Of course,\" she like sighed. \"And me, I was only twelve years old.\" \"Twelve?\" I couldn't help smecking a little. \"What could a malenky twelve-year-old ptitsa do that was so baddiwad?\" \"What did I do that was so bad?\" she repeated, her goloss low and miserable. \"I don't know! But it wasn't my fault, you'd be crazy to think that. He's the criminal—a murderer too, you know. Or maybe you don't.\" She looked at the floor. \"I knew I shouldn't have skipped school... or gone to his apartment... but I thought I'd be safe with my friend Marty there too.\" Her voice lowered to a whisper. \"He gave us some drinks—I'd never tasted alcohol before so I didn't know what it was—and he played our little pop discs... Yes,\" she looked up with a weary smile, \"I used to like Goggly Gogol, Walky Talky and the Trotskys, all that pop crap... And when we were drunk he raped us both.\" She stopped abruptly, putting her head in her rookers again. I was quite disappointed, brothers. I'd thought another lewdie besides myself had gone through the Ludovico Technique, but no, I was all on my oddy knocky. Of course it was baddiwad that some veck had given her the old in-out without her wanting to, but it wasn't a very new or interesting veshch to hear about. I was the only veck in the wide wide world who'd suffered from that monstrous Technique, O brothers. I felt like platching, but that's what Sonya was doing. Quietly, though, not in a loud boo-hooing way. She took off her dark otchkies and rubbed her eyes. \"And the reason I can't stand that particular piece, the last part of Beethoven's Ninth, is because he put that music on before he... he... hurt me.\" When she took her hands off her glazzies so I could viddy them, I let out like a gasp. It wasn't that her eyes were so horrible to viddy—just clouded over like it was cataracts, with the skin rough and reddish around them—but when I saw her whole litso something clicked in my gulliver. So that's who she was: Sonietta, of Marty and Sonietta, one of the Melodia-record-store ptitsas I'd fillied with hours before my filthy droogs betrayed me. At that raz I'd guessed they were both ten, not twelve, but since I'd taken them to lunch and all before giving them the old in-out, it wasn't very fair to throw the slovo rape around, which wasn't a very nice slovo, brothers. But if Melody ever found out... Melody... For a second I thought my tick-tocker had stopped, but then I felt it thumping like 180 to the minute. \"Oh Bog,\" I breathed. \"That's horrible.\" \"Yes,\" said Sonietta— that Sonietta!—drying her eyes. \"Rather.\" \"What awful malchick would do such a veshch?\" I asked, just to make sure it was really me and not some other veck. Bad things had a habit of happening to her, after all. \"I recognized his picture in the papers. It was the same boy that went to jail for murder, then got out after two years just because of that Ludovico thing.\" Her voice was like disgusted. \"Tried to off himself afterwards, but what do I care?\" \"Does he have a name?\" I asked, like I was dim, but I had to know. \"Alex, like you... Alex Burgess... Aaaah!\" The ptitsa jumped up. \"My God ! Don't sneak up on me like that!\" Dave Purcell stood behind us, a smirk on his litso. \"I was just looking for Alex Burgess myself.\" \"What?!\" Sonietta stayed standing. \"Don't you know,\" said Dave, taking her cane from her and tapping me with it, \"that Alex Burgess and Alex DeLarge here are the exact same person?\" ","Summary":" Author's Note: I do NOT own anything of the original story or characters, and any characters I've i"},{"Movie":"A Clockwork Orange","Title":"Lost in Burgess","Author":"Plainsong30","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9608034","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hi hi hi there! Thanks for giving this story a shot! Alex DeLarge definitely makes an appearance in this chapter, so just stay on your toes! - Plainsong30 I've been lying with my face buried in my pillow for nearly the past six hours, trying to sleep, willing myself to sleep, wanting to sleep, but just never quite making it. There's a thunderstorm brewing outside, real loud with bright lightning that lights up the room for a split second every once and a while. I'm listening to it and how the rain kind of hits the windows when my phone starts vibrating on my nightstand, and though I'm not sleeping, I almost don't want to answer. I sit up and glance over at it anyways, only to see that the picture of my close friend, Mick, lights up the screen. I check the time before I answer – 4:22am. \"Howdy stranger,\" I greet, wondering if I'm angry or actually glad that he's called. Something to help distract me from trying to sleep, maybe. \"Hey… uh… Sofia? Sorry, did I wake you?\" \"Nah, kid. I can't sleep.\" \"Ah, bummer… you wanna come, like… pick me up? Maybe? Please?\" he says. His voice has got this distinct tone to it, and I can tell right away that he's been out and about in the night, partying like the little devil he is. \"Magic word first, pretty boy,\" I say, even though I'm already crawling out of bed, holding my phone to my shoulder as I slip a pair of jeans on and my favorite, oversized college sweatshirt. \"Pretty please?\" he slurs into the phone, sounding like he's about ready to fall asleep. \"Where are you?\" \"It's that lake house we drove past that one time… with the lion statues,\" he tells me. I can't help but roll my eyes. \"All right, kid, I'll be there in ten. Stay awake, okie dokie?\" \"You bet your sweet ass.\" The phone clicks as he hangs up, and I yank on my Chucks and tie my hair into a knot on my head before grabbing the keys. On my way out of my room, a huge clap of thunder goes off, and I jump suddenly, causing my hip to ram into my dresser, and I can't help but yelp out loud as all the perfumes and jewelry sitting atop it rattles. At the same time, one of the books laying on top falls off, too. Rubbing my raw hip, I bend down to pick up the book, seeing it's my frayed copy of Anthony Burgess's A Clockwork Orange . A brilliant, shocking piece of work, one of my favorites actually, and I can't help but picture that piercing gaze of Alex DeLarge as he was in the film. It's when I'm staring at the cover that the lights suddenly flash and go out from the last crack of thunder. \"Shit!\" I'm just a tad bit spooked, because I've never been a fan of the dark. I kick open the front door, forgetting how it's pouring rain outside. I yank the hood of my sweatshirt up and dash for my 2003 Chevrolet Tracker. It takes a few punches to finally get it started – starting it up has always been a pain in the ass ever since I can remember – and turn the headlights on, trying to remember where the hell that one lake house with the lion statues is exactly. So I call Mick back on the phone, and he slurs a bit more and burps a bit more, and finally gives me some actual directions as to what street it's on, because I honestly cannot remember a house with lion statues, for God's sake. I finally find the place, and there Mick is sitting on the curb looking very drunk indeed. He's in his DC shoes and skinny jeans and a Guns 'n Roses t-shirt, the hood of his sweatshirt up and his black hair growing just a little passed his ears. He greets me by waving with a bottle of UV in his hand, his long-board in the other. He's soaked to the bone, and I'm more or less concerned when he gets into the car, shivering like crazy. \"Christ, kid, what's the matter with you? Why didn't you just wait inside like a normal person?\" I ask, pulling away from the curb and taking us home. \"Party was over. Everybody got kicked out,\" he says, groping for his seatbelt and sliding it on ever so slowly. \"Sofia, guess what. Guess who was at the party.\" \"I don't know. Jack Nicholson?\" \"No. No, Lorraine was there,\" he says. I almost want to smack him upside the head for saying that. \"Lorraine? What? No. You told me you weren't going to speak to Lorraine ever again.\" \"What? Nah, man. When did I say that?\" \"Uh… when you found out she was sleeping with another guy behind your back, I'm pretty sure,\" is all I can say. \"What? Nah…\" \"Yeah.\" \"Not ah.\" I'm rolling my eyes, my head leaning on one hand while the other grips the steering wheel. The rain is coming down very hard at this point, practically causing wave like blurs across the windshield. \"Kid, you gotta pull yourself together, you gotta get over that skank. It's bad news, man. I would say to stay away.\" \"No, it's not bad news!\" he says, leaning his face into his hands. \"She's gorgeous.\" \"Yeah, and she's a skank-whore.\" \"Nooo…\" \"Come on, Mick.\" I'm looking over at him, pitying him all the while, wondering if his drinking binges are really out of the desire for a good time like he says, or maybe if he does it just to get out of the unhappy moods I know he can be in sometimes. \"I just wanna go home,\" he whispers. I'm still staring at him, feeling so bad that it almost kills me, and that's when I look back towards the road, only to suddenly see the street lights flicker and go completely out. I'm left to a darkened road, my headlights only leading the way, the rain coming down like crazy. So all I think is maybe it's just another power outage. But then the oddest thing happens – my headlights flash all of a sudden, and then they go out completely, too. The only light comes from the dashboard, and I kind of freak out for a second as I plow into complete darkness. Then suddenly the headlights flash back on, and a white figure is standing there in the middle of the street, a mere ten feet in front of me, their arms spread out, as if asking for me to crash into them. That's when things start to go a little bit crazy. With one arm I reach out and kind of grab Mick by his arm and nearly squeeze it to death. My other hand is gripping the steering wheel so tight that I think I may have lost circulation, and my foot slams into the brake so hard that the two of us nearly plow our brains right through the dashboard. \"Oh… my God ! Sofia, what in the hell are you doing ?!\" Mick is wailing, clutching his forehead, about ready to start bawling his eyes out it seems. \"Oh shit… whoa… oh my God! Do you see that stupid-ass standing out there in the middle of the street?!\" I squeal, pointing in front of us. The windshield wipers are having a helluva time wiping the water away, and every time the glass clears for a half-second, I start to get this funny feeling in my stomach as the figure begins to become very familiar to me. A guy, maybe in his teens, in a white dress shirt, trousers, suspenders, a – oh, God – codpiece, and what looks to be black combat boots. And there's a very familiar looking bowler hat atop his head, and he's holding what looks to be a long, black cane which he drapes over his shoulders and leans his hands on. And he's standing there, staring, this deadly look in his eyes that I've seen before so many times… but the thing is, it's usually at home on the TV. Maybe this is just a dream, a bizarre hybrid dream from my insomnia suffering brain. \"You shitting me?\" I say out loud. \"You talking to me?\" Mick asks. \"Of course I am! You dumb, drunk shit! Who else would I be talking to?!\" \"Easy, easy. Good God.\" \"You know that guy?\" I ask. Mick looks up, squints his eyes, which are already pretty squinty as it is - suggesting some of the other things he'd been up to earlier - and just smiles all pretty like. \"It's Alex DeLarge!\" he kind of guffaws. My throat tightens just a bit when he says that. \"C'mon, quit joking. You're drunk. And stoned. He's a friend of yours, right?\" I ask. During our little bicker, the rain magically begins to lighten, the windshield becomes quite a bit clearer, and the figure in all white is slowly pacing towards the Tracker, spinning his cane about as he does it, coming round to my side of the car. My heart is pounding like crazy in my ribcage and my hands are shaking. I'm dreaming, I'm dreaming, I gotta be dreaming. \"Dude, he looks just like him,\" Mick comments. \"Honestly, he looks just like him, doesn't he?\" This guy is coming closer and closer to my side of the car, and I believe I'm about ready to have a heart attack when he's outside the window, knocking on the glass. \"Mick! Mick!\" is all I can say, grabbing for him and shaking him to death. \"Oh shit, oh God, the guy's by my window! He's knocking on the glass! What do I do? I'm gonna drive away.\" \"No, don't! It's Alex DeLarge!\" I stare at Mick and give him the You're-Insane look. \"Even if it was really him – which it isn't – it would not make the situation any better!\" I holler. \"Crack the window.\" \"What?\" \"Just do it. See what he wants.\" Heart racing and about ready to pee my pants, for some reason or other, I obey the drunk and high Mick - who obviously is not in the best place to be making the decisions around here - and crack the window. I clear my throat and croak out a nice soft \"Hello.\" \"Hi hi hi there, my little sister,\" this voice says. My tongue goes slack in my mouth as I freeze where I sit, realizing that I'm staring into a pair of piercing blue eyes. I know that voice. And those eyes… and that's when I see it, right on his right eye: a distinct, false eyelash. There's no way… absolutely no way in hell… \"Are… are you…\" is all I can say. \"Emmya thou asks of, my lovely?\" he says, a charming smile on his face. He removes his bowler hat and bows for me, very gentleman like. \"Alex DeLarge, at your service.\" And that's when I sort of scream at the top of my lungs and step on the accelerator. Sooo... how was that?! I definitely think this story will be a comedy, obviously there will be some serious points to it as well, but I think I may stay on the funny side. Not quite sure about romance, considering how complicated of a character Alex DeLarge would be for that type of thing, but maybe I'll find a way. Let me know if I should continue or if you have any suggestions! Thanks! - Plainsong30[Chapter 2] \"I fucking knew it!\" Mick pipes as I'm cruising down the street. My eyes are dead-set on my rearview mirror, watching as that Alex DeLarge imposter creep, or whatever, gets smaller and smaller in the mirror. \"Shit, it was him!\" Mick's just about having some kind of epiphany, turning in his seat and peering back at that figure in white. \"Why'd you leave? Why'd you leave him behind?!\" \"The guy is crazy!\" I say. \"It… it wasn't Alex DeLarge. He's not real!\" \"But… did you not see him?\" Mick asks me. \"It was really-\" That's when another scream sort of bursts out of my mouth as three more figures in white appear in the road, my foot ramming into the brake once again. Only this time I kind of lose control of the car, and instead of coming to a nice clean stop, I start hydroplaning instead. And oh, God, after that mini heart attack from earlier, I just about had a real one then and there, the car going all haywire on me and doing a one-eighty. Once we finally stop moving, I realize I have one hand on Mick's arm again, squeezing him like crazy, my other hand on the steering wheel. I can make out the whiteness of my knuckles in the dark. \"Jesus… whoooooa!\" is all Mick can say, his voice very smooth and flowy. \"That was cray-cray, Sofia.\" I peer into the rearview mirror again and see those other three figures in white - who are now behind us after my bit of hydroplaning - approaching ever so slowly, but in a very determined way. I turn around to get a better look at them. One of them is quite large and beefy looking, the other two about average size, and the first thing that pops into my head are Alex's three \"droogs\", as he likes to call them. Or, as he likes to call them in the film , and in the book . Which are fictional . \"Check it. It's Dim, Georgie, and Pete,\" says Mick, following my gaze. All I can do is turn towards him and glare. \"You're not helping!\" I belt out. That's when a loud whistle cuts through the air, and our heads both snap towards the front of the car. \"Alex\" is in front of us again, pacing towards us once more. I can see his breath floating in the air in a wave of fog, a little smirk on his face as he comes closer, his cane draped over his shoulders again. \"Who knows, maybe they're nice,\" says Mick. \"Nice?!\" I squeak. \"Kid, you act like you've never seen 'A Clockwork Orange' before.\" \"I have,\" he says. \"And I've read the book, too.\" \"Yes… and if you may recall, Alex and his three droogs are most definitely not the friendliest or droogiest – or whatever you call it – people on the planet. Okay?\" \"Kid, they aren't real, it's not really them,\" Mick explains to me. He's still totally out of it. He's sobered up a little bit from the booze – I think the hydroplaning helped with that. But he still looked stoned out of his mind. \"Oh shit,\" is all I can whisper to myself. That's when I see from my side view mirror one of the other three guys in white leaning against the side of my car, a second one on the other side, and then the third one, the big one who is supposedly Dim, if I have to give them names, is actually climbing onto the back bender, causing the car to heave slightly. I'm watching \"Alex\" come closer towards the car, this time approaching the passenger's side. \"Watch and learn, baby,\" says Mick, a sudden confidence boost erupting from him. I'm frozen in my seat, my eyes bugging out of my head as Mick rolls his window down all the way, \"Alex\" approaching all calm and collected. And when I see him for the second time, there's no doubt about it. It's Alex DeLarge, exactly as he was in the film. Smile, false eyelash, piercing blue eyes… everything. \"Our lovely introductory from earlier was not, shall we say, satisfactory, yes?\" Alex says. I just about faint at his words, which are very similar to lines from the film and book. I've got a hand on my heart as I stare at him in pain, only because I love and fear him all at the same time. \"Nah, man,\" says Mick, very calm and stoned like. \"Sorry, you just kind of scared my friend is all. But she's all right.\" Mick turns to me. \"Right?\" I just kind of nod and swallow, telling myself to trust Mick. He's my best friend. \"Right.\" Alex smiles this grand, cheeky smile. \"Right right right!\" he says. \"How art thou dva lewdies? Thou must be off somewhere important, to be escorted in thy lovely, grand automobile, as it were?\" I can't help but let out a hoot. \"You like my car?\" is all I can say, feeling my lips twitch into the biggest of smiles. \"Oh, thy dearest, like? Like is not a slovo which thou can describe for an engine such as this. Doest thou rasoodock, if I were to ask thou brand and make?\" Just hearing his voice and the way he talked in his Nadsat slang drove me crazy with excitement. \"It's a 2003 Chevrolet Tracker,\" I say, almost Valley-girl like as a result from his utmost flattery, not quite sure how to take this bizarre, unbelievable turn of events. \"Not too, uh… fancy or anything, but, it's a car.\" \"2003!\" Alex pipes, this look of disbelief on his face. \"A malenky bit too much of the ole moloko plus, love? Come, come… 2003?\" \"Uh…\" is all I can say. That's when I hear all this laughter from outside of the car, and it's coming from the other three guys with Alex. Or Dim, Georgie, and Pete I assume. It hit me for maybe a split second to think that the four droogs from A Clockwork Orange were standing outside my car, impressed with my car, and right there in front of me in flesh and blood… a dream. I have to be dreaming. This is a result of insomnia. I've gone completely crazy. \"Moloko plus? Oh yeah, that's that milk with like crack added to it, right?\" Mick asks. \"Damn, you guys drink that every night?\" \"That's right, brother,\" Alex says, a friendly smile on his face as he glances back towards Mick. \"Thou has never had a pleet down at the old Korova?\" \"The Korova Milkbar?\" Mick says. \" The Korova Milkbar?\" I cannot tell if Mick is actually falling for all this, or if he's an incredible actor. \"Is there any other?\" comes a voice from around the car. Alex looks over and exchanges a laugh with whomever it is that has spoken. \"Don't mind thy droogies. That is Pete, Georgie, and Dim,\" he introduces. I nearly jump out of my seat when I see Georgie beside my window. Dim still hangs on the back of the car, causing it to rock back and forth. Pete has joined Alex's side at Mick's window. \"I'm Mick,\" Mick introduces, \"and this is my bed bud, Sofia.\" \"Droogies, eh?\" Mick just nods. \"That's right.\" \"And Sofia has neither been to the lovely Korova?\" Alex asks, glancing over at me. Milk with drugs added to it? \"Nope, can't say that I have,\" I answer. \"Welly welly welly well!\" Alex bursts. \"Doest thou know what this means?\" \"Party at the milkbar, baby!\" Mick hoots. That's when I kind of want to grab Mick and shake him a bit and ask him if we've both gone crazy or something, because it is quite obvious that going to the Korova Milkbar with Alex DeLarge and his droogs is simply impossible, and in fact quite crazy. \"Would thou be kind enough to offer a ride for thy droogs and I?\" Alex asks. I stare at Alex then, only three words floating through my brain. OhmyGod. OhmyGod. OhmyGod. \"You trying to tell me there's a Korova Milkbar around here?\" is all I can say, very sarcastically. Because there isn't. In fact, I believe the only one that exists is the one that's in the film and book. Which. Are. Not. Real. \"Why of course, my little sister,\" says Alex. \"Shall we be off then?\" \"You bet your sweet ass!\" Mick just hoots. That's when Mick climbs out of the Tracker and pulls the front seat forward so that Alex, Georgie, Dim, and Pete can all attempt to squeeze into the back of my cracker-box, two-door car. All the while I sit there in the driver's seat, fearing for my sanity, my life, and my car. First I ask myself whether I've gone crazy, then if I'll be safe with psychotic Alex DeLarge and his droogs in my backseat, and if my car will in fact hold six people when it can only hold four. But for some reason, my arms seem to have become robotic, obedient objects, because I have the car in drive, and we are off. Only the road is nothing like it was before – the lake house with the lion statues from before is gone. We are not in a familiar part of town. In fact, I don't recognize anything around us. We are in a village area or something. It's as if… when the lightning flashed and the lights went out, we – poof! – ended up here. With Alex DeLarge. \"Windows dooown, windows doooooown!\" Mick belts, leaning over me and pressing all the automatic buttons to roll the windows down. And then he's messing with the radio, trying to find a decent signal, only none of the channels we normally listen to are coming in. For a moment I meet eyes with Alex in my rearview mirror, and the gaze he has upon me is almost hypnotic, if not incredibly discomforting and terrifying. I turn my eyes back to the road ahead, remembering all those graphic and shocking scenes I'd witnessed and read in the film and book. I look back towards the road while Mick begins to randomly roll the radio dial over all the different frequencies. Asignal finally comes in from a channel that doesn't normally give off a signal, and then this song that I've definitely heard before is playing, and all I can do is look over at Mick and exchange a terrified, fascinated, and confused glance with him. I want to marry a lighthouse keeper And keep him company I want to marry a lighthouse keeper And live by the side of the sea! We are all singing, everybody in that car. I have my hand out the window, pumping my fist. I'm feeling a bizarre wash of disbelief, yet I want to enjoy everything around me anyways, no matter how strange the events of the night are turning. And what a chorus we were, singing in tune like some vocal group. I'm stepping hard on that accelerator, my speed increasing faster and faster. I glance away from the speedometer for only a moment, and when I look back, I'm nearing eighty miles-per-hour, the wind practically engulfing the inside of the car. Mick is hooting and I'm hollering, and the four droogies in the back are yelling out words I can't understand, and then, the worst thing ever occurs. Blue and red flashing lights appear in my rearview mirror. My heart kind of drops into the pit of my stomach as I turn around and try to make out the lights behind all the heads in the backseat. \"Shit!\" is all I can say. I reach for the stereo and turn the music down. \"Shit shit shit!\" \"The poe-poe,\" is all Mick can say, sinking into his seat and hiding his face into his hands. It was during all the singing and excitement that I lost track of my speed. And I'm nowhere near a freeway or anything like that, so to be going eighty down a residential street, in a place that I don't recognize, is deep-shit indeed. I start to slow down and eventually pull over to the side of the road. Deep-shit. Not only do I have a kid who is as high as a kite in the passenger seat, but four other kids squished in the back of a seat that can only hold two (there's no middle seat belt). I almost want to cry, wondering if this is a dream. This has to be a dream. Maybe if I try to will myself to wake up my insomnia suffering brain… \"I'm going to jail…\" I say in defeat. I watch in my rearview mirror as the four droogies continue to laugh and guffaw. \"Man, oh man.\" \"Don't fret, my lovely,\" says Alex. \"Nothing thou lovely droogie Alex cannot handle.\" I look over at Mick in a questioning way and turn back towards Alex, only to see him pull at his cane and reveal a gleaming, sharp knife. Though two seconds early we'd been howling to the moon and having what seems to have felt like a normal night out, I realize that I've forgotten what kind of place I've ended up in. And when I see Alex clutching that knife, this gleeful look in his eyes that sends shivers down my spine, I grasp that I also forget the kind of psychotic, merciless, ruthless character I will be dealing with. And that's when I become afraid. Thank you so much to those of you who reviewed earlier on! I'm so happy to hear what you thought! Sorry if this chapter was not quite as exciting, but I promise you that it gets better! Hang in there! Let me know what you think so far! - Plainsong30[Chapter 3] \"Dost thou not rasoodock to move thyself, brother, in order to allow thy droogies out?\" It's really hard to translate what Alex is saying sometimes while sitting there, dreading to see a cop come up beside my window. Mick seems to understand perfectly, and I realize what Alex is asking when Mick climbs out of his seat, pulling it forward so that Alex and the rest of the gang can all squeeze out. \"Uh… is that a good idea?\" I ask, seeing a police officer walking towards the car. My question is answered in the worst of ways when I hear the cop go, \"Remain in your car, please!\" Mick gets back in and slams the door shut while the other guys kind of surround the car, their attention focused on the cop. \"Doest thou viddy a problem, brother, sir?\" I hear Alex ask. I turn around in my seat and peek through the back windshield. Through the blue and red flashing lights of the cop car, I can see the silhouette of Alex as he approaches the cop, a fog of steamy breath enveloping around his face. The cop doesn't look too happy about it, pulling out what looks to be one of those thick sticks that I know are used for beating. \"Mick, this is really weird,\" I say to him. Mick's attention is focused on the scene outside. \"Mick, look at me!\" He turns back to me. I'm not sure if he's as scared or as weirded out as I am, but I hope to God that maybe he's got a clear head by this point. My question is answered, unfortunately, when Mick just smiles all happy like at me. \"Do you even have any idea what's going on?\" I ask him. \"Yeah, baby. We're hanging out with Alex, Pete, Georgie, and Dim,\" Mick says to me, all calm and collected and not really affected by what he's just said. \"Yes… and does anything about that statement sound slightly… strange to you?\" I ask. Mick just smiles back at me and shakes his head. \"It's magic, Sofia. I mean, what else is it? We'd have to be seriously crazy in order to see Alex DeLarge standing before us, right?\" \"Yeah, did it ever occur to you that maybe we are crazy?\" \"Well, I mean… it's happening to both of us, right?\" he says to me. He sort of throws the whole situation aside with a shrug of his shoulders. \"Come come come!\" a voice cries. Both of our heads snap to peer through the back windshield to the scene behind us. The lights are still flashing blindingly - an alarming, humiliating spotlight it feels like - and now we can make out all of the droogs' silhouettes, along with that single, outnumbered cop. \"We are innocent, brother, sir. Just a few innocent nadsats having a horrorshow nochy out, as it were. What dost thou have against us?\" \"Not following the speed limit, I'm afraid,\" the officer answers. You can hear a slight edge in his tone. Alex and his friends are definitely making him uneasy. \"I suggest you all get back into the car, before-\" \"A threat, I slooshy?\" I hear Alex answer. I'm starting to get nervous. \"What's a millicent doing on his oddy knocky, trying to threaten a group of young, nadsat malchicks? Very unwise, brother, sir.\" \"Mick…\" I whisper. He doesn't answer me. My eyes are glued to the back of Alex's head. And that's when Alex turns ever so slightly and glances over at Mick and I in the car. For a moment he's frozen like that, as if waiting for our attention or other, and then he turns forward and suddenly lashes out, his cane around his body like a baseball bat as he begins to beat the policeman, first in the shoulder, then in his side, and slowly the policeman collapses towards the ground as the rest of the group all suddenly join in. My heart is about to rip a hole through my chest from beating so fast, and I turn forward, shove the car into drive and take off. The squeal of my tires sort of brings me back to earth as I drive into the dark, the scent of burnt rubber floating through the open windows. I peer into the rearview mirror all the while, watching the beating of the police officer continue, the image getting smaller and smaller as I drive farther and farther away. \"Not good,\" I say. \"Oh, God, so not good. Since when do they beat up cops? I swear that beating up cops was not something they usually did.\" \"Maybe they were trying to make a good first impression,\" says Mick. I look at him only to see him staring at me with this large smile on his face. \"What?\" \"Because you're so dang cute, Sofia,\" he says, reaching over and pinching my cheek. \"They probably thought you were a real cutie, a real cute American girl.\" \"Shut up!\" I say, giggling as I swat his hand away. \"That's a terrible thing to say.\" \"I'm just saying. They don't usually beat up cops, but this time, they wanted to impress, you know?\" slurs Mick. I can feel my cheeks burning a guilty red, and I'm glad that Mick can't see them in the dark. \"Should we have helped? I was so scared… should we have helped that cop? Oh, God.\" \"Too late now.\" \"What's happening? How did we get here? Where are we even?\" \"We're in futuristic Britain,\" says Mick. I look over at him, confused and scared and about ready to go crazy. \"What are you talking about?\" \"Don't you get it, kid?\" he says. \"We're in 'A Clockwork Orange'! We're in it! The film! Or whatever! That alternate dimension!\" I'm biting on my lip as I try to focus on the road. \"Alternate dimension… what?\" \"It makes perfect sense,\" he says. \"We're in the story. We're in the world where Alex and everybody else exist. Does this look familiar to you?\" He's pointing out the window to all the trees and what appear to be dark, open fields in the distance. We seem to be out in the country, one that I did not recognize though. \"It shouldn't,\" says Mick, \"because we're nowhere near home. We're in Britain. The United Kingdom. Fucking Europe! Maybe a few things look familiar, but that's only because you've seen it before in the film, right?\" I think my head might explode. \"How are you not freaking out about this like I am?\" I ask him. \"Isn't this even remotely weird to you? How are you coping so well? This is, like, a fucking nightmare or something!\" \"Nobody has time to freak out,\" Mick slurs. \"Just take it as it is. We're here for some reason or another. Just take it as it is, Sofia.\" \"It just… doesn't make sense!\" \"Since when is stuff suppose to make sense?\" I'm silent as I continue driving, biting my lip and trying to read the street signs that pass by. If Mick is right about what he said, then there isn't really anywhere for us to go. Where were we to go? I grope for my phone in the cup holder and yank it out, dialing the familiar contact called HOME. Only as soon as I hit dial and listen, the signal breaks with one of those annoying: \"We're sorry, the number you dialed cannot be reached. Please check the number and dial again. This is a recording.\" \"Oh, my God ,\" I moan, dialing again and again, then going to the pin-pad myself and dialing my home phone, my brother's number, my parents' numbers, anything, anything… but each time I do, the same recorded voice keeps coming up. \"This is a recording\" and yadda-yadda. \"It's not working!\" \"Because we aren't home, Sofia,\" Mick tells me, yawning. \"It's not gonna work. I tried to tell you.\" \"Why are you so calm about this?\" I ask him. He turns towards me and smiles this unforgettable, lazy like smile. \"You see me, baby? I'm funky fine right now. I don't gotta worry about anything.\" \"You son of a bitch,\" I say under my breath, shaking my head as I remember the weed. I grip the steering wheel, trying to figure out what we need to do, what happens next. \"We need to get to a phone, okay?\" I say. \"Maybe I can… try calling my parents, make one of those international calls or something?\" \"Sofia…\" says Mick. \"It won't work. They… don't exist in this world. Don't you get it?\" \"I gotta try,\" is all I can say. \"Just… let's find a store or something. There's gotta be like a drugstore or something around here with a phone at least.\" Mick doesn't answer me again. I get the feeling that he's a tad bit frustrated, as am I. We seem to be driving back into town after a while. Sterile looking buildings appear, milky white moonlight soon breaking through the clouds after the storm from early clears out. Shops look closed or desolate, or just plain sketchy at that. I can't seem to find anywhere to use a phone until I finally stop at what looks to be an abandoned theater, or perhaps an abandoned casino, from the looks of the posters that lay frayed and torn against the brick foyer – pictures of cards and poker chips, drinks, and young looking people smoking and looking quite glamorous. \"We gotta start somewhere,\" I say to Mick. \"Why here? This looks like the last place you could find a phone,\" he says. \"Well, it doesn't look as sketchy as those other places!\" I say, getting annoyed with his attitude and how he isn't helping at all. \"Besides, there's no one around. It's worth a shot, right?\" I get out of the car without hearing an answer from Mick, and I'm relieved to hear him climb out too as I start towards the building. A few lights appear to be on, but other than that, it's deserted. I round the building to a side door and find it open, pushing its creaking frame and taking a peek inside. I enter a barren hallway and look down either way to darkened corners. A sudden squeal escapes my mouth when a girl, out of nowhere, dives past me and out into the night. \"Shit!\" I cry, being shoved against the wall by her aggressiveness. I was able to see for a half-second that tears stained her face. \"What's wrong with her?\" Mick asks, looking after the girl as she disappears down the street. \"Jesus, how should I know?\" \"Yeah, I don't know, Sofia, maybe we shouldn't-\" \"C'mon, you chicken shit.\" I grab him by the arm and drag him in with me. I take a left down that dark hallway, pulling my cell phone out and using the light to see. There's cobwebs and debris all over. Maybe this isn't the best place to be looking for a working phone. \"Nice idea, Sofia,\" says Mick sarcastically, seeming to read my mind. \"You weren't giving any bright ideas, asshole,\" I snarl, continuing my way down the hall, wanting to prove him wrong by finding a phone. \"I saw lights on earlier. That means there's electricity, so maybe they have a phone cord running through here, too.\" My shoes kick bottles and other broken glass, and the floor kind of slants downwards and makes a turn around a corner. Floorboards creak under me as I see light ahead and walk out onto what seems to be a large, brightly lit stage. I put my phone away, not really needing the light anymore and look up to see beautiful artwork on the ceiling. The place is in ruins it seems – junk lies everywhere and it needs a good cleaning. I start across the stage and kick at more abandoned objects, avoiding mouse droppings and trying to make my way across. A soiled looking mattress lies nearby. I look over to see Mick hop off the stage towards where there should be seating or whatnot, but it's completely empty. A large spotlight focuses warily on me, the rest of the theater being completely dark. While I study some broken backdrops, I suddenly hear coughing and wheezing and look over at Mick, only to see him smoking a joint. \"Are you kidding me?\" I say. \"Really?\" \"What?\" he says. \"You haven't seen me freaking out lately. This stuff is good for you.\" I try to understand what he means, but brush the thought aside and continue on my way. I head backstage to find more junk and props and run my fingers over a cracked wooden chair, and what looks to be one of those freaky looking dolls with the blinking eyes. I break away from the doll when I hear more coughing from around the stage curtain. \"Mick, goddamnit, will you stop?\" I say. I approach the curtain and wheel around it. \"It's not help-\" \"Evening, little sister.\" I freeze where I stand when I nearly knock heads with a familiar, nasty looking figure. He's got disheveled locks of dark hair and what looks to be a police hat on his head, fastened with goggles. His leer reveals rotten teeth, and there's a scent on him that positively reeks. As I take in his features, my heart drops to my stomach as I realize it's Billyboy. \"Thou cannot govoreet? Something wrong with ole yahzick?\" he says. He's stepping closer towards me, and suddenly the gruesome scene from the film when we first meet Billyboy appears in my mind. I recognize the stage as I look over it again, see that soiled mattress, and I realize that the girl who shoved past Mick and I earlier was the girl that should've been here with Billyboy and his gang. Only opening that door must've given her a way out, and now here I was… \"Mick!\" I suddenly cry, stepping away from Billyboy quite quickly. \"MICK!\" \"Who's that?\" Billyboy asks, following me. \"Mickey you skazat? Your little malchick droogie, is he? Why, thou is down thataways, quite comfortable thou is.\" I look towards the direction that Billyboy's finger points and see Mick, held down by two brutal looking thugs. One of them grabs Mick by his hair and yanks his head upward, only to show that he's been gagged and beaten. \"Oh God…\" My throat is swelling up and my heart is beating a mile a minute. I can feel my hands shaking as I continue to back up and ram into what feels like a table behind me, my hands touching all the objects that lay atop it. \"Lovely lovely thou art,\" says Billyboy. He's coming closer, and three more thugs are also approaching from behind him. \"Keep the fuck away from me,\" I snarl, surprised by how vicious I actually sound, when inside I'm so scared, so terrified. \"Naughty naughty slovos you govoreet, my lovely devotchka,\" Billyboy says. My hands are groping for something, anything. That's when I grasp something wooden, heavy, and long. \"Come, come, darling. A little fillying, a little tolchocking is all, eh?\" I grab this wooden stake and swing it around as hard as I can like a baseball bat, hitting Billyboy square in the side of the head. He cries out loud and harsh, and I bolt towards the edge of the stage as fast as I can. But the other three thugs that are up there behind him are too quick for me. They're all grabbing at me, yanking at my limbs and tearing me across the stage. I don't know what else to do besides scream Mick's name some more, feeling so helpless and scared. This has to be a dream. Please let this be a dream. For those of you who've seen the film or read the book (which I'm guessing is probably all of you!), I'll bet you can make an easy assumption as to what happens neeeeext, yes? ;) But I own't spoil anything! Sorry that Alex wasn't in this chappie as much, but he's gonna to be a freakin' super star in the next few chapters I have coming up! I'd love to hear your thoughts so far! Thanks so much to those of you who have already reviewed! I get so happy whenever I see them! - Plainsong30[Chapter 4] I feel someone clobber me right across the face. It feels like my jaw just got pushed towards the back of my throat. They're holding my arms back and I'm dazed from the hit, but they force me to look up, and Billyboy is coming towards me, looking disgruntled as blood flows down the side of his face. I did that… \"Naughty naughty malenky ptitsa thou are, eh?\" he snarls, his spit flying into my face. He grabs me by the chin and forces me to look at him. \"I'll teach thou. Teach thou some real horroshow manners, I will. A nice malenky bit of the ole in-out in-out, we'll start off with, eh?\" I can feel tears rolling down my cheek as I try to understand what is happening, when suddenly a voice rings out in the theater like some angel from heaven. \"Welly welly welly well, if it isn't fat stinking Billygoat Billyboy in poison. You very well filly with what does not belong to thou, thou grahzny bratchny!\" I look over to see four figures in white hidden among the darkness of the theater, slowly stepping forward into the light. \"How art thou, thou globby bottle of cheap stinking chip-oil?\" I suddenly feel the hands that were groping me earlier releasing me as I collapse onto the stage, my jaw aching something terrible. I leap off the stage down towards where the other thugs throw Mick aside. \"Come and get one in the yarbles, if you have any yarbles, you eunuch jelly, thou!\" \"What's this govoreet about what belongs to thou, little Alex?\" Billyboy asks. Then after a short pause, Billyboy spits at the ground, pulls out a switchblade and cries out \"Let's get 'em, boys!\" as he and the rest of his friends charge off the stage towards Alex and his droogs, all this hooting and hollering and glass shattering as I untie the gag around Mick. He's got a gash on his cheekbone that's beginning to swell, and blood from the gash slowly runs down his face. He's almost unconscious, but I heave him to his feet and together we run out the way we came, leaving behind that frenzied fight, hearing chains and beatings echo throughout the theater, a scene that I so well recognize from the film. Once we get out of the theater I open the passenger door of the Tracker and help Mick inside. He hasn't said a single word since we got out of there. Quickly I round the car and get into the driver's side, stick the key in the ignition and start her up. Only it doesn't start. The only problem with my Tracker has finally caught up with me, and right now I hate it so much I just want to kick it till it breaks to pieces. \"No! Nonono!\" is all I can say helplessly, throwing my head against the steering wheel and just about ready to bawl my eyes out like some self-pitying baby. \"Stop it,\" I hear Mick wheeze. \"C'mon now, don't cry. Look at us, baby, we're fine. We're fine.\" \"Oh, God,\" is all I can say, leaning back and staring up at the ceiling. \"Did you see what almost happened? It almost happened! That was Billyboy, and he almost…\" I nearly break out into tears as I stop myself from finishing. I hug myself and bite on my tongue. I can feel Mick wrap his arm around my shoulders comfortingly. \"We're fine now. We're fine,\" he says. \"Don't worry, look at us, we're fine…\" \"Yeah,\" I say. I wipe away a single tear and straighten myself out, fixing my hair and trying to reattach my ripped sweatshirt sleeve. \"Goddamnit,\" is all I can say. \"They ripped my fucking sweatshirt.\" Mick watches me attempt to fix the sleeve. \"Goddamn that Billyboy.\" \"Goddamn him!\" I cry out. We both kind of look at each other, and somehow we both crack smiles and actually let out a few chuckles. I don't know how, but having Mick for a best friend honestly makes everything easier. \"The Goddamn car won't start,\" I say, chuckling some more. \"Goddamnit,\" Mick answers. \"Goddamn!\" I sigh. I break out in a few more giggles and wipe my eyes, then turn back to Mick. \"What are we gonna do, kid?\" He kind of shrugs his shoulders and stares off through the windshield. \"I think I need, like, a fucking frozen steak to put on my face or something, man. It hurts like a bitch.\" He touches it and flinches from the tenderness. \"I haven't gotten in a fight in years, man.\" I stare at his battle wound, then look around the car and see his long-board still sitting beside him, tucked away in the front seat. \"You've got your long-board with you,\" I say, an idea suddenly coming into my mind as that reminds me of something. \"Yeah. What about it?\" \"I have mine too. Remember, that one you gave me for my birthday? It's in the trunk!\" \"Not ah.\" \"Yeah!\" \"Well…\" he says. \"What do you propose we do?\" \"I propose we get on our long-boards and get out of here.\" \"And go where?\" I shrug my shoulders. \"God, I don't know. I don't know. What are we doing here? How'd we even get here? Like honestly, this is the most bizarre situation I've ever been in in my entire life. Kid, we were just in one of the opening scenes of the movie! The lines were exactly the same! Did you hear that all? 'You eunuch jelly, thou!'\" I cry the last bit in an attempted British accent. That makes Mick laugh. \"I mean, right? That girl that burst out of the building earlier… she must've been the one that Billyboy and his gang were attacking in the film! It's like the film is happening… and we're right there!\" \"Only you changed it,\" says Mick. \"You were there instead of that girl.\" \"Yeah… that was kind of weird, wasn't it?\" \"Do you think that means we can change other stuff?\" \"I don't know… are we suppose to? I mean, I like the story the way it is,\" I say, unable to hide a smile. \"What are we gonna do now, though? We gotta figure something out.\" \"I honestly think we'd be safer in the car,\" says Mick. \"But I mean, if you wanna go out and long-board… I mean, it's, like… whatever makes your heart pitter-patter, I guess. I can't guarantee that we're gonna be safe out there, you know?\" \"Yeah, yeah. I'm gonna go get my long-board and we're gonna get out of here, okay?\" I say. Mick doesn't answer me as I get out of the car, but he follows and together we head towards the trunk. I open it up and grab my long-board, and it's when I slam the trunk closed that I realize that a figure I hadn't noticed before is leaning against the side of the car, watching the whole time. \"Evening my malenky droogies,\" says Alex, revealing himself from the darkness, swinging his cane about as he eyes Mick and I curiously. His other three droogs kind of stand in his shadow behind him, their arms folded and amused smiles on their faces. I kind of freeze where I stand, clutching my long-board underneath my arm. \"Ookadeeted from thou drat quite like skorry, didn't thou?\" \"Uh… ookadeeted, yes,\" Mick suddenly says. I look over at him, wondering if he knows what he's talking about. \"Appy polly loggies… uh, Sofia and I were a, uh… malenky bit poogly by the like dratting from Billyboy, I'm embarrassed to… erm… skazat.\" Mick almost ends the sentence sounding as if he has asked a question instead of saying a statement. I'm almost laughing, just because it's quite odd to hear him attempt to speak Nadsat slang. At least, I think he did an okay job. I look over at Alex to see if he's convinced. \"Not to worry, my little brother,\" Alex says, this sudden fascinated smile appearing on his face. He gropes his cane as his blue eyes dance back and forth from Mick and I. \"And you, my sladky devotchka,\" he says, turning to me. \"I believe thanks are in order?\" I stand there for a little bit, frozen and silent. \"Huh?\" is all I can muster. \"Billyboy's fillying was most definitely not in thy favor, according to thou dratting back and nasty smots upon thy litso that I so like viddied earlier on, yes?\" My mind is at a blank for a second as I try to translate what he's saying… litso… filly… viddy… \"Uh… why, no. Of course not. But from where I come from, no girl, or uh, devotchka would ever approve of such… uh, fillying without… erm, consensual agreement.\" \"Oh, come, come, my little Sofia,\" says Alex, kind of shaking his head, as if I'd gotten some kind of factual statement wrong. \"Such vesches and slovos cannot be included to make fillying what like fillying is.\" It takes me a moment to translate again, but once I've figured out what it is that he's saying, I find a leer coated on his lips, his eyes narrowing as he stares at me with this gaze that makes my blood run cold and all the hairs on my neck stand on end. It's the way he sort of cocks his head and gives off that piercing gaze that puts me edge, and at the same time, sends all these different emotions through me. I haven't forgotten who Alex DeLarge is, but at the same time, it's not hard for me to find him attractive. \"Where is it that you come from, my little sister, where such vesches such as consensual agreements are approved upon?\" I didn't know if it was already plain to see from my accent, but I figured I'd better just say it out loud. \"Well… America.\" All four of the droogs suddenly burst out into laughter, doubling over practically. \"I salut you, my little sister,\" Alex says, a huge grin on his face, \"for announcing thy nationality so patriotically like.\" I exchange a quick look with Mick, who looks just as confused. \"Why?\" I ask, giving him an odd look. \"Oh, to govoreet of thy once like unwavering country would be the usage of such depressing slovos, my lovely. I spare thy ookos of such slovos. Besides, a native citizen, which I guess from thou zvook of thy yahzick, should be informed of such like vesches.\" \"Vesches?\" I say, starting to get a tad bit annoyed. The way he talked made it sound as if America had gone down the toilet. \"What vesches do you… hide to govoreet of?\" The four droogs all kind of look at each other funny, laughing some more as they avoid the subject all together. Had America gone downhill? Was there even an America? Though Anthony Burgess had never really brought up America… what exactly had happened to the US in the setting of A Clockwork Orange ? What did that all mean for Mick and I? Were we really all alone in this alternate dimension, nowhere to go, no family, nothing… \"What's that vesche you've got there?\" one of the others asks. I think it's Pete. He's pointing to the long-board I'm holding. \"It's my long-board,\" I say. \"Mick's got one too.\" Mick holds his up proudly. \"Do… you guys have long-boards?\" \"A long-board?\" Alex asks, a little sour. \"I've never slooshied of a long-board.\" The rest of his droogs nod in agreement with him. \"What's it do? You like filly with it?\" \"Erm… transportation is the most useful way to go, I guess,\" I say. \"How do you use it?\" Georgie asks. \"It's easy, man,\" Mick cuts in. He gently sets the long-board in front of himself, pushing it as he does, and then launches forward onto it, already cruising down the darkness of the street smoothly, soon becoming just a hooded silhouette. For some reason all the droogs burst out into uproarious giggles. \"Look at him go!\" cries Dim. \"It's like… a skate-board. You've ridden those before, right?\" I ask them. Alex just kind of looks at the rest of his friends with a funny expression. \"Right right right!\" he cries. I don't know what to make of it, so I set my long-board down too and take off behind Mick down the street, going faster as I push off more and more. I yank my hood on from the cold and attempt to bury myself deeper into the warmth of my sweatshirt. Quickly I catch up to Mick, and as soon as I do, I can hear the pound of feet hitting the pavement, and I look back to see Alex and his droogs chasing after us, bird-calling and hooting and guffawing like the street gang they are. I'm not sure whether I should speed up or slow down for them, but they catch up either way, and as Pete, Georgie, and Dim all check out Mick's long-board, I'm surprised to find Alex by my side, stepping in my way so I can't push past him. \"Thou is quite skorry on thy long-board, eh?\" he says as I stop in front of him. He's standing there, in-charge like, his arms crossed over his chest. It's weird to hear him say long-board. \"I hope thou hasn't forgotten what thou owes to Uncle.\" I kind of stand there on my long-board and look at him funny. \"Uncle?\" \"After all, it was thy humble droogie that saved thou, from that like dreadful fillying earlier, wasn't it?\" he says, his breath enveloping into fog from the cold. His eyes are boring into mine, this smile curving his lips upward as he slowly takes a large step forward over my longboard, straddling it. His face is now mere inches away from mine, and I can make out each individual lash of the false eyelash on his right eye. \"I believe that having saved your malenky plott calls for, shall we say, an agreement?\" I try to keep a straight face and withhold the fear that sort of grows inside of me, beginning to understand what it is that Alex is asking of me. \"What sort of agreement?\" I ask. \"Welly welly well. If I must have to explain, I believe that the easiest way to like govoreet of such naughty slovos and vesches can be well put in the way you govoreeted about that like lovely agreement from earlier on, yes?\" My mouth is frozen shut for a moment. \"What agreement again?\" \"Oh, my lovely Sofia, sister, I believe you called it a… consensual agreement?\" he says, enunciating the last two words in particular, a smug grin dotting his cheeks. I keep my face straight as usual as I stare into those piercing blue eyes, watching the leer slowly curl onto his face, and realize what it is that he is suggesting. In a way, he had saved my skin back there with Billyboy and his gang, and I most definitely am grateful to have been saved. A terrible experience it would've been if Alex had not rescued me… if you can call it rescued. But now I realize what it is that Alex wants. In a way, being rescued by him has not really \"rescued\" me, but has just set me up for an even thicker problem. And that is Alex DeLarge. Hi hi hi there! I realize I kind of made Sofia a tomboy-ish-long-boarding-type girl, but that's okay, right? I've always wanted a long-board... anyways, I'm actually not really sure where I was going with the whole America-gone-downhill thing, but I thought it might be interesting just to have the droogs hint that the once powerful America fell just like Rome had, or something like that. Because this is the future! You can do whatever you want. I think I also did it just to make Sofia and Mick feel more isolated... which is kind of mean of me I guess. Anyways, let me know what you think and if you like the path the story's going down so far! Thank you so much to those of you who have already reviewed! - Plainsong30[Chapter 5] \"Doest thou think I govoreet a joke, when I skazatted earlier on to Billygoat Billyboy that thou belongs to me?\" Alex says, coming even closer towards me, his voice very soft and clear, yet razor at the edge. I don't know what else to do but stand there some more, staring back into those eyes, being haunted by his words whilst being immobile and choked up. \"What do you mean? Belong?\" I ask him. \"I'm not an object. I'm a person.\" He lets out this soft chuckle as he cocks his head to the side, merry-like, and stares hard at me. \"Oh, my little sister, such slovos I do not use to offend thou, but to express thou's relationship to me. Because thou does belong to Uncle, whether thou prefers it or not,\" he explains. I don't know how to respond plainly or how to respond safely (especially when he keeps saying Uncle, it just throws me off), knowing that such a character as Alex DeLarge is not one who you can simply flip out on. If this were a normal guy from my normal hometown in real life, I'd slap him silly, giving him a piece of my mind and letting him know that I was indeed not an object, and that I most certainly did not belong to anyone. But I wasn't dealing with a normal person. In fact, I was dealing with as bad as it gets. Alex fucking DeLarge. I ask myself if I should be flattered or terrified to realize that Alex is asking me for \"consensual agreements.\" \"Can I just say something?\" I ask him. He merely nods. \"You may.\" \"Where I come from, saving someone from said horrific tragedies would be a very noble thing indeed, and I would agree that the person who was saved would have a huge debt to the person who… saved them. But… what you're asking for me in return, because I 'owe' you, would not be any better than what Billyboy was trying to do to me back there,\" I say, kind of gulping afterwards. Maybe you can reason with Alex DeLarge. Maybe if you just talk to him like a normal person, it'll be okay. It's worth a try. \"Does that make sense?\" \"Doest thou govoreet of a refusal of our said agreement? Doest thou not wish to return thy favor for saving thou?\" Alex asks through gritted teeth. I can see that crazy kind of look in his eyes that is similar from the film, and I'm so scared that I cannot believe the words that suddenly pour out of my mouth. \"Okay, yeah! Sure, whatever. No big deal.\" OhmyGod. What have I done? What'd I just say? \"Oh, lovely, lovely! It's settled then,\" he says, placing a hand on my shoulder and giving it a squeeze, as if we were two friends who just set up a lunch date or something. I can feel my entire body stiffen as he does that, and I realize that he notices. \"Come, come my lovely little sister. Do not fear Uncle. Droogies we have become, and droogies we will be.\" Another two-faced smile spreads across his cheeks as his hand slowly travels up my shoulder to the back of my neck, his grip becoming more firm as he pulls me a bit closer to him. My whole body is a stiff as a ragdoll, my eyes bugging out of my head. I wonder if I should scream for Mick. \"Thou fears Uncle, doest thou not?\" he asks. His blue eyes are glowing, staring straight into my soul, my own eyes unable to tear away from that distinct, false eyelash. \"I'm not sure,\" I say. That's when I take control of my features for once, and decide to return a hard gaze back. \"Should I be?\" Maybe that was the wrong move, because his response is not what I wanted to hear. \"Much fun we will have, my little sister. That, thou can believe.\" Then he releases me suddenly and turns towards the rest of the group, Mick just going on and on about his long-board and the little Jimi Hendrix figurine that's drawn on the bottom of it. I'm left standing there, watching as Alex continues talking to Mick like they're the best of friends, the rest of the gang having a good old laugh as Mick shows them a few tricks. When I gaze upon Mick just conversing with this fictional group, I squeeze my eyes shut, count to five, pinch myself, and open them again. Nothing's changed. \"Come on, man, try it,\" Mick says to Dim. Dim's looking excited but unsure, and he slowly steps up onto the long-board and pushes himself off cautiously. He kind of yelps out loud when he starts to move forward. \"Go Dim! You're off! Go go go!\" Georgie and Pete hoot, running along beside him and giving him a good push down the street. Mick, Alex, and I watch the trio practically skip down the block, Dim just this giant, clown-like figure trying to keep balance on Mick's long-board, his arms stretched out. \"What plans were on thy rassoodock for this lovely nochy?\" Alex asks, turning towards Mick. \"My rassoodock?\" Mick answers, pointing at himself. \"Uh… I dunno, baby. Whatever happens, happens. Let the breeze take you away is what I say.\" \"Uh…\" I mumble. \"He's saying that we didn't have any plans.\" I think back to the way Alex said how drunk people disgusted him – but that was usually just drunk, old, homeless people, right? I wonder if a high kid like Mick would piss him off too, and this makes me a little bit nervous. Luckily, though, Alex seems to be having a good time with Mick. So far anyways. \"Doest thou wish to accompany us for a bit of the ole ultra-violence?\" Alex asks, turning from Mick to me. \"Lots of fun fillying my droogies and I will be up to.\" \"Uh… I mean…\" Mick murmurs, locking eyes with me. \"Uh… what would we be doing?\" I begin to chew on my lip as I look from Mick to Alex, trying to remember the turn of the events in A Clockwork Orange . If everything that took place in the film is really going to happen now, then that means… \"A ride in the ole automobile, if Sofia does not rassoodock?\" Alex says, leaning on his cane and cocking his head towards me. \"Um… unfortunately, it's not starting. I think that last eighty-mile ride we were on just about killed it,\" I explain. \"Appy polly loggies. That is quite unfortunate,\" sighs Alex, as if defeated. I realize he's being sarcastic. \"That doesn't have to stop us, O my brothers!\" That's when Alex suddenly whistles quite loudly and causes me to nearly jump out of my skin. Like a pack of obedient dogs, the rest of Alex's droogs suddenly turn back towards us (they were practically down the length of the block) and head back, Dim still attempting to ride Mick's long-board. Alex starts towards them as well, and not knowing what else to do, Mick and I follow. We meet the gang halfway, their silhouettes and fogs of breath now becoming clearer as they come closer. \"Sofia's lovely auto ceases to exist, my brothers. Another way we will find. The night is quite molodoy, is it not?\" Alex says to the group. \"We viddied another auto just down the street. A bit malenky, but has a very high, cutter like smot about. A Durango 95 we viddied. Didn't we, lads?\" Georgie explains. Pete and Dim nod in agreement. \"Something that looks quite fun to yeckate.\" I nearly feel my mouth drop open when I hear them say \"Durango-95\". The car? The exact same car as in the film and book? \"Why didn't you govoreet sooner, Georgieboy?\" says Alex, starting his way down the street and taking the lead. \"This auto I viddy here?\" He's pointing at this stylish little car that looks like it's one of those attempted futuristic cars from a seventies sci-fic movie. Well… duh. \"Lovely, lovely.\" \"Maybe we should just long-board,\" Mick says, realizing what's going on. \"Yeah. Car-jacking isn't really my style,\" I say. \"Come, come, Sofia, love! It's a Durango-95!\" says Alex, twirling his cane over his shoulder as he continues towards the car. \"Haven't thou any yarbles?\" It takes me a moment to remember what yarbles means. \"Ha-ha. Very funny,\" I say with heavy sarcasm once I've figured it out, the others giggling to each other. Mick seems to be quite calm about the whole thing, and begins walking after Alex towards the car, and I've no choice but to follow. The rest of the gang is close behind us, surrounding us in a very controlling like manner. It's a little convertible from the looks of it, and I haven't a clue how it's going to fit all of us. My stomach is doing flips and my palms begin to drench with sweat. Alex takes his cane and jams it into the window. The glass shatters, and I look over my shoulder anxiously. Soon he unlocks the doors, and the rest of the boys all climb in and pull the retractable roof down. Mick and I attempt to squeeze into the little space that is left, and Georgie removes this thing from his keyring, a polyclef they keep calling it, and soon Alex has the car up and running, purring like a tiger. I have to sit on Mick's lap, which makes me feel a little bit better, but I'm right in the spotlight of Alex's eyes in his rearview mirror once again. There's this intense look in his gaze, a mixture of something evil and volatile. I cannot stare at them for too long without looking away. If the scene in the movie was crazy (with that lovely false backdrop I recall), then being there for the real ride is nothing like I ever imagined. Sitting in Mick's lap is probably the most unsafe area of the car. I'm very likely to tumble right out if Alex turns too hard. And he drives everywhere. Right into the oncoming lane, off the road, right for pedestrians, the whole works. My eyes are watering from the wind and my heart is roaring in my chest, a firm grip on Mick's shoulder. I can feel him returning the same gesture. We are heading farther and farther out of town, and I realize where it is that we're going. It's that scene, that awful scene of stylized violence and soft-shoe and Singin' in the Rain that makes me grab Mick by the arm and squeeze it so hard that my nails dig into him. After the shit-your-pants car ride, we come upon a driveway with this very large, glowing sign that says HOME. The whole gang climbs out uproariously, shushing each other and giggling at the same time. I can see a house in the distance, the lights lit. \"Ready, lads?\" says Alex, pulling what looks to be that long-nosed, masquerade mask that I always found frightening yet bizarrely sexy in the film. Now I was getting chills. This was really happening. Right now. \"I gotta go,\" I suddenly say. \"Go? Where doest thou have to itty to now?\" Alex asks. \"I… I got a headache. A… uh, pain in the gulliver,\" I say as I start to slowly walk away backwards down the road, clutching my long-board. \"Mick, you coming?\" \"Tally ho!\" Mick says calmly, starting towards me and leaving the group. \"Sorry guys, it's been real, and it's been fun, but we gotta go.\" \"Ookadeeting on thy droogies?\" says Alex, tsk-tsking us. \"We've only arrived! The nochy is still molodoy, brothers! You'll be missing out on a real horrorshow event. Especially you, Sofia, love,\" he says. He's grinning at me. \"Thou wouldn't want to miss what fun we'll have.\" \"I know. I'm just… so… bummed. But I gotta get some, uh… spatchka!\" I say. I'm almost afraid to leave, just because I don't want to upset Alex in any way possible. From the look on his face, I can tell he's a bit irritated by me and Mick's ditching, but he doesn't seem too upset… at least, I don't think he is. \"Very well.\" His voice is a bit strained, and my question is answered as to whether or not he's angry. He sounds like it… a little bit. I simply cannot tell at times with him. \"We'll meet again, though. Maybe for a pleet at the Korova tomorrow nochy?\" \"You bet your sweet ass!\" Mick hoots suddenly. I glare at him in the dark, wondering if he's lost his mind or something. \"Mick!\" I growl in a whisper. \"You as well then, Sofia, love?\" Alex asks. I turn back to the foursome and force a smile onto my face. \"Gahh… sure. Love to,\" is all I can say, feeling trapped. \"We'll be viddying thou then,\" says Alex, starting up the walkway of the little village house addressed HOME. \"Bye, lads!\" Georgie and the rest of the boys say, waving as they all clutch their own masks in their hands. I turn towards Mick and stare at him blankly, not knowing what to say. The two of us are silent as we start to long-board back the way we'd come, not knowing where to go, not really knowing where we are. I shrug deeper into my sweatshirt, nearly frozen from the cold of the night, wondering what the hell is going on. \"Let's go back to the car,\" says Mick after a while. \"There's nowhere else for us to go. We'll just sleep there… or something.\" \"Do you have any cash on you?\" I ask, nearly out of breath. We've been long-boarding for so long it seems already, attempting to find our way. Alex had taken so many turns and weaves, but things still look familiar, so I'm sure we're going the right way. \"No,\" Mick answers. \"But even if I did, it wouldn't work. I'm sure they still take pounds in Britain, not American dollars.\" I let out a huge sigh, a giant fog of my breath surrounding my face. \"What are we gonna do? This is so weird! This is not normal!\" I whine, pushing off more and more, wanting to go faster and try to find a way out of this mess. \"I think I'm dreaming. I have to be a dreaming. This is all a result from my insomnia. You know, I honestly haven't slept in about five days. I just can't. And I think this is the result.\" \"Chill out, Sofia,\" says Mick. \"Look, we're almost there.\" The sterile buildings of the city begin to grow back as we get closer to town. My leg is burning and aching up something awful, my body completely frozen. It gets trickier once we get back into town – the streets look similar, especially in the dark, and after avoiding a few gangs and another few turns, we finally find my car. I had been worried about it, but it looks okay. We climb into the car, roll up the windows, and lock the doors. We lean the seats back and stare up at the ceiling of the car, both of us speechless. Then a question forms into my mind that makes my stomach churn. \"Mick?\" \"Yeah?\" \"If we had gone with them tonight… do you think we could've… helped that couple?\" I ask him. I think about the whole scene, the way Alex sings Singin' in the Rain and completely taints the whole song. A brilliant scene, yet so shocking and discomforting – and it was happening right now, right as I lay here. \"I don't know,\" says Mick. \"Let's just… say that we did, okay? If we did help that couple, wouldn't that change the course of the events in A Clockwork Orange ? I mean… it wouldn't be A Clockwork Orange , would it? F. Alexander wouldn't lose his wife, and he wouldn't go crazy, or become a cripple like he does in the film, for that matter, and…\" My mind is about ready to explode from just thinking about it, and I trail off. Mick doesn't answer for a moment. \"It's too late,\" says Mick. \"It's already happened. We can't do anything about it now.\" I chew on my lip as I lay there, continuing to think about it. I wonder if I'll be able to sleep tonight. I close my eyes and keep them closed, hoping for sleep, even though it never comes at any other time. Hey guys! I apologize if it's taken a while to update! Sorry if this chapter wasn't very interesting, but I promise you that there are some much more entertaining chapters to come! Thanks for reading, and let me know what you think! Also thanks to you that have been reviewing! It means a lot to me! - Plainsong30[Chapter 6] I kind of jump awake and forget where I am and what's happening. It takes me a few seconds to realize that I'm in my car, but why am I in my car? For some reason the windows are fogged up a bit, and I'm not sure why. It doesn't take me long when I turn towards Mick on my right side and see him smoking a joint. \"Jesus, what time is it?\" I ask, pinching my nose from the fumes and using my other hand to wave the air. As I begin to wake up more, I realize it's not just foggy in the car, it's like a fucking steam bath. \"Don't know. Don't care,\" says Mick. He suddenly coughs violently, holding forward the rest of his blunt. \"Ah, shit.\" I rub my eyes and pull my hair out of its distorted bun, my scalp achy from the strain. I pull it all to the side and braid it effortlessly, the events of the previous night pouring back into my brain. Alex DeLarge… That's when I quickly come back to earth and rub my window free of moisture, peeking outside, hoping that maybe we somehow arrived back home, that maybe the streets are familiar to me again. They aren't. Those sterile looking buildings are still there, and for some bizarre reason, it's still dark outside. \"Wait, what time is it?\" I ask again. \"Don't know,\" says Mick, very relaxed about the whole thing. \"I think we slept through the whole day though.\" \"We slept through the whole fucking day?\" I cry. \"What?! Not ah, I'm an insomniac, I can't sleep for that long.\" \"Well, you did.\" \"But… I feel like… I didn't get any sleep at all,\" I say. It feels as if I had just jumped awake from a bizarre doze. I know I dreamt last night, but I cannot remember what. I watch Mick as he continues to smoke his blunt, disgusted and at the same time fascinated for some odd reason. He puts it out in the ashtray and then claps his hands free of dust, looking over at me afterwards with these red, squinted eyes. \"How do I look?\" he asks, giving off a crooked smile. \"You look great ,\" I tell him, my voice heavy with sarcasm. \"Now that you're so in touch with your mind right now, any idea as to what we should do next? Because what I really need right now is a guy who can think ! Not some stoned hippie!\" \"C'mon, Sofia, relax. It's not that big of a deal. I'm still in touch, I can still do things. It heightens my senses if anything. I'm fine. I'm fine…\" he says, leaning back in his seat, his hands behind his head. \"Besides… I'm not freaking out. In fact, I'm pretty hyped about this whole thing. We get to hang out with Alex DeLarge.\" \"Well, we had the opportunity to do that last night, and I didn't see you participating,\" I say. \"Well, yeah, ultra-violence isn't really my thing, but… you know what I think?\" he says, sitting back up and staring at me with another lazy grin. \"I think we need to enjoy our time here. Alex DeLarge has got to be… the coolest anti-hero you can think of. Him and Patrick Bateman. Or Tyler Durden. Or Scarface, actually. And guess what, baby? We get to hang out with the son of a bitch!\" I begin to glare at him, convinced that he has lost his mind. \"Yes, I do believe Alex DeLarge is one of the most fascinating characters I've come across, but never did I ever say that I wanted to hang out with him. Knowing the type of person he is, that would be suicide!\" \"Yeah, well, we hung with him last night, and it's not like we died or anything. And anyways… I swear you got a crush on the guy, because the last time we watched that movie together-\" \"A crush?\" I ask. \"What crush?\" \"Denial!\" Mick roars. \"Shut up!\" is all I can answer, my cheeks burning red with embarrassment. \"Besides, I think he likes us,\" says Mick. \"Likes us?\" I repeat. \"Yeah, maybe he likes us… or maybe he just wants to fucking rape me or something. Did you hear him going off about consensual agreements? An agreement to fuck? That's what he was saying.\" \"Well, at least he's asking for an agreement instead of just actually raping you,\" Mick answers. \"I mean, if he really wanted to, he would've gone for it by now, right? Seems kind of odd, actually.\" \"Yeah, so why hasn't he?\" \"Hell, I don't know. Like I said, I think he likes us,\" says Mick. \"Yeah, you just got it all figured out, don't you?\" I say, my tone real bitchy. He doesn't answer me after that, and I cross my arms and stare at the steering wheel, really confused about this whole thing and trying to figure out how the hell we ended up in the story of A Clockwork Orange . But then a sudden knocking breaks me out of my trance, and I jump out of my skin and wail out a loud \"Gaah!\" and grab Mick by the arm. Speak of the devil. \"Hi hi hi, my little droogies!\" Alex pipes from the other side of the glass. \"Oh… my God. You scared the shit out of me,\" I say, rolling down the window. \"How'd you find us?\" \"It is not as if thou has like moved thy auto at all. Twas not hard to find you,\" Alex explains, a smile spreading on his lips, this look on his face indicating that I'm just plain stupid. \"Come, come, brothers! Thou promised at pleet at the ole Korova, did thou not?\" \"Hang on,\" I say. \"I don't remember making any prom-\" \"We're in!\" says Mick, already opening his car door. I let out a loud huff before getting out of the car myself. Georgie, Pete, and Dim are already with Alex, but they're standing quite a ways back, looking a little out of it, maybe a little frightened even. \"What's wrong with you guys?\" I ask as Alex and Mick already start off. \"Don't worry about thy droogies! Just a bit of fillying from earlier hast worn thou out!\" Alex answers. I stare at the trio and notice how Dim clutches at his hand painfully, a bandage wrapped around it, the gauze stained a nasty brown color. He and Georgie look quite wet, as if they'd previously gone for a swim in their clothes. My heart skips a beat as I realize that Alex had just beaten up his friends by the flatblock marina in order to show who was boss. That slow-motion scene by the water where Alex flips out on his droogs flashes before my eyes. I pity the three of them, and at the same time become even more scared. They look sullen and dispirited. I turn away from them quickly and start after Alex and Mick, trying to remember what else must've happened. The foursome had gone back to the Korova after attacking F. Alexander and his wife, and Alex freaked on Dim for making fun of the woman who'd been singing Beethoven, something that Dim would not easily forget. He'd gone home afterwards, and then the next day P. R. Deltoid swung by to tell him to get his act together. And after that… after that, he went to the record store and seduced those two girls, Marty and Sonietta, back to his bedroom for a \"William Tell Overture\" themed orgy. Although I remember a few differences from the book than from the film that causes me to feel a bit sick. While stumbling after Mick and Alex, the other three close behind, my stomach suddenly rumbles so loudly that I'm afraid all of them can hear it. I'm so hungry that it's the only thing that's on my mind at the moment, and I ask out loud if the Korova will have any food. \"The Korova Milkbar sells moloko-plus, Sofia, love,\" says Alex, turning around and walking backwards as he converses with me. \"But perhaps we can fetch you a kiddie meal at the local bistro, eh?\" \"Um… that's all right,\" I say, listening to Alex snicker as he continues walking. Dim, Georgie, and Pete are all still a bit behind, murmuring to themselves and not being very social. I glance back at them every once and a while, then turn back to see how well Mick and Alex are conversing, like best friends it seems. Mick totally trusts Alex, a flaw which has haunted him for quite some time, and last happened when Mick's ex-girlfriend, Lorraine, had cheated on him. I don't trust Alex. I'm pretty damn smart. Not that I'm saying Mick is stupid… I love Mick. But I guess he is kind of stupid… \"Sofia, I've got these if you're real hungry,\" says Mick, pulling out a baggie of what looks to be brownies from his pocket. \"Are those brownies?!\" I cry, my stomach giving another kick as I see them in his hands. \"Yeah, buddy. You can have them if you want.\" I don't protest as I take the brownies from him and begin munching on them on our walk to the Korova. Eating those brownies has to be the best thing about the whole night so far. \"What kind of moloko-plus would thou wish to try? Vellocet? Sythemesc? Drencrom?\" \"Erm… I'll see when we get there. I'm not sure yet,\" I say, shoving the empty brownie baggie into my pocket. \"Is it okay that I'm on a partially empty stomach? I don't wanna get sick or anything.\" \"Sick is the last thing thou will become. And thou best be thinking quite skorry. We've already arrived, love,\" says Alex, approaching a dark side street with a vacant looking doorway, two guards standing beside it. They don't card us or anything, which doesn't surprises me. I recall how Alex describes in the book that the employees don't really seem to bother with determining their age. \"Holy shit,\" Mick breathes beside me. I'm frozen beside him as we enter the Korova, the place looking exactly as it had in the film. Those naked white statues with the colorful wigs were everywhere. Korova Milkbar and Moloko-Plus, all trippy like words, are decorated on the walls, and people in colorful costume like wigs and shiny clothing are sitting around, mingling and drinking their moloko-plus without a care in the world. At the same time, a few people do look up at the sight of us, but avoid eye contact all together. A group of young boys in this modern world is definitely something you didn't want to mess with. \"This is cray-cray, Sofia,\" Mick says to me, causing me to laugh, which surprises me, considering how dismayed of a mood I'd been in earlier. And then something else happens that surprises me. As we're about to sit down, I suddenly feel a sudden rush through my body. It's not euphoria or anything like that, but I'm starting to feel a bit more relaxed and a little bit happier than I had before. In fact, I'm feeling really good as I actually walk around the legs of one of those naked white statues and take a seat right next to Your Humble Narrator and Friend, Bog love him, Alex DeLarge. \"What's up, cutie?\" I ask, pinching his cheek as I sit beside him, putting my feet up on one of those naked statues like a foot rest. \"I gotta get me some mo-lok-oh-PLUS!\" \"My, my, Sofia, love. What's gotten into thou rassoodock to act with such like choodessny filliness, eh?\" Mick takes a seat on my other side, while Georgie, Dim, and Pete all sit in front of us on the other side of the naked white model statue with the purple wig on. \"Baby, you're rollin',\" I hear Mick say next to me. I look over at him to see him laughing at me, one hand covering his face as if embarrassed. \"I completely forgot about the brownies… I'm so sorry, Sofia…\" \"What brownies?\" I ask, staring at him, my expression confused. \"Vellocet, Sofia, love?\" Alex suddenly asks beside me. I turn towards him, only to see him taking glasses of white, thick milk from a tray that a waiter is carrying. \"Tee,\" is all I can murmur, taking one of the glasses. \"Muchos gracias, amigo. I need some, like, Oreos with this baby.\" \"Me too. I would like some moloko-plus vellocet,\" Mick says beside me. \"You got any chocolate moloko?\" When I see that everyone has a glass in their hand, I kind of lean forward over that naked-statue-table-foot-rest-thing and hold my glass up into the air, because now I would like to make a toast. \"I would like to make a toast!\" I say. \"This one's for you, little Alex. To lovely, lovely Ludwig van, a beautiful man.\" \"Indeed,\" says Mick beside me. Georgie, Dim, and Pete aren't really into it, but I do clang glasses very loudly with Mick, and together we chug nearly half the glass. It's like pins and needles, kind of gritty and at the same time sweet, like milk. A modern age like today where even the innocence of milk is tainted with something as horrid as drugs. \"What's this govoreet of the lovely Ludwig van?\" Alex asks me. I turn towards him, only to see this surprised, somewhat fascinated smile on his lips. \"Thou has slooshied? Thou has slooshied the lovely zvooks of like beautiful Ludwig van?\" \"Ninth symphony, right?\" I say, my mouth just blubbering like crazy of all the things I'd read in A Clockwork Orange . \"Fourth movement? Yes, yes, gorgeous piece. Real horroshow.\" \"Gorgeousity made flesh!\" Mick hoots. \"You naughty malenky bratchnies!\" Alex laughs. \"When were thou vecks going to govoreet to me of such like musical interests? Surprise this is to me, my brothers.\" \"Surprise!\" I exclaim. \"Nah, I mean… I dunno. I've heard a few songs by Beethoven, he's pretty good, isn't he, Mick?\" \"Yeah, he's pretty good.\" \"Yeah. But that and 'The Thieving Magpie' and 'I Wanna Marry a Lighthouse Keeper', fucking 'William Tell Overture',\" I say. Now I was just pretty much naming all of the tracks right off the movie soundtrack, which I'm embarrassed to say, I've listened to one too many times. \"Oh, my brothers, such lovely slovos you like govoreet of music,\" Alex says. \"I believe another pleet is in order!\" \"Mick…\" I whisper. \"We don't have anything to pay with.\" \"Not to worry, brothers,\" interrupts Alex. \"Your lovely droog has enough deng in thy carmans to assist.\" \"Well, shit. Thanks,\" says Mick sincerely. I kind of look down sourly at my milk and finish the rest of it, my eyes squeezing shut as I shiver for a moment. Then I set the empty glass down (or try to) on that white-naked-statue-table-whatever-thing. As I do, my foot kind of shifts and bangs against the statue's face and right at her ear, causing the whole part of the ear to break right off. I kind of gasp out loud in shock as I watch the ear fall to the ground, then look over at Alex, only to see that he hasn't noticed. In fact, he seems to be in a much more serious conversation with Georgie, Pete, and Dim. \"Now we're back where we were, yes?\" says Alex to the trio. I look over at him only to see this intense, controlling look twisted into his features. \"Just like before and all forgotten, right?\" My eyes are going back and forth from the broken ear on the floor to the conversation taking place between Alex and his droogs. Mick kind of kicks the ear out of sight under the table, but I'm more determined to get it back to its place. Slowly, very slowly, I slink down farther and farther out of my seat so that I can reach down and grab the ear. \"Well, Georgieboy, what did you have in mind?\" I hear Alex ask, his voice so intense and chilling that I accidentally slip even further out of the booth we've sat in. I suddenly realize that this is an exact scene from the film and book. But I believe it took place in the Duke of New York, not here at the Korova, which was kind of bizarre… things were already changing. Was it because of me and Mick's presence, our involvement with the story? Though it hadn't been a big change, it was kind of odd. \"Not tonight. Not this nochy, please,\" says Georgie painfully. \"Come, come, Georgieboy! You're a big strong chelloveck, like us all. We're not little children, are we, Georgieboy? What, then, didst thou in thy mind have ?\" I can hear Mick sputtering somewhat, and I look up at him only to see him laughing, his cell phone out as he snaps a picture of me, that little crunch noise going off at he takes the picture. \"Don't you dare!\" is all I can cry, but I'm laughing too, and since my body's kind of underneath that naked statue, the naked statue starts to shake awkwardly because I've begun to laugh, and all I can hear are all these crunch noises from Mick's phone as he keeps taking more goddamn pictures. So quickly I grab for the ear and hold in laughter as I try to put it back onto the statue's head, the purple wig getting in the way, hoping to God that nobody has really noticed what I'm doing. \"Gold and silver and like jewels…\" I overhear Georgieboy saying. \"It was Will the English who like said.\" \"I viddy,\" I hear Alex say. \"I viddy horrorshow.\" I'm so focused on getting that ear back onto the statue's head that I finally realize I'm on my hands and knees. The wig's practically in my mouth as I just start smacking the ear onto the statue's head. \"Let us at once itty,\" Alex says. \"Itty!\" cries Mick, causing me to bang my head against the statue. I'm still focused on the ear when I feel Mick take my arm and pull me upwards. \"C'mon, Sofia. We gotta go. They're ittying without us.\" \"I broke it,\" I murmur sadly. \"I broke her ear off, I'm sorry!\" My mind is starting to go nuts right about now. I blink and suddenly everything begins to come in clearer, sharper, more precise. The colors around me are glowing and my mind is in fast-forward. \"It's fine. We gotta book it though, they're leaving. Ookadeeting. To the cat lady's house, remember? Let's itty!\" And itty we did. Cat Lady, here we come. Hi hi hi there! Sorry about the long wait. I hope this chapter was somewhat funny - I tried to make it that way. Let me know what you guys think! Thanks to the feedback from all of you! - Plainsong30[Chapter 7] When we step outside, I cannot fathom how large the moon is tonight. I tell Alex about six or seven times as we start down the street. \"So, Sofia, love,\" says Alex, wrapping an arm around my shoulder. \"What does thou think of thy lovely Korova Milkbar? How art thou feeling?\" \"I feel funky,\" I answer. \"Everything's clearer now.\" \"It sharpens you up, it does!\" he says, rubbing my shoulder. Then he says more softly into my ear, \"Gets you ready for a bit of the ole ultra-violence.\" \"Ultraviolet?\" \"Georgieboy! You govoreet so well of gold and jewels and like and other cal,\" Alex says, leaving my side and working his way towards his droogs. \"Where does this starry ptitsa reside?\" \"Just that away,\" Georgie answers, pointing down the street. \"Just a few blocks down there, right on the edge of town. But it's a skorry walk, nothing too long like.\" \"We're going to the cat lady's house?\" I ask Mick as we continue walking. \"Yeah. You remember that scene? It's the scene with that… giant… dildo,\" Mick whispers to me all immature like. I burst out into a fit of hysteric giggles as we try to catch up with Alex and his droogs. It's not that I have trouble walking at all or anything – in fact, I can walk perfectly fine. If anything, I can probably go for a speed-walk right about now, or I can even run a marathon it feels like. My senses are on fire, everything is clear, and my mind is literally going faster than a Nascar race. You can't get any sharper than this, O my brothers. \"Anybody up for a little cancie wancie?\" I hear Pete ask. He's removing a pack of cigarettes from his pocket. \"Don't mind if I do,\" says Mick. \"Me too!\" I say, watching as Pete hands Mick the cigarette. \"Since when do you smoke?\" Mick asks, looking at me funny. \"Never. But lemme try,\" I say, nearly pushing Mick out of my way aggressively to get to Pete. I never quite notice how cute and boyish looking Pete is until now. He's looking at me a bit shyly, seeming to still be a little shaken from the previous beating he'd witnessed by Alex. I try to remind myself that he's as bad as the others, but I can't really help it. I pity him in a way. \"Cheer up, cutie,\" I say, allowing him to light my cigarette. \"You don't look so hot, huh?\" \"What do you mean?\" he asks. \"I got a sixth sense, ya know?\" I say, continuing to walk beside him, inhaling the cigarette and just about wheezing my lungs out. \"I can tell when people are out of it.\" That is a total lie, and definitely not something I'd say if I had a clear head. Then I lean in close to him so that I can whisper in his ear. \"Don't mind, Alex, all right? Great bolshy yarblockos to him, eh?!\" \"What's that I slooshy?\" I hear Alex say, turning sharply towards Pete and I, Pete just about whimpering away so that I'm in the deadly spotlight of Alex's piercing glazzies. \"Baby, you heard wrong,\" is all I can say, still attempting to smoke and walk at the same time. \"I govoreet nothing. Nothing I tell ya! I'm a good kid, I never do cal. Never, do I.\" \"Thou has quite the yazhick after a good ole pleet of moloko-plus, eh?\" Alex asks, beginning to walk beside me now. He takes my cigarette from me, and I'm too afraid to protest as I watch him smoke it. He looks over at me and practically blows the smoke in my face. \"We'll have to do this more often.\" \"Probably not too often,\" I say, kicking a rock in the street, my senses quite heightened but not really on the cautious side. \"You got lucky tonight. I wasn't even going to try moloko-plus but somehow… somehow I did!\" I cry, throwing my arms up and letting out a laugh. \"I viddy that. I viddy that nice and sparkling clear,\" Alex says. \"And doest thou know what that govoreets my lovely mozg?\" \"What?\" I ask, not really having a clue. \"You've got such willpower when it comes to thy lovely consensual agreement we had so earlier on… but just like that moloko-plus, you'll be coming round quite soon, Sofia, love,\" he says, now wrapping his arm around my shoulders again and bringing me very close to him. His hand is giving my arm a good rub, and then stops at my shoulder and squeezes it. \"Quite soon, I viddy,\" he says, taking another puff of the cigarette. I can feel the smoke burning my eyes. I don't have the willpower to push him away. In fact, being touched even by such a creep like him comforts me in that bizarre state-of-mind I'm in, moloko-plus and marijuana just about causing me to pass out. He actually smells kind of nice, like clean laundry and maybe a hint of cologne. I can feel my head sort of snuggling into his shoulder, his hand just rubbing my arm, very comforting like it felt. \"In fact, you seem to be coming on real horrorshow right about now, eh?\" he whispers into my ear, his nose rubbing into my hair. I feel myself kind of murmur a soft \"Mmmhmm.\" \"Atta girl,\" he answers. \"That domy there!\" a voice says. I nearly fall over when Alex leaves my side, unable to even realize what is happening and how uncomfortably close I'd been to Alex. But what is so strange about it is that it wasn't uncomfortable. In fact, falling asleep in his arms was the only thing that'd been on my mind at the time. \"We'll try the front door, brothers,\" says Alex, reaching for his mask and pulling it on, as do the others. \"Wait a sec,\" interrupts Mick. \"You guys got masks.\" \"Yes, I can viddy that, brother,\" says Alex. \"We don't got maskies,\" says Mick, looking over at me. \"Our identities will be right out there!\" \"That is a problem,\" says Alex. He kind of stands there, thinking things over. I'm hypnotized and almost in love with him at this point, just seeing him standing there thinking with his mask on. It's really bizarre. Then he reaches into his pocket and pulls out a white hanky, whipping it out and handing it to Mick. \"Here.\" \"What am I suppose to do with it?\" Mick asks. \"Wrap thy tashtook around thou litso, gloopy basterd thou art,\" laughs Alex. Nobody else really seems to laugh, and Mick just kind of lets off a grin as he wraps the hanky around the lower part of his face, cowboy style, just so his eyes are visible. \"Um… yeah, what about me?\" I ask, raising my hand like some forgotten child. \"Here,\" says Pete, reaching into his pocket and pulling out a hanky of his own. There's a little patchwork of flowers in one corner of it. \"Use mine.\" \"Thank you!\" I cry generously, reacting as if he'd given me some pristine diamond instead of an adorable little hanky. \"I like the flowers…\" The rest of the guys have already started up towards the house. Pete follows close behind them while Mick and I slack behind, attempting to tie the goddamn hankies around our faces. Once we get them on, we point at each other, laughing silly and starting to yell out \"Yee-HAAW!\"s and putting our hoods up. Someone is telling us to shut up, and I assume it's Alex, so we flat out start giggling and shushing each other, our hands over our tashtook covered mouths. We follow them towards the front entrance, only once I'm nearly by Alex's side at the front door, I feel someone grab me and yank me behind a bush. It's Pete again, my new best friend! \"Hey, new best droog!\" I cry. \"You lent me a cancer and your tashy-tooky, you just gotta be the gooviest, droogiest person I ever met, you know?\" \"Good Bog, shut up!\" whispers Pete. \"Alex is trying to govoreet to the starry ptitsa.\" \"Starry, starry night,\" I hear Mick begin to sing from behind another bush. Another \"SHH!\" breaks out, and Mick falls silent. I'm about ready to die at this point, squatting there besides Pete with my hands shoved over my tashtook covered mouth. There's all this banging coming from the front door as Alex lays it on the letter opener. \"Who's there?!\" \"Excuse me, missus!\" cries Alex in a very sad, acting like voice. \"I'm sorry to bother you, but there's been a terrible accident! My friend's out lying in the middle of the road, bleeding to death! I was wondering if I might use a telephone to telephone for an ambulance?!\" I almost start to crack up just because Alex said telephone twice in that sentence, and I'm nearly dying again, suffocating myself as I attempt not to make any noise. Pete just squats beside me, shaking his head. I think I did make him laugh just for a second though. \"I'm very sorry,\" says this familiar voice, \"but I never let strangers into the house at this time of night.\" \"But missus, this is an emergency!\" Alex begs. \"There's a telephone just about a mile down the road, I suggest you use that one.\" There's a slight pause, and I peer around the bush to see Alex kind of reacting in an impatient way. \"All right, missus, I understand. You cannot be blamed for being too cautious, what with all the scoundrels and rogues about in the night. I'll have to take my suffering friend elsewhere. I'm sorry if I've disturbed you. Have a good night!\" I'm still peering around the bush, and Alex quickly turns away from the door, walking off in a determined, somewhat pissed off way. His three droogs are already up on their feet, walking after him as they begin to round the house. I can barely stand up after squatting for so long, my legs practically killing me. I just about fall over, and Mick has to help me up. \"There, lads,\" says Alex, pointing up towards this window on the second or third story. \"I'm gonna get through that window and then open the front door. Give us a noga up on the pletchoes, Dim.\" Dim obeys silently, bending over and hauling Alex's ass upwards towards a drainpipe. Alex gets all handy and starts to spider-monkey up the wall, right for the open window. \"Can I go next?\" I ask in a whisper. \"Sorry, darling. Only Alex goes in,\" Georgie tells me, his voice very low. \"That's not fair, is it?\" I ask Mick. Mick just shakes his head in reply. \"Listen, guys, we're gonna have a look around. We'll be on the lookout, okie dokie?\" \"Sure,\" Georgie simply answers. I grab Mick by the arm and drag him with me back towards the front of the house. \"What are we doing?\" Mick asks. \"We'd better stick with the group, you know? We could get lost, and-\" \"You act like we're little kids or something,\" I say. \"Besides, you're the one who wanted to hang out with Alex DeLarge.\" \"What are you talking about? That's what we're doing right now,\" says Mick. \"That's what I mean. I'm saying we gotta get in there with him, you know? Get inside the house.\" \"What… are you talking about?\" Mick asks me. \"We gotta help him out!\" \"No.\" \"Yes, c'mon! See the light up there?\" I ask him. I point up towards a window, the curtain drawn and light pooling out from the other side. \"We're gonna try to get up there. I don't know why Alex went for the window over there. If he had any brains, he'd have gone for this one.\" \"Sofia, I don't think it's a good-\" \"C'mon then!\" I saw, practically climbing on top of Mick. \"Give me a leg up!\" \"Jesus, fine! Take it easy!\" he says. He bends down and lets me climb up onto his knee, then sort of hoists me up higher as I reach for an upper ledge, heaving myself onto it, grunting and wheezing quite loudly. \"You got it?\" Mick asks. \"Yeppers.\" \"Jesus, you're crazy.\" \"It's not me, I swear. It's the moloko,\" I say, giggling a little bit as I look towards the stars and see the Big Dipper. It was nice to see something familiar for once. \"Wait, what do you plan on doing next?\" says Mick. \"I'm gonna get you up here!\" I say. \"How?\" I lay flat on my stomach, my arm hanging over the ledge as I reach for Mick. Our fingers barely touch. \"Almost… there !\" I cry, straining. \"Yeah, that's not gonna work,\" he says, not even attempting to try. \"All right. I'm gonna get inside, find the front door, and open it for you! Because we all know that that's the last thing that Alex is gonna do.\" \"So wait...\" Mick contemplates. \"Are you just gonna let Alex kill that cat lady then?\" \"Excuse me?!\" I exclaim, my voice going up an octave. \"What the fuck do you mean, let him kill her?\" \"Well, I mean, you were all concerned about F. Alexander and his wife. I figure you'd want to change it this time,\" he says. \"Yeah… I mean, she's not a terrible cat lady or anything. But… that's the whole point of 'A Clockwork Orange', isn't it?\" \"Yeah, I guess. So she is gonna die then?\" My brain is still in fast-forward, going so fast that it is just about ready to explode. I don't answer Mick as I run a hand through my hair, and suddenly I nearly jump out of my skin when I hear a sudden cry of surprise. \"Who the devil are you?! What the ruddy hell do you think you're doing in here?\" I practically bang heads with the window as I press my ear to the glass, realizing that the whole scene is just taking place beyond this window. My heart is hammering like crazy. I don't feel much like myself at all, and all I want to do is just burst in and have a dance party or something. \"Oh, shit!\" I say, whispering down to Mick. \"It's happening! It's happening! \" \"Yeah, yeah, will you get the front door open for me so I can come in too?\" he calls from below. I ignore him as I sort of nudge at the window, wondering if it will budge. I become quite surprised though as I sort of press all my weight against it, only to realize that a simple finger flick could've done the job. The whole thing opens right up, and I fall smack onto a carpeted floor, just about somersaulting into the middle of the room. \"Bloody hell!\" this voice cries. I look up, my head aching something awful, and realize that I'm staring face to face with the cat lady in her emerald green jumpsuit. Her eyes are nearly bugging out of her head, and for a second I'm completely convinced that I'm dreaming. I'm staring at her sideways though, because I'm all scrunched up bizarrely from my fall. It's kind of hard to stand up though, because I realize that my clothes are soaked, only because I've fallen flat into several saucers of milk. All these cats are nearby, hissing and meowing up something awful, their ears flattening back against their heads. I've always been quite fond of cats… All I can muster are a few moans and mumbles, and I adjust my hanky over my face and finally meet eyes with Alex, who's perched by the door across the room. I eye all the pornographic works of art on the walls, always curious as to why this old cat lady, who seems very good-natured, would have such disgusting, graphic things like that up for decoration. All I can think is it representing how perverted the world has become, how violent and tainted everything is now, how sex is literally now a work of art. \"Surprise, surprise!\" Alex exclaims, merry-like. \"Our malenky govoreet through the letter hole earlier on was not, shall we say, satisfactory, yes?\" \"What the hell's going on?!\" the Cat Lady cries, wild eyed as she looks back and forth from me to Alex. \"Keep your distance, the both of you! You villainous young toads! I shall be forced to strike the both of you!\" For some reason I am on the brink of cracking up like no other, so I bite down so hard on my tongue that I'm sure I've pierced the skin. I'm sitting on my knees on the floor, one of my knees actually in a saucer of milk as I watch the scene before me. And that's when I see it – that giant, phallus sculpture sitting right beside Alex. He's surveying the room now, his head slowly glancing wayward until closer, closer… bam . His eyes land on the phallus sculpture. And that's when he goes, \"Naughty, naughty, you filthy old soomka!\" I cannot help but burst into outrageous giggles and practically double over on the carpet. \"Now listen here you little bastards! Turn around and go back the way you came!\" Alex's eyes cannot peel themselves away from the phallus sculpture, entranced by the thing. His hand reaches towards it. \"Don't touch it! It's a very important work of art!\" the Cat Lady cries, very concerned over the sculpture. This just kills me, it nearly does. Slowly he starts to reach out for it again, ignoring the Cat Lady's protests as he pokes it and watches it rock back and forth, back and forth, completely hypnotized. \"What is that you want?!\" the Cat Lady cries impatiently. \"To be perfectly honest, madam,\" says Alex, finally breaking his gaze from the sculpture, \"our school is have a competition as to who can sell the most magazines,\" Alex explains. After that I honestly cannot stop laughing. I feel like I'm having a breakdown, no control whatsoever over my body. \"Cut the shit !\" the Cat Lady cries. And soon it's as if I'm not really there, but it's almost like I'm sitting in front of the TV, just watching the movie all over again. Soon the two of them are dancing around, this bizarre sort of edgy ballet, Alex balancing the phallus sculpture in front of him while the crazy Cat Lady moves round him with the Beethoven bust, failing at attempting to strike him. The world can end and I won't notice. I'm doubled over now, my head in the carpet as I laugh and laugh and laugh. And then suddenly a peculiar pain sort of ignites in my arm, and I realize that it's one of the cats, and I've suddenly come back to earth. They've jumped right onto my arm, claws and jaws dug right into my skin, and my sudden reaction to them is all bezoomny like. I'm up on my feet, running around, trying to shake this cat off as if they were those crabs that have pinched your fingers. But they won't let go. And soon I'm stumbling into more saucers of milk, lying about on the floor, slipping and sliding and crashing into more cats. I hear wild hisses and cries and \"Waaah!\"s and I'm just about ready to actually hurt one of the cats –who've all pounced onto me, biting, and scratching – which is something I've never done in my life. Believe me, I'm a cat person. But these cats, so devotional to their mistress, have gone completely haywire on me. And I can barely see where I'm going. I'm just this floppy ragdoll, shaking about and running everywhere. And that's when I fall right behind the Cat Lady, her body tripping right over me as her feet go flying up and she falls backwards onto the floor. And while I'm crawling on all fours, Alex sort of climbs right on top of me, the phallus sculpture raised over his head, and he brings it crashing down right onto the Cat Lady. Her scream nearly causes my heart to explode. I'm back. And I don't like what's happening. I can feel blood running across my skin from all the injuries from the damn cats. And then this silence sort of fills the room. The cats all seem to scamper away from the scene, the death filling the room like a disease. Her body still rests against me from her fall, her leg kind of twitching in an abnormal way against my shoulder. My ears are so sharp that I can already hear the sirens approaching. I slowly cock my head to the side in order to try and see Alex, but to also avoid the state of the Cat Lady. Alex is frozen for a moment, clutching the giant phallus sculpture, and then he suddenly stumbles backwards and into me. He seems to be in shock. I finally realize how to control my limbs again, and sort of grab him and drag us to the door, unable to breath with that hanky still covering my mouth. I can't really think, and I don't want to look back at the Cat Lady, and all I want to do is just get the hell out. I've got Alex by the arm, crying \"Go go go!\" Alex abandons the sculpture and doesn't fight me anymore as we both kind of charge out of the room. We find stairs that lead downwards and we take them four at a time. We come across the entrance hall, one that is familiar to me because of the film. Alex beats me to the front door, and just as he opens it, I realize something that I've completely forgotten. He steps out on the front terrace before I can protest, though, and exclaims to his friends, \"C'mon, let's go!\" \"Not you, brother,\" says Dim. \"You'll be staying.\" And that's when Dim belts the bottle of milk right at Alex's nose, this crash of glass and white liquid flying everywhere. \"I should not like what you've done to me, brother!\" I'm still taken off guard by the sight, nearly dying of a heart attack, still unable to breathe right even with the hanky removed from my face. Alex collapses to the ground, sobbing and hollering like crazy as his so-called droogs take off. I'm standing there, wondering what to do, the sound of the sirens coming closer and closer. \"Oh, God! Oh, God!\" I cry. \"Mick?!\" I realize that he's been standing there the whole time, staring at the two of us with wide eyes. \"What do we do?\" I ask him. \"W-we… we can't just leave him, can we?\" \"But… that's how the story goes!\" says Mick. \"But, I mean…\" is all I can muster. The sirens are coming closer. I can't even think. \"C'mon!\" And before I know it, I'm grabbing one of Alex's arms and hoisting him over my shoulder. \"The rozzes are coming! Those grazhny basterds! I'm blind! Me glazzies! I'm blind! \" Alex belts. Mick kind of bends over awkwardly and grabs Alex's bowler hat and cane that have been abandoned on the ground, looking like some young, petrified child. \"Mick, help me! C'mon!\" And then Mick grabs Alex's other arm and heaves his other side, and together the three of us trek off as fast as we can, the red and blue lights coming into view. And while we run off, my mind still on fast-forward and my body in a state of shock, I still cannot help but ask myself… What have I done? First of all, I'm really sorry about the amount of time it took to post this chapter! To be honest, the reason I came back to it was because last night I had a dream about Alex! I was having a party or something, and he came to the door and when I opened it, I literally jumped in his arms and was like \"Alex!\" and he smiled at me and we were both so happy to see each other, as if we were old friends. It was so bizarre. But anyways, that got me thinking about this story again, and I'll admit that it has been hard to write, but I figured that I owed it to you all to post another chapter. And here it is! Let me know what you think! Thanks for reading! - Plainsong30[Chapter 8] Hi hi hi there! I am so very sorry about the long wait I put you through in updating this story. That was so not cool of me. Very uncool. I am just about the uncoolest person in the history of the world. You can't get any uncooler than that. But being uncool is not an excuse! I don't usually abandon stories, so eventually I will finish this story! Eventually. It might take a while. But as for now, here's the next chappie! Enjoy you beautiful people! Thanks for being so patient and for your lovely reviews! - Plainsong30 We're heading right for the forest, Mick and I practically galloping like horses as we attempt to drag the whining Alex in between us. He's still pissing and moaning about his glazzies, not even understanding what's going on around him. \"Those sodding basterds! They left me!\" \"Go go go!\" is all I can muster, breathing heavily, already out of breath and wishing I were more in shape. We keep heading further and further into the forest. I keep telling Alex to shut up, and at first he doesn't listen, but finally he gets the program once I kind of clap him on the back of the head. That same question is still floating through my mind. What've I done? What've I done? \"Oh, shit. Oh, shit, man. We're dead. We're so dead. Anthony Burgess and Stanley Kubrick are both rolling over in the graves. Their ghosts will be after us. It'll be like 'Paranormal Activity' or some shit. We're dead. They're gonna haunt us till the end of time. Oh, God, what've I done?\" is all I can say. \"Easy does it!\" says Mick. \"Keep moving. Keep going. We gotta get away from here.\" \"And go where? Where are we gonna go?!\" I ask. \"This was your idea, kid,\" Mick answers. \"I wasn't the one who grabbed Alex and bolted for the forest.\" I'm feeling quite miserable and angry and depressed kind of, my mind still a little haywire, coming off the weed and moloko and all. I've been staring down at my feet for quite some time, and when I look up, I suddenly see a very thick tree branch bent horizontally and headed right for us. All I can do is cry out \"DUCK!\" and I duck so quick, that if I'd gone any faster I probably would've turned to butter. Honestly. But suddenly we come to a hard halt, and I realize that someone banged their head on the tree branch anyways, even though I'd given a nice, loud warning. \"Damn it, Mick! I thought I told you to duck!\" I cry impatiently. \"I did !\" Mick answers in a whiney tone. I look up and realize that it is Alex who has not ducked, and his neck is doubled backwards, completely passed out. \"Aww, shit,\" is all I can muster, barely able to see now in the darkness. \"Stupid idiot! I told him to duck!\" \"Yeah, well he's pretty goddamn blind at the moment,\" Mick tells me. We pause for a moment, the two of us huffing and puffing, Alex sound asleep between us. \"Shit!\" I cry, wondering what to do next with our unconscious friend. \"What are we gonna do?!\" \"Well…\" says Mick. \"It looks like we've made it a good ways, so I think we can stop now.\" He sort of drops Alex right off his shoulder and leaves me with all the weight. I take in a sharp breath of air as I attempt to take Alex's weight by myself, but the two of us nearly fall over onto the ground. \"At least that shut him up,\" I say, gently resting Alex into a pile of leaves. In the moonlight that makes its way through the trees, I can make out his sleeping face. His eyebrows sort of angle upwards in peacefulness and his mouth is slightly ajar, making him look several years younger. Everyone seems to look younger when they sleep. The only thing is that his face is drenched with blood. I reach up for the hanky that's now hanging around my neck and yank it off, attempting to mop up some of the mess on Alex's bruised face. \"Maybe he'll get like amnesia or something,\" Mick kind of hoots, back into his old faze of just having a good time. \"Maybe he'll wake up and be like… who am I?\" \"Fat chance,\" I mock, tossing the soiled hanky onto Alex's chest, then sitting down beside him. I don't realize until I sit down how exhausted I am, my heart just about had it with all the powerful beating and adrenaline rushes it'd gone through earlier. \"I'm fucking freezing.\" Mick takes a seat in front of me, leaning back on his hands as he stretches his legs out. We must sit there for about ten minutes straight, not saying anything and just staring off into space. I eye the unconscious Alex, wondering what may happen once he wakes up. \"What's it gonna be then, eh?\" Mick asks me. I don't answer him as I lay back and try to make myself comfortable, wrapping my arms around my frozen body and curling up into the fetal position. Everything hurts – all the scratches and bites from the Cat Lady's cats are stinging and burning even. I'm forced to use the crook of my arm as a pillow, and I force myself to close my eyes. I just need to sleep. All that this insomniac is asking for is some good old fashioned sleep. XxXxX I stir suddenly where I lay and immediately regret it, my stiff body meeting with the cold once more. Only now it's lighter out. It happens again where I don't remember where I am at first, and there's a slight moment of panic, but eventually everything comes back to me. I kind of quickly sit up and look over to where I thought Alex might be laying, but he's gone. I look around, bewildered, and suddenly hear a soft singing not too far off. \" I'm singing in the rain… just singing in the rain… what a glorious feeling… I'm happy again…\" I gulp as I stand up and peer around the trunk of a tree, and about ten feet away Alex has his back to me, one hand leaning against a tree while he uses the other to relieve himself. He's singing that lovely Gene Kelley song that I once had to sing with my school choir in about fifth grade. About a thousand years ago it felt like. He does his awkward little squat once he's finished, probably shaking himself to death before zipping up and turning towards me. I immediately retreat back behind the tree once he's caught site of me, embarrassed. \"Naughty, naughty!\" Alex calls. \"Was thou viddying me? If thou wants to viddy me, all thou has to do is ask, love.\" He appears around the side of the tree then with his bowler hat back on, but his suspenders hang limply by his waist, his white clothes a complete mess with blood and dirt. Dirt was something that I knew Alex wouldn't be happy about. His face is cleaner than it was before, but now there's kind of a purplish lump on his left temple. He leans beside me against the tree, this lopsided grin on his face. I'm surprised that he hadn't tried anything on my unconscious body during the night. \"Had some nice spatchka, eh?\" I don't answer him as I adjust myself and rub my eyes, feeling like such shit. I've got a pounding headache, I haven't showered in the past two days, all the scratches from the goddamn cats are killing me, and I'm hungry as fuck. \"You still blind as a bat?\" I ask him. He brings himself closer to me, almost too close for comfort. I'm afraid to do anything about it, though. \"Not quite. The red red kovvy's gotten all over me platchies, though, as you can viddy,\" he says, his tone not too happy. \"Where are the others then?\" \"Don't you remember what happened last night?\" \"Of course I do. I wasn't sure if they'd like decided to show up all of a sudden,\" he says. \"Nope,\" I say. I glance over at Mick who's sleeping like a baby, lying in a position that almost looks uncomfortable. \"Grazhny bratchnies. Grazhny sodding basterds, thou art,\" he says, sort of shaking his head in disapproval. \"My own droogies left me, love. I'm still trying to believe it all.\" He stands there and shakes his head more, staring off into space, a look I'd never really seen on the likes of Alex before. Being abandoned by his friends like that did take somewhat of a toll on him. \"Well, c'mon. Don't be like that. Mick and I didn't leave you, did we?\" I say. \"No. True droogies thou art. True droogies, with true love for lovely Ludwig van, as I so remember thou govoreeting of.\" I get a little bit nervous when he says that, because honestly, I wasn't that big of a fan of Beethoven. But if it makes Alex like Mick and I more, then hell, I'd listen to Beethoven all day. \"Thanks,\" I say, actually returning a genuine smile. \"So… what's next?\" \"What's next is I get back at those sodding bratties, that's what,\" he answers. \"Rassodock explaining to me what this large like lump is I've got on the gulliver? Can't quite remember where that came from.\" \"Oh… that was an accident,\" is all I can say. \"Sorry.\" It was a real awkward morning. Real fucking awkward. \"So I kind of saved your ass last night? Didn't I?\" I say, a sudden idea popping into my head. Since I \"owed\" Alex so, so much, maybe this would pull me out of his debt. \"Like the way you saved mine with Billyboy.\" As soon as I say it though, I'm not really sure that I should've. This look appears on his face that I've recognized before – it's that same look that covered his features when he finds his three droogs, waiting for him in his apartment flat. At first it's straight-faced and almost angry, and then slowly a smile kind of stretches across his cheeks. My pulse increases a little bit. \"Is that so my sladky devotchka?\" he asks. He suddenly takes another step closer to me, raising one arm above my head as he leans in closer. Our faces are inches apart, and he's so close that I'm scared he can hear how fast my heart is beating. \"Yes,\" I say. \"Actually.\" \"I will skazat that without your lovely like rescuing from last nochy, I would not be here.\" Thank God! \"Although…\" Shit. \"It's not as if our lovely consensual agreement is on hold. As I recall, love, thou already agreed to that malenky bit. So I believe our truce is still in order.\" \"But…\" is all I can mumble, fumbling with my fingers. \"That's… that's not fair!\" \"Of course it is,\" he says. \"In fact, it's about time we started with that bit, eh? We could even look at it as sort of like my repayment to you , anyhow. How's that Sofia, love?\" I hold my breath as he stares at me, that intense look in his eyes that sends goose-bumps all over my body. I'm still frozen as he continues to lean on his one hand, his other reaching up to sort of cup my chin and force me to look up at him. It's in that moment that my brain starts to sort of whir. All those memories of watching A Clockwork Orange or reading the book begin to flood through my mind. Alex was an anti-hero, a merciless one at that, but I'd always been fascinated by him, and in the film… maybe a little bit attracted to him, too. But the problem was that he scared the living shit out of me. And to be wrapped up in his arms, and quite vulnerable at that, was not good. I'm scared, and I'm terrified, and I'm also… succumbing. \"It's just like the ole moloko-plus, love. Right right?\" he says. I can only nod back mechanically. And now he leans in all the way, his mouth touching mine, pressing against mine so hard that it nearly suffocates me. But I don't mind it. In fact, I start to kiss him back, my arms sort of reaching up and wrapping around his neck. He's pushing me against the tree, his tongue entering my mouth, his teeth nipping at my lips. His hands are reaching up under the back of my shirt, pressing our waists together so tightly it's absolute madness. And then it sort of hits me like a big, tolchock in the face. I'm kissing Alex. I'm kissing Alex fucking DeLarge. I think there's something wrong with this bizarre, dreamy looking picture. Ahem. I hope that satisfies you! For now anyways. I proofread this chapter (I know there's still probably spelling/grammar mistakes in there, I'm terrible at proofreading my own work) and could not help but laugh uproariously when I got to the end. I don't know why. It's kind of ridiculous to me, maybe because I made it sort of like a trashy-romance-novel-esque type. I hope you didn't see it that way! I definitely did, that's why I laughed so hard. I figured I owed all you readers a kiss from Alex! Muah! One from me too. :) Stay tuned! Thanks for reading! And tell me what you thought of that kiss. - Plainsong30[Chapter 9] Hi hi hi there! I am so, so sorry (appy-polly-loggies) but I was a bit stumped for a while when it came to writing this story, so I kind of stopped writing it... But I got the juices flowing again and ta-dah! A new chapter for you oh-so-patient lovely readers who I owe all the credit to for motivating me to continue to write! Thank you, thank you! Sorry it's taken a while for me to update. I don't expect you to forgive me, because it's honestly taken quite a while, and I'm really, really sorry! But enjoy this chapter everyone! Thanks for your supportive comments and reviews! :) - Plainsong30 I feel a moan escape my own mouth, now so hungry for Alex that it's insatiable. I wrap my arms snugly around his neck, yearning for more than just that kiss as he hugs me tighter to him. I allow him for a second to pull away from me. \"Doest thou like it, Sofia, love,\" he whispers into my mouth, \"when I do this?\" I feel one of his hands reach behind my neck and begin to play with my hair, while the other reaches back behind my thigh, pulling my knee up beside his waist. Our stomachs are moving against each other. I gasp for air and let out another whimper whilst Alex chuckles in reply. Oh my God. \" Whatsahappenin?\" In that instant I remove my hands from Alex and leap as far as possible away from him. Mick has just sat up, rubbing his and yawning loudly, like some freakin' lion escaped from the zoo. \"G-good morning!\" I chirp, as if I'm a marine ready for duty. I peek over at Alex, only to see an expressionless look on his face. I cannot read him, which scares me. \"Hello,\" is all Mick can muster. He looks around for a little bit, as if forgetting where we are, then finally stands up and reaches into his jacket pocket. All I can do at this point is stare at the ground shyly, my cheeks a flaming red color as I try to stop thinking about what Alex was doing – or going to do – to me earlier. Just the thought drives me crazy, and I'm not sure if it's crazy with lust or… crazy with fear. \"So,\" I say out loud. I don't know why the hell I said that. I shouldn't have, because Mick looks up at me and pauses after searching through his pockets, giving me a funny glance. \"So,\" he repeats back to me. He looks over at Alex, who immediately takes the opportunity to be his old self again. \"Hi hi hi there, my little droogie. I was so well informed earlier by our little sister that thou saved my plott real horrorshow. Plucked me right from the rozzes, didst thou not?\" \"Oh yeah. You should've been there,\" Mick starts, then realizes his error. \"I mean… you should've seen us, dragging your ass clean through the forest.\" \"Such sammy droogies thou art,\" Alex answers, crossing his arms and smiling all wide and big for Mick. \"Better than thy so-called droogs and their false filliness. To hell with thou! In fact, our new act of order should be to find the sodding bastards, and get a real horrorshow drat in with thou. Give thou the idea of who not to filly with.\" Alex has got this huge grin on his face, thinking that getting back at his old friends is probably the grooviest idea you can ever think of. Mick and I, on the other hand, are exchanging \"Not ah, no way\" looks to each other. I saved Alex's skin from the police, but what are we suppose to do with him now? \"I think we should call it a day,\" I simply say. \"I think… it's time we all head home. Especially you.\" I point to Alex when I say that last part, knowing I probably sound like a total mom, but can't think of anything better to say. He simple tsk-tsks at me in response. \"Since when didst thou lovely devotchka become such a bezoomny baboochka?\" Alex asks me with a chuckle. \"I am not… a bezoomny baboochka!\" I protest defiantly, nearly stamping my foot. I can't remember for sure if baboochka means \"old lady\", but I have a pretty good hunch. \"Well then come dearest,\" Alex replies, embracing me with a strong arm around my shoulders. My stomach lurches and my heart nearly explodes through my ribcage. I can feel his body heat mingling with mine. \"Such choodessny adventures await thou.\" We begin walking, God knows where, through the forest. \"I don't know about you, man,\" Mick says behind us, \"but I'm a bit fagged right now. I'm a little tired, man. I think I'm gonna go home.\" I wonder if Mick has lost his marbles or something and realizes that we've no home to go to. Alex, obviously, isn't aware of this, and reacts to Mick's statement so quickly that it scares me. \"Be off then, O my brother! Uncle will take care of Sofia love for thou. Some hound-and-horny fillying we shall be up to on this lovely gooly, eh?\" \"What?!\" Mick replies skeptically, his ears perking up at the sound of \"hound-and-horny.\" He wasn't the only one. I wasn't sure if maybe I should succumb further into Alex's arms or take off for China. \"Oh, nothing, brother, nothing! Exhausted, art thou?\" Alex asks him. \"Perhaps a bit of fuel will get you started back up real horrorshow, eh?\" \"I mean… I guess,\" Mick answers sheepishly. \"I guess I could use, like… some scrambled eggs or something, man.\" \"That's the spirit!\" Alex cries, his arm now around Mick's shoulders as well. We were now the three amigos, treking through the wilderness, two out of the three of us wondering how things might get possibly worse. \"Lomticks of toast and eggiweg!\" I'm actually a bit thrilled about the idea of having breakfast with Alex. I picture some cute fifties-looking diner, a waitress offering coffee as we smile at each other across a booth. And then Mick kind of snorts on the other side of Alex and I kind of loose my fantasy. Not to mention that going on a nice, sweet date with Alex DeLarge is probably nonexistent. Eventually we make it out of the forest, our walk now nothing but silence. I haven't anything to say and neither do Mick or Alex. But there are certain things that Alex does that I can't help but overthink. The way he touches my arm, the way we exchange glanes. I don't know whether to feel excited or scared the few times he looks over at me and winks, wondering if I should feel like a smitten schoolgirl or perhaps a trapped fly. The possibilites are endless with Alex. Though I know what to expect from him, I still feel an unpredictable feeling that makes me more anxious than ever. We avoid the Cat Lady's house as we walk further back into town, passing by shops with owners who stare at us skeptically, almost in a frightening way as well. I know was it's like to be discrimated as a youngster, prowling about the isles of gas stations with friends as cashiers eye us suspiciously. Now as I walk with Alex, I feel as if I have a power that I didn't have before. Just the three of us together scared people. We are feared. We are the out-of-control, uncivilized generation. We control everyone. \"After you, Sofia, love,\" Alex says to me, holding the door open to a swingy looking diner. It's pretty average and cheap looking. I smell coffee and breakfast food, like bacon sizzling on the grittle. My stomach lets out an audible gurgle. I'm starving. We take a booth in the far back. I pull into the seat and Mick sits down opposite me. Alex decides to pull in beside me, and I don't move a muscle, wondering why now I'm so nervous when I'm near him. That's an understatement… I'd always been nervous around Alex. Now I was like a cat in a room full of rocking chairs, so on edge that I might jump from the sound of a pin dropping. \"What'll it be then, loves?\" a waitress asks us as she approaches. Her voice has a bit of an edge to it, staring us down with unwelcoming eyes, assuming that we're up to no good on this peachy morning. \"A lomtick of toast with a side of jammiwam if you will. Dva eggiwegs, and… give us a gazetta as well.\" \"All right,\" she answers, turning to Mick. \"Uh… lemme get some bacon. Four slices of bacon. And I'd like toast too. Only with peanut butter. And some scrambled eggs. Two of 'em. Erm… dva eggiwegs. Por favour,\" Mick says, sinking low into his booth, his hair going into his eyes as he nearly falls asleep. I'm not feeling fried food at the moment, so I order a bowl of oatmeal and feel like doing the same thing as Mick. I lay my face on the table and close my eyes, too scared to look Alex in the eye and really, really just dreaming of some good old fashioned sleep. I can't relax anymore though once I feel Alex's hand slip onto my knee. He lets his hand rest there for a moment as he props his feet up onto the seat next to Mick's, who's eyes do not open at all. He looks like he's totally passed out. My heart races as my eyes open. I slowly sit up, afraid to look over at Alex and give him a look to stop it. But I don't. Maybe it's because I'm too scared to say no, but… maybe it's also because I don't want him to. He rubs and caresses my knee for a moment, and I relax as I lean back, staring down at his arm. I peek over at him very quick. He peeks back at me the same way, a small smirk playing at his lips. My cheeks turn beet red as I turn to look out the window. That's when his hand slowly inches up my leg and towards my inner thigh, still rubbing, still caressing. I think Oh my God, oh my God , as I try to avoid dying right in the diner, wondering if I should succumb or move his hand away. I go with the second option, my hand groping for his as I push his hand away and grip it firmly. He only chuckles in response. \"Here's the newspaper,\" the waitress says as she appears, tossing the local paper onto our table. \"You kids need-\" She pauses strangely as her eyes focus on something on the front of the newspaper. Then she looks back up at the three of us, Mick now yawning and stretching. \"Foods on the way,\" she says, looking a bit more anxious than before. Then she quickly walks off, something I find quite odd. \"What's the matter with her?\" Mick asks. I shrug my shoulders in response. Alex doesn't think much of it at all as he pulls his hand away from mine in order to read the newspaper. The headline immediately catches my eye. WOMAN BRUTALLY MURDERED – SUSPECT IDENTIFIED My eyes bulge from my head as I scroll through the article faster than lighting, the story describing the turn of events not too different from the previous night. And the suspect had been identified by three young men, who claim to have seen him at the doorstep of the old woman's house earlier that night. A photograph was provided. It was Alex… \"Oh, shit,\" is all I can murmur. That's what the waitress got all freaked out about. I look over at Alex, who is looking a little drained of color as he too reads the headline. Quickly I glance behind us to see the waitress talking on the phone, peering over at us occasionally. She hangs up swiftly and goes back to work like nothing ever happened. \"We're ittying,\" Alex murmurs, grabbing me by the arm and forcing me to stand up. \"Wake up, thou gloopy bastard!\" Mick blinks and rubs his eyes. \"What, is the bacon here?\" \"C'mon!\" I cry to him gently, pulling him from the booth. We're about to dash for the exit when two police officers enter the diner. The waitress approaches them quickly. She points directly at us. \"Turn 'round,\" Alex orders, nearly crashing into me. \"Go, go!\" There's nowhere else to go besides the kitchens. I shove the confused Mick in front of me and through the swinging kitchen doors. The cook yells at us madly as we run past him, bumping into empty fry pans and cutting boards with onions and peppers on them. Food clatters to the floor and the sound of crashing pots rings in my ears, almost louder than the sound of \"STOP! POLICE!\" I'm sprinting as fast as I can behind Mick now, Alex following close behind as we burst through the back exit of the diner. We're racing down an alley now, approaching a ten foot tall wired fence which looks less than appealing. Oh shit, oh shit , is all I can think as we run closer and closer to the fence. I suck at climbing fences. I'm terrible at climbing fences. Mick hops over it like a frickin' cat. I'm having a lot of trouble just taking the first step up. \"Here, have a noga up, love. Quickly!\" Alex tells me, bending down so I can climb up on his knee. I don't argue for his assistance, and quickly haul myself up towards the top of the fence. I've got one leg over as the police burst out the back door of the diner, racing straight towards us. Alex is hardly half-way up the fence. \"Hurry Alex!\" I cry, my other leg climbing over the fence. He's not quick enough though. He just makes it halfway once the police get there, grab him and yank him back to the ground. I watch them struggle as I cry Alex's name, feeling Mick's hand grab me and yank me down towards the ground. I lose my balance as I fall, still screaming for Alex. I expect to feel for the hard, tar road beneath us. Only it's not as hard as I realize. In fact, it's quite soft and furry feeling. It's then that I realize that I'm laying in grass that hadn't been there before. The sound of Alex and the struggling cops is gone. The only sound is a morning dove in the distance and Mick rasping beside me, my own breathing heavy and uneven. \"Wait…\" I say, looking around. We aren't in an alley anymore. We're laying beside a fence that surrounds the neighborhood baseball field. \"What the hell?\" I take in the field and the familiar street sign beside us and sit up on my knees, my breath a cold, morning fog before my face. The grass is wet from an overnight storm and dampens my jeans. The silence is too eerie to take in. I know this field, and this street, and the crisp smell of morning in the air. I look over at Mick to see a look of astonishment on his face as we both think the same thing. We were home. Mick and I were home. In the real world. The only thing was that it was only Mick and I. Alex was nowhere in sight, and neither were the cops that were pursuing him. A lump forms in my throat that makes me slightly nervous. We were home all right. But what happened to Alex? THE END APRIL FOOL'S! I am totally kidding. This story is far from over. In fact, I have a few more chapters written out, so I'll be posting them soon! Sorry, I had to do the April Fool's trick, even though when you read this it probably won't be the 1st of April anymore. I also owe credit to the lovely Nova Sinfonia, who gave me some great ideas for where to take the story in the next few chapters! Thank you! And of course thanks to all of you guys for sticking around for the ride and reading this story! Even though it's taken me forever! Sorry! x) Let me know what you think! - Plainsong30[Chapter 10] I'm staring at what feels like the same fence, expecting to still see Alex on the other side, helplessly trying to climb up as the cops behind him yank him backwards. But he isn't here. There isn't anybody here. We are on the outside of the fence that separates the road from the neighborhood baseball field. My neighborhood . \"Holy shit…\" is all I can mumble to myself, one-and-one becoming two in my brain as I take in that familiar baseball field. I couldn't care less about sports. Now all I want to do is sprint across that field in bursts of joy and celebrate my return. \"Damn, we're back!\" Mick exclaims out loud, standing up and brushing the dirt off his jeans. He still had a hell of a job to finish up though – his cheeks were dirty and I knew he probably smelt ripe and due for a shower. I probably am no different. \"But… how? What happened to Alex?\" is all I can answer. I'm happy. In fact, I'm ecstatic. We were stuck there for much too long, warped into a made-up place that was beginning to throw off my view of fiction and reality. \"I don't know, kid,\" is all Mick answers. \"But we're back.\" I gaze at the baseball field, still expecting to see Alex, wondering what has happened to him, wondering if at this exact moment, he is wondering what has happened to us. \"But… where's Alex?\" \"I don't know… back in 'A Clockwork Orange' world?\" Mick answers. I bite my lip as I try to think and comprehend something that is too far from the grips of reality. \"I don't know if, like… we took some hallucinogens and just woke up here, or if all of that actually happened.\" \"Hallucinogens? You mean, like moloko-plus or something?\" I stare at Mick long and hard before rolling my eyes. \"No, Mick, not fucking moloko-plus! I'm talking about LSD or something! Did you lace me with LSD? Huh?\" \"Christ, no! You kidding me?\" he asks, almost somewhat insulted by the question. \"You think I'm crazy or something? I don't do that shit, no sir…\" He continues murmuring to himself as I cross my arms and gaze around, my eyes traveling over the now lightening horizon – it's early morning from the looks of it. Why we ended up back here, I've no clue. But it's when my eyes land on a familiar looking car that I feel another wash of relief. \"Tracker!\" I cry, bolting across the bank of grass to the street. My black two-door Tracker is waiting for me like some long lost pet, and I'm so happy to see it that I literally throw myself over the hood and kiss the windshield, leaving lip prints behind in the process. \"My baby!\" \"Hey, we got a ride home! Whaddya know?!\" Mick hoots, approaching the passenger door. \"We're, like, fucking Irish right now or something, honey! We are so damn lucky!\" \"This is just plain bizarre,\" I comment, digging for my keys as I climb inside. For a moment though, I hold my tongue and stick the key in the ignition, anticipating a false start-up. Only the engine comes to life so quickly that I can hardly belive it. \"Fucking unbelievable!\" I cry, blowing a kiss to the heavens as I take off down the road. \"This is a miracle!\" \"Kid, look! It's still today! Erm… I mean… it's the same day as that night!\" Mick tells me. \"What?\" I say, confused about his choice of words. \"What do you mean?\" \"The date hasn't changed. My phone's working again, too,\" Mick tells me. \"It's the same night as when we first met Alex. That night you picked me up from the party? You know, the house with the lion statues?\" I don't believe him at first and have to check his phone to make sure. He's right. The date is the same. According to the time on the phone, I should've picked Mick up from that party only about three hours prior to this… \"That's weird,\" is all I can answer. \"That's honestly really weird.\" \"Nah, kid. That's magic, that's what that is,\" Mick replies matter-of-factly, sticking his phone back in his pocket. \"Hey, we should get some coffee! We should go to Caribou!\" \"But I don't drink coffee,\" I answer, my tone somewhat whiney. A feeling suddenly punches me in the stomach that is familiar and comforting – the feeling of being back to normal. Arguing with Mick about where to go for food, for example. It was almost as if nothing with Alex DeLarge had ever happened. \"Was it magic? Or did you, like, lace me up with some LSD or something?\" I ask Mick again. \"Seriously, did you give me something? How could we have possibly spent about… three or so days with Alex DeLarge? Huh? Tell me how that's possible?\" \"I thought we went through this, Sofia,\" Mick says with a sigh. \"You think I know? You think I understand why all that shit happened? Best answer I can honestly give is magic. And hell no, I did not lace you up with LSD, what kind of kid do you think I am?\" \"I don't know, you can be a total psycho sometimes, just saying,\" I answer. \"Yeah, I think I look like a flower-child hippie psycho compared to Alex DeLarge.\" I ease back in my seat as I start towards Caribou, unable to stop thinking about Alex. The way he spoke to me, the way he smiled – though it had been evil yet attractive at the same time – and the way he kissed me, the way he touched me… it wasn't like I missed all those things, but… \"Do you think there's still that Alex that we hung out with who's now being arrested by the cops, wondering what's happened to us?\" I look over at Mick skeptically as I explain it to him. \"You know what I mean right?\" \"Right,\" he says. \"And to answer honestly, probably. He probably got arrested.\" \"Shit.\" \"But, I mean, it's not like it's any different from what happens to him in the book and film,\" Mick explains to me. \"It's not like you have something to feel bad about. It's his own fault. He kills that Cat Lady, and his friends ditch him anyways and practically give him up to the cops. It's as if the story is going on the way it should have.\" \"But, I mean… you don't think us interfering like that and just popping up out of nowhere into that story is going to change… the actual story, do you?\" I ask him. I all of a sudden have a huge urge to drive us back home so that I can run inside and reread my copy of A Clockwork Orange and maybe re-watch the film as well, catching to see if Mick and I made an appearance. \"That's crazy talk,\" Mick answers. \"Us? Making an appearance in the story? That's cray-cray, Sofia… windows dooown! Windows dooown!\" I tuck away a stray hair as the cool morning breeze blows in through Mick's window. \"But…\" is all I can say. \"It's… I'm just… I'm confused! And weirded out!\" \"Take us to Caribou, good God. You need some caffeine or some shit.\" \"But Mick!\" My voice is whining again. \"Right, right! Take a right!\" He reaches over and grabs the steering wheel. \"I'm driving, get your hands off!\" \"Oh my God , Sofia, you missed the flipping turn ! You were suppose to turn !\" \"Chill out, kid, I can make a U -turn, you big baby.\" \"I'm chill. I'm chill as a cucumber. Chillest babe on the planet.\" \"Shut up, Mick, I'm driving! Besides, you ain't no babe.\" \"You ain't no baaaabe!\" he mocks in this loud, strange voice that always, always, always makes me laugh, no matter what mood I'm in. And I can tell you right now, I was hooting up a storm on the way to Caribou, my best friend by my side as I recover from a hangover from too much Alex DeLarge and not enough sleep. Mick sticks his whole head out the window like some crazy dog. I nearly grab him by the waist just to pull him back in. \"HONEY!\" he screams out the window. \"I'M HOME!\" XxXxX I wonder sometimes if I'll ever see Alex again. Weeks go by and nothing happens. Mick doesn't have any strange encounters and neither do I. I don't cross any magical portals or enchanted wardrobes or any shit like that (believe me, I've tried a couple times). Not that I wanted to go back into A Clockwork Orange , but the experience itself was entertaining, if not entirely bizarre and at times extremely terrifying. To say I had been wooed by Alex DeLarge with one kiss is the lamest thing on the planet. But I was. And I still am. And I think about him. All. The. Time. \"Baby, you need to smoke some weed. You need a draaank ! You need to stop thinking about all that!\" is what Mick always tells me, sometimes a bit too high for his own sake, going on with life as if our encounter with Alex DeLarge had never happened. I still haven't told Mick about how Alex and I kissed though. I don't know if I should. What kind of a girl kisses Alex DeLarge and enjoys it? Me. And I must have to be psychotic or something. Because Alex DeLarge is a sick boy, and I still love him to death… Mick has been trying really hard to get my mind off our little adventure. It's not that it's bothering me or anything, but it is becoming a little unhealthy. It's honestly all I can think about these days. I'm failing physics class, and I'm a whiz at math, so that's saying something. \"You know that guy, Dallas Rogers?\" Mick asks me one day after school in the Tracker. \"What? Is he from Texas or something?\" I ask, cracking up at my own lame pun. \"No, you big dork, he's from down south somewhere. Not Texas south, but south-south.\" \"What is south-south?\" I ask, my voice heavy with sarcasm. \"Will you just… okay, I guess you don't know who Dallas Rogers is,\" Mick replies, avoiding arguing with me. \"He's having a party tonight. It's in uptown. You should come with me.\" \"The kid's from south-south and he lives in uptown?\" \"He moved from south-south to uptown, okay?\" \"What is south-south?\" \"You're missing my point…\" \"You think I should go? Why?\" I ask. Mick knows I'm not much of a party person. It surprises me that he thinks I'd be interested. \"C'mon, kid. You gotta get your mind off that Alex DeLarge,\" he says to me. \"You're just so torn up over him. You can't stop thinking about him. I mean, I knew you loved him and all, but-\" \"I do not love him,\" I protest. \" Denial! Just like before,\" Mick tells me. \"I was awake that whole time, you know.\" \"What whole time?\" \" 'Oh, Sofia, love, my darling lost love, doest thou feel good when I do this?' \" Mick whispers in this pathetic British accent. He doesn't have to explain who it is he's mocking. I've turned a shade of brick red and just want to bury my face in my hands. \"You sneaky little bastard!\" I squeal, so embarrassed I could die. \"I can't believe you!\" \"I figured I'd better act like I was awake before you two fucked on the tree right there.\" \"We were NOT-\" I practically scream out the car window, \"going to do anything of the sort.\" \"Yeah, you say that, then Alex DeLarge has got you twisted around his finger and ka-blam… no pun intended.\" \"Oh, God, Mick, shut up !\" I wail. \"Don't be embarrassed!\" Mick just answers, the whole car finally going silent. \"Damn, Sofia's getting some action.\" \"Don't tell anybody.\" \"Pff. Yeah. Like anybody will believe me. 'Guess what?! Sofia hooked up with Alex DeLarge!'\" Hearing my name and Alex's in the same sentence like that sent goosebumps down my spine. I nearly crash the car I'm so distracted by my own thoughts. Mick has to grab the wheel and steer us into his driveway for me. \"Get a grip, kid. You know, I think it'll be really good for you if you go to that party tonight.\" \"You think so?\" \"Yeah, just go. What've you got to lose?\" \"Oh, shit. A lot of stuff,\" I murmur to myself. \"I'll come pick you up, okay?!\" he calls, climbing out of the car and heading inside his house. He doesn't wait for my answer as I sit there, drumming my fingers on the steering wheel, unable to stop thinking about Alex. XxXxX \"Who's ready to PAAAR-TAAAY!\" Mick nearly shatters my eardrums when we enter what's-his-face house who's got that city-name from Texas but isn't really from Texas. We're both soaked to the bone from the result of a raging storm going on outside. I'm dressed in biker boots, black leggings, and an oversized sweater, feeling maybe a bit too casual when I see all lot of girls dressed in skater skirts and cropped tops and heels. They don't seem to notice or care. A lot of them are already loaded. \"Sofia, they got Jell-O shots in the kitchen. Wanna try one?\" he asks me. \"I don't know,\" I murmur, glancing around at everyong with red plastic Solo cups, wondering if this is a good idea. \"Just tell me when you wanna go home, okay?\" he tells me gently. \"If you're not having fun-\" \"No, I'll be fine!\" I say, my cheeks going slightly pink. I feel kind of lame when Mick says that, and I know he's just being nice and I know he'd never make me do anything that I don't want to do, but… what the hell. \"Yeah! Let's do a Jell-O shot!\" I'm not even sure what that is. \"Yeah, baby!\" We pass through a crowded hall and Mick, being the big-cheese he is, has to hug several girls and give those bro-handshake-hug-thingies with a few guys, and finally we make it to the kitchen where there's so many people, I hook arms with Mick just to make sure we aren't separated. A good looking guy with no shirt on and just a cowboy hat is yelling out \"YEEE-HAAA!\" and carrying a tray full of different colored jell-o shots. Mick grabs one for him and I and we scoop it out with our fingers. I think I can taste the vodka… or whatever it is that's in there. \"It's good, huh?\" Mick asks me. \"It's all right.\" \"Hey, I'm gonna go outside and smoke real quick with James and the others. You wanna come?\" I just shake my head like I always do whenever he asks me. \"Nah, I'll be all right.\" \"Aight. If you can't find me call me or something, okay?\" I nod in reply, still not sure about coming to this party. I should've known that it would've been unavoidable to be separated from Mick. This is what happens at social gatherings. This is what happens to me at social gatherings anyways. I go with a friend who knows everyone and I don't know anybody. And then I'm left alone and I have to fend for myself by being social, something I always struggle with. Why do I have to be an outcast? Whyyy… Relief washes over me when I spot a girl who I'm more of an acquaintance with – rather than friends – at school. When I approach her she embraces me a little drunkly, her face flushed and her eyes glowing. I can't even remember her name. \"I didn't know you partied!\" she squeals in delight, her cropped top riding up and revealing a dazzling looking pierced belly button. \"I… yeah,\" is all I can say. I don't party. I needed to forget about Alex. And this is how I decided to do it. \"Not really.\" \"Oh, I gotchya,\" she says. \"You know, it's really not so bad. It helps you loosen up. It helps you relax. It helps you be social.\" She's talking like a frickin' robot or something, not standing quite straight either. I just nod and smile, nod and smile, wondering if maybe I should take another Jell-O shot just so I can loosen up like she says. A bottle of vodka followed by a bottle of Pepsi goes around. The girl who's name I cannot remember offers it to me, and I eye it skeptically for half a second and take a large gulp. I chug the chase of Pepsi like I've been in the desert for weeks – the vodka tastes awful. I already miss Mick at this point, and I can feel the eyes of an all right looking guy permanently staying on me. It's not really a great feeling. I pull away from the nameless girl and try to head back to the kitchen to get out the back door, but the guy I'm avoiding has already approached me. \"Hey cutie,\" he says. He's totally loaded. It's not the least bit attractive. \"Where you headed?\" \"Away,\" I answer. He grabs me by the arm, and I quickly pull it out of his grip. Where the hell is Mick? \"Oh, feisty are we?\" he asks me. \"Uh huh,\" I just say. This time I manage to get away. I'm not even fifteen minutes into the party and I'm already annoyed. Why can't I have a good time? Why can't I just be normal? I make it to the back door and push my way out. It's pouring like mad. But there's nobody out on the back patio. It's desolate and empty, just like me at the moment. How depressing. I stand beneath the edge of the roof and stare out at the darkened backyard. Momentarily lightning will flash and light up the darkness. A gust of wind bends the trees suddenly and a thunderclap shakes the whole house. I wrap my arms around me and think about the night that I came across Alex, that dark and stormy night… A huge lightning bolt like one I've never seen before cracks through the sky, the whole backyard lit with color. And for a second, just for a second, I think there's someone there – a boy struggling through the trees. A thunderclap is not far behind, and my whole body shakes from the sound, the house rumbling and the outdoor lights blinking. I can hear the music inside take a deadly end as the power goes out entirely. People are wailing in annoyance or wailing in excitement. I just roll my eyes and fumble for my phone, deciding not to care about being a party pooper and tell Mick I'm ready to go. And then my heart stops and I drop my phone on the patio deck. I watch as this boy, probably close to my age, struggles towards the patio. He climbs the stairs like some weak, helpless child, so soaked and wet that it nearly causes me to shed tears. He stares up at me, his long brown hair matted to his face, blood streaming down his nose and over his upper lip. His electric blue eyes meet mine and seem to glow in the darkness. I can hardly contain myself as his entire body gleams beneath another bolt of lightning. My mouth opens and cries out the one name that's been haunting my mind for ages. \"Alex!\" Oh heeey... so I know it's been a while, and I'm so sorry! I've just been enjoying summer, and working, and working, and summer... and I'm sorry! I'm really sorry! Sorry for my lame excuses. I'll try to post as quick as I can, okay? I love you all, and thank you so much for reading! I appreciate it so much, and I love hearing all your kind words about the story! - Plainsong30[Chapter 11] Hey there cuties! I know, it's been a while. And I'm sorry. I don't deserve to be forgiven, and I've already apologized to you numerous times. But hey, here's a chapter. Enjoy! And tell me your thoughts! Thanks for your previous reviews! You guys are so good to me. - Plainsong30 :D \"Oh, God! Alex!\" I rush towards him and grab him by the shoulders, heaving him up and looking at his bloodied face. \"What happened ? What are you doing here? How did you get here?\" \"D-Dim,\" he shudders. \"D-Dim and G-Georgie-boy. My… m-my old mates. They n-nearly drowned me.\" \"Those assholes!\" I cry, the very scene flashing before my eyes. \"Those jerks!\" Pity surges through me as I try to help him stand up, remembering how F. Alexander's bodyguard swept Alex right off his feet and carried him into the house. And here I couldn't even help Alex up the stairs. \"S-Sofia,\" he mumbles to me as I help him towards the back door. \"Y-you don't know h-how happy I am to see you right now.\" My heart honestly swells two sizes larger in that instant. I want to \"Awww\" out loud but keep my mouth shut, just feeling a smile spread across my lips instead. \"I'm really happy to see you too, Alex,\" I say, half-honest, half-confused about what in the hell he's doing here . In our world. In fact, where he should be right this instant is at F. Alexander's doorstep. Not the frickin' kid who's name is that one city from Texas, but he's not originally from Texas anyway… \"You're not hurt real bad, are you?\" I ask, propping the back door open. The music in the house blasts once again, the power returning as quickly as it had gone. Everyone turns and eyeballs us, the more sober kids asking us what in the hell happened, the drunk ones just going \"That's what I'm talkin' about!\" \"Excuse me, excuse me,\" I grow menacingly, daring to step on anybody's foot who decides to get in my way. Yeah, I'm that tough. \"Who's that kid?\" someone asks. \"Christ, look at that suit… bit out of style, ain't it, buddy?\" \"Leave him alone!\" I cry, shoving some little shrimp of a boy into the nearby couch. \"You wanna get blood on your shirt, kid? Then get outta my way!\" We finally make it upstairs and to the bathroom, and I order Alex to sit down on the toilet so I can have a look at him. I grab the bath towels available and wrap them around his soaked shoulders, wondering if its best that he just take his drenched clothes off altogether. Good excuse… \"You better get those clothes off,\" I tell him, half grinning to myself cheekily. He doesn't even react at the thought like I know he normally would have. It's then that I remember that he's… different. He's not the same Alex DeLarge. If he really did just get beaten up by Dim and Georgie like in the film, that means he's still under the Ludovico treatment. Which means, any sexual or violent urges that might brew up inside him are suppressed by that terrible sickness. So in other words… I'm sitting with the most gentle creature on earth. A person without choice, sadly. \"I'll be right back, okay? I'm gonna go find you some dry clothes.\" He seems a bit disillusioned and exhausted. I watch him stare down at the floor for a moment, not registering what I'm saying to him until he finally looks back up and nods. The poor guy… I leave the bathroom and sneak passed people in the hallway into what I think is the room of the kid who owns the house, the one with the city-name from Texas. I'm pretty sure it's Dallas, right? It's an ugly room. The walls are full of posters of death-metal bands and Playboy bunnies and a bunch of icky laundry everywhere. I hope to God that there's something suitable for Alex. At this point it doesn't really matter, but I manage to find a basic black t-shirt and a pair of denim jeans. They seem like Alex's size. If not… whatever. \"Can you hurry the fuck up in the bathroom?!\" this little turd says to me as I approach the bathroom door. \"You guys 'bout to fuck in there or something?\" \"Mind your own business, you little shit!\" I growl, smacking him upside the head with the t-shirt I carry. My cheeks turn fiery red just from his insinuations. \"And learn some goddamn manners!\" I sneak into the bathroom before the boy can say anything more and lock the door. Alex hasn't even frickin' changed out of his clothes. He's still a bit rattled, glancing up at me nervously as I enter the bathroom. \"C'mon, let's get you changed,\" I say gently. He's like a little kid, unable to speak after a fight that didn't go well, shell-shocked and worn out. He manages to pull off his jacket and I take it from him, hanging it over the shower rod and begin to help him remove his tie. I fumble with the knot, peering up at him to see how he's doing. He's got that expression on his face similar to the scene by the bridge, directly after having been disowned by his parents. \"Are you okay, Alex?\" I ask him, removing his tie. He looks up and meets eyes with me. \"I've been…\" he starts. He gulps and uses the back of his hand to push his hair out of his eyes. \"A lot of strange vesches have been happening to me, Sofia. I'm not really sure…\" \"It's all right,\" I say, remembering that this was the turning point for Alex. First he was kicked out of the house by his parents. Then, abandoned and alone, made his strange encounter with the homeless man, who attacked and robbed him of every last bit of his belongings. And then Dim and Georgie came along, like in the film, giving him a taste of his own medicine. Poor guy… I probably sound like a complete loon just from saying that. Others will believe he deserves it – and in a way he does – but of course not having his own choice or free will, that seems a little unfair to me. I begin to undo the buttons of his shirt and he pulls the rest off himself. To try to embarrass myself a little less, I throw a second towel around him so he's covered up. I can't help but rest my hands on his shoulders as I do, peeking at his exposed, skinny body, then quickly looking away as I reach for the other clothes. Silently he changes out of his trousers, then gathers the dry clothes and pulls them on slowly. We hang the rest of his wet clothes over the shower rod, and I know there's no guarantee that they'll be there when we get back. \"Rather odd sort of platties…\" Alex comments, stretching his arms out and staring down at the clothes he's wearing. \"A malenky bit out of style, eh?\" \"Mmm… you look good,\" I say. \"I think they're fine.\" He looks up at me and gives a smug grin. \"Thanks very much,\" he says, almost proud. He seems to be a little bit back to his old self. \"C'mon, there's a line outside. We'd better get out of here,\" I tell him, opening the bathroom door and nearly butting heads with that little turd from earlier. \"It's all yours,\" I say to the boy with a growl, pushing him aside as Alex follows. \"A rustic domy this is. Lots of molodoy lewdies out and about. Pyahnitsa lewdies.\" I try to figure out what in the hell \"pyahnitsa\" is, because I honestly can't remember. I realize it probably means drunk, because Alex immediately recoils from a boy probably around fourteen who looks like he's about to vomit all over the two of us. \"Eh? The fuck you say to me?\" the drunk fourteen-year-old growls at Alex, me having to step forward between him and Alex and try to explain. \"The kid not know English or something?\" \"Nope, he's my cousin from… Estonia.\" \"Did you just fuck your cousin from Estonia in the goddamn bathroom?\" the little turd that I now hate to death asks me. \"Do you want to die?!\" I nearly yell as I point a finger in his direction. \"My, my, thou never would've messeled that Sofia, love, knows of such like grazhny slovos,\" Alex comments, an amused grin spreading across his cheeks. \"C'mon,\" I say, now actually laughing as I grab Alex by the arm and drag him down the stairs. \"Never viddied a mesto like this odin here, love. Can't skazat that thou is in radosty. And the music… such oozhassny like music!\" He shakes his head, and I try to remember what \"oozhassny\" means. Drake's \"Pound Cake\" is blasting from the kitchen, and just by the look on Alex's face, I realize \"oozhassny\" is probably not a good compliment. \"Just be happy you're out of the rain,\" I tell him, wondering if we can find somewhere quieter to hang out. We get to the main floor and I can tell we're not going to have any luck. I think about the basement and see the stairs leading downwards in the far corner of the living room. \"Let's go this way.\" \"Quite happy to be dry and osooshed and warm. Never in my jeezny had I been so happy to viddy a like choodessny devotchka such as thou when I was stumbling through that baddiwad, storm.\" I feel my cheeks burn and my lips form into a smile as we start down the stairs, wondering when Alex turned into such a sweetie. I remember the Ludovicio treatment at that point though and wonder if he even has a choice in being so nice. Luckily the basement isn't as busy as the main floor. It's a bit quieter as well, and though it's probably more reserved for couples and that kind of lot, I pull Alex into a back guest bedroom. After all, I do have a few questions I need to ask him. \"So… Alex, what are you doing here?\" I ask him, watching as he sits down comfortably on the bed, bouncing a bit as he takes in its soft consistency. He reminds me of a little boy. \"Can't skazat that I have an answer for thou, love,\" he tells me, smiling as he leans back on his arms. \"Just… slipped and goolied right into here. Like the storm led Uncle straight to thou.\" \"Really?\" I ask, cocking an eyebrow as I sit down next to him. He's such a talker, a perfect gentlemen, able to woo any girl he wants, probably. \"But… you're in-\" I think about telling him that he's in the United States, but figure that's probably not a good idea. That would require a lot of explaining, and probably me sounding like a complete crazy person. Alex wouldn't believe me anyways… and how was I to explain that he is a fictional character, stepped out from the pages of a book, and into the world of reality? \"Home led me here,\" he explains to me. \"I was quite sure that 'home' belonged to a different mesto, odin that I cannot quite remember… but perhaps if I were to try extra hard and wrack me poor mozg…\" I didn't have to think twice about the place called \"Home\" that he was taking about. That was F. Alexander's home. But if he says he saw the sign before he stumbled upon me, he must have somehow entered our world directly before stumbling upon F. Alexander. But why ?! My thoughts are broken when I catch Alex staring at me, my cheeks turning pink in response. I can't help but get freakishly nervous around him. \"It's been a very long raz since we've last viddied each other, hasn't it?\" he asks me. \"Nearly dva years, love.\" My eyes widen as I remember how long Alex had really been in prison – two years. And here it'd only been a few weeks for me since the last time I'd seen him. What is going on…? \"Alex, I…\" I was about to say out loud to him that I missed him, but immediately closed my mouth, knowing what a foolish thing it was to say. Falling for a psychotic criminal? \"Come on,\" he says. \"What is it?\" \"Nothing.\" \"Skazat anything to Uncle, darling,\" Alex replies. \"I've been on my oddy knocky for quite some raz now. To have a malenky govoreet with a beautiful devotchka such as thou is no bother in my opinion.\" I am falling for his compliments like a gullible young schoolgirl. I can't help it. I remind myself that he has no choice in being himself any longer, but I want to believe him. I can't help but believe him. \"Let's slooshy that lovely goloss of thou, eh?\" I sigh out loud and look away from him, leaning beside him on the bed. Then I finally meet eyes with him and just decide to do it, crazy or not. \"I missed you, Alex,\" I say. \"I missed thou as well,\" he responds very quickly. \"In fact, thou owes me an explanation. From what Uncle remembers, though, just… poof. Thou was gone. Disappeared like. And with no explanation for poor Alex.\" \"I know,\" I say, feeling so guilty about it as he brings it up. \"And I'm really sorry. I couldn't help it though. It was just… something I couldn't control. I didn't mean to leave you like that. I'm so sorry!\" I bite on my lip in embarrassment and guilt, hoping that maybe he might forgive me. I expect him to be angry or aggressive, but when I stare up at him, he doesn't have any of those features lingering on his face. In fact, he looks quite content. \"Many odd vesches I had gone through over the years, love. Years that will probably be etched within my mozg for the rest of my jeezny. After being snatched by the rozzes like that, and after viddying you just like disappearing right before me glazzies, things went very downhill, Sofia, love. I was guilty of murder, of murdering the Cat Lady that is, sentenced to nearly fourteen years in the staja. Can thou viddy a vesch like that, love? Your lovely Alex becoming a plenny, with no like droogs, and completely on his oddy-knocky… my so-called droogs. They were the reason I ended up in that like oozhassny mesto. \"And never in my jeezny whilst being locked away in that staja had I ever felt so very much betrayed, love, so very much alone. Your Alex was clopped and brosayed by all kinds of grazhny sods, chassos as well as other like plennies. \"I knew that I had to escape from that merzky staja, and the messel that kept me going was of thou, love. Thou's lovely litso in my rassodock, that soft goloss and choodessny like glazzies imprinted within my gulliver.\" My face has now turned a shade so dark that I feel my cheeks heating. Is he telling the truth? Had he really been thinking about me all that time while he was in prison? \"And an opportunity presented itself before Uncle Alex, love. It was the Ludovicio treatment that cured me entirely, that allowed me my like freedom. I'm completely reformed, love!\" he exclaims in what seems to be a happy manner, although I'm not convinced. \"Though my first day of freedom was not, like, quite what I expected, all is grand now. Now that I've found thou.\" I'm speechless as I sit beside him, listening to the words that slide right out of his mouth, not knowing if I can trust him. But after a moment's thought I realize then that I am in no real danger – if Alex were to even think about assaulting me here and now, the Ludovicio treatment would throw him off entirely. And here he was, sitting before me, as normal as ever. Perhaps he was telling the truth… but at the same time there was no telling. Perhaps the Ludovico treatment was forcing him to act this way. He didn't have a choice, after all. Many thoughts plow through my mind as I stare at his brilliant blue eyes, which are now revealing a curiosity and perhaps hunger I know I probably share. I glance down at his mouth very quickly before looking back at his eyes, ignoring my previous thoughts. \"Such a sladky devotchka thou are, Sofia, love,\" he tells me, one hand reaching for my head and playing with my hair. \"I've messled of this moment for quite some raz, love.\" I'm still for a moment as I realize he's staring at me and leaning in towards me. I begin to do the same action, ready to meet lips with him once again, so excited for it. Suddenly he freezes, then he recoils and seems to curl up into a ball on the bed. He begins to rasp and cough, noises similar to him perhaps puking up a lung. I realize it's the sickness, and though I'm disgusted and feel as if I'm might just be sick as well from all his noise-making, I try to comfort him as much as I can. \"Are you okay?\" I ask. I reach over and touch his shoulder. \"Alex? It's the Ludovicio treatment, isn't it?\" He pulls away from me so quickly that I'm too surprised to respond. He's off the bed in an instant and running towards the door, continuously shaking his head. \"I n-need some air,\" he gulps painfully. \"Wait, let me come with you!\" He takes off quite quickly out of the room. I nearly chase him upstairs and finally catch up with him on the main floor, where he seems to be talking to someone. It's a boy I don't recognize, six-feet tall with broad shoulders and is fairly well built. He looks extremely cocky and drunk, and at the moment he's jabbing his forefinger right into Alex's chest. \"What the hell you doing wearing my clothes, huh?!\" he growls at Alex. I realize it's the famous Dallas Rogers, the kid with the Texas city name who isn't really from Texas. He's practically cornering Alex at this point, who is retching and rasping in such an awful way that I almost can't bear it. \"What's the matter with you, kid? You gonna puke or something? Man, get the hell out of here if you're gonna get fucked up like that. Honestly? You come to my party and puke all over here? You don't even know me, man!\" That's when Dallas totally belts him right across the face. \"ALEX!\" Alex flies right across the beer pong table, red Solo cups and ping pong balls flying everyone. People are hooting and hollering. I run passed Dallas and yank Alex up, his nose bloody all over again. I lead him towards the back doors. Dallas, though, is hot on our heels. \"Mick!\" I scream to nobody. I wonder if maybe he's around again, but I don't see his familiar smile anywhere in the crowd. \"MICK! Damn it, Mick!\" \"Why you fucking running off, huh?\" says Dallas from behind us. I can barely hold Alex up, who seems to be on the verge of collapse it's so bad. \"C'mon, Alex! Outside, let's go!\" I tell him, afraid that he actually might get sick all over the floor. Then Dallas would really be pissed. I'm genuinely frightened at this point as we run outside into the storm again. Dallas won't leave us alone. I push us down the back patio stairs, running faster and faster, the rain pelting on us like bullets, Dallas's voice slowly getting fainter and fainter as we go farther and farther. \"C'mon, let's take a walk,\" I tell Alex as I push us around the house. I lead us to the gated fence and unlock it for us, and we start down the side of the house, Alex leaning on me all the while for support, blood now dripping over his mouth and down his chin. \"You're all right, you're fine. C'mon, just keep going.\" I expect to see the bright street lamps from the familiar road ahead of us and maybe Mick's car just a block away… And then there's the biggest streak of lightning breaking across the sky, followed closely by a thunderclap so loud that I let out a loud yelp. \"Oh my God!\" I cry, turning towards Alex as he heaves and buckles beside me. \"Did you hear that? Did you see that?! That was so frickin' loud! Holy shit… c'mon, we're getting out of here.\" While still a bit enchanted by the lightning show, I start towards the street when I suddenly realize… there is no street. The street is gone. I push us a little further, wondering if maybe the lights had gone out again, but it doesn't really seem to matter. Where the street use to be, there's nothing but trees and lots of forest. My heart is in my throat as I clutch to Alex and look all around us, wondering if we took a wrong turn or something. But a wrong turn to where? I look behind us to see if Dallas's house party is still fully lit, but that's the thing. The house is gone too, and is replaced by tall trees, their branches whipping in the wind. Not again. This can't be happening again… And then I see the glowing sign in the distance, the light that led Alex to where he was originally headed. HOME. ","Summary":" Hi hi hi there! Thanks for giving this story a shot! Alex DeLarge definitely makes an appearance in"},{"Movie":"Beetlejuice","Title":"Lydia Deetz and the orb of storms","Author":"Captain leon","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13041245","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Dedicado a Winona Laura Horowitz Winona Ryder como Lydia Deetz . . LYDIA DEETZ AND THE ORB OF STORMS Capítulo 1: Shining in the storm . An old 1915 Ford model car was on the dirt road, the dust it raised was not very noticeable in the distance because of the late night when neither the moon nor the stars were visible because of the overcast sky. The car stopped in front of an old cabin that seemed to crumble, in front of it, a very old man was waiting for them, he was a Native American. The driver got out of the vehicle to open the rear door. An elegant woman in a dark garment came out of the mobility, her clothes matched the darkness of the night, only the small bundle she wore was out of tune with her appearance as it was covered by a white cloth. \"Mrs. Theda Bara, I'm glad you arrived safely,\" said the old man respectfully. Please come into my humble home. \"I'm sorry, Grey Raven, but I don't have much time. I think I've been exposed and I shouldn't stand still to throw off my pursuers, here, I trust you can hide this better than I did.\" The man received the wrapped bundle from the woman and revealed its contents: it was an orb, which emitted a glow that illuminated the place in a subtle way, but enough to illuminate the cabin and the surroundings. \"May the god and the goddess protect us if the orb falls into the wrong hands,\" said the snow-white woman. Inside the cabin, a little girl looked at the scene with a look of curiosity and wonder. . . Sixty years later... The cemetery looked grim that afternoon as it was about to be struck by a storm as the wind swayed the branches of a dead tree with a shape that looked like an outer face of dreadful characteristics. No one in their right mind would decide to be in the cemetery at that moment, but the figure of a young teenage girl was not only visible in the place, but she was right in front of the tree without showing any sign of fear. A strange sound caused the young woman to turn her face to a gravestone in the cemetery. She approached cautiously as the strange sound seemed to intensify, it seemed as if a corpse wanted to leave the ground to feed on the flesh of the living. The young woman extended her arm to touch the tombstone, the distant thunder was already heard in the distance, the tension in the atmosphere was palpable. \"Pickaboo!\" A black cat jumped over the tombstone, his yellow eyes, as beautiful as two polished pieces of amber, stared at the girl. \"Percy, very funny. You're a naughty kitty.\" \"Did I scare you, Lydia?\" said the talking cat. \"I think it takes a lot more than that to scare me. After all, I am Gothic.\" The young woman in the dark garb extended her arms and the cat leapt towards them, however, instead of being held by her mistress's arms, the little animal transformed into a catboy, who in turn extended his arms. So the two hugged each other and, after a brief kiss, rushed home before the storm hit. Lydia's house was on the top of a high hill overlooking the outskirts of Winter River, the village where she and her father lived, along with her stepmother. The first drops of rain were already falling on the young pair as the thunder made the windows of the Victorian-style house vibrate. The sky was so overcast with dark clouds, it seemed much later than it really was. Lydia pressed the light switch and the spotlights at the entrance illuminated the place, but only for a brief moment. \"Charles, one of the fuses blew,\" said Delia, Lydia's stepmother. The man went to check the fuses, but after a while he returned with the news that it was not a fuse problem, but that the power grid had apparently been interrupted by the storm. \"Are you sure, Charles?\" \"It must be, I don't see any light in the houses in the village.\" \"I'll go get the candles,\" Lydia offered, and along with Percy, they went to get these along with some candlesticks. The house was lit by candles and both Lydia and Percy spent a pleasant evening watching as the storm seemed to unleash a flood as the strong wind howled like hungry wolves and the lightning drew dark shadows on the buildings of the village. \"Lydia, what's that?\" Percy asked, pointing to a strange glow in the distance. \"I don't know, it seems to be something of a magical nature. It's a long way from town, past Peaceful Pines.\" \"I'm curious, I'd like to investigate.\" \"We will, but first let the storm pass. And judging by the state of the sky, I think we'll have to wait until tomorrow.\" Both saw the strange glow in the distance again, which seemed to come and go as the storm passed. . . Lydia got out of Miss Shannon's girls' school, took her bike and pedaled out of Peaceful Pines, the upper class part of town. At one of the crossroads, Percy, who also carried a bicycle, was waiting for her. \"Why didn't you take the tandem from the beginning? That would be better than carrying two bikes.\" \"Yes, but it would have been suspicious to go to school with a tandem.\" \"Shall we go then?\" \"Yes, I did some research at the school, and I found out that outside Peaceful Pines, there is an old Indian cemetery.\" \"Really?\" \"Yes, apparently this whole area was occupied by Native Americans before. These were then taken to indigenous reservations, but until the beginning of the century the cemetery was still used by the original inhabitants of the place.\" Both of them were pedaling away from the village, had to enter a wooded area, and when they wondered if they were lost or not, they found a clearing in which they found the old cemetery abandoned. Apparently the last storm had caused a landslide, which had interrupted the normal course of one of the rivers near the town, it continued its march and reached the cemetery, causing great damage and exposing the tombs. \"I don't see any skeletons, Lydia.\" \"In the mid-1950s they took all the remains to the Indian reservation. What's here are just symbolic graves.\" The two of them began to search the place and it was Percy who found the source of the strange glow, it was an orb, like a kind of crystal ball that at the time seemed to have a slight glow of its own from within. The object called the two youths to unveil its mystery. CONTINUARÁ… Fanfic translated from Spanish to English with DeppL and myself, forgive grammar and punctuation errors, thank you.[Chapter 2] LYDIA DEETZ AND THE ORB OF STORMS Capítulo 2: Television Percy did nothing but caress with his hands the orb that resembled a crystal ball worn by prestidigitators at fairs, yet it contained a subtle lilac glow inside. Lydia, for her part, was going through her books and magazines of occultism in search of some clue that might reveal something to her about the mysterious crystal sphere, but after a while she realized that she could find nothing concrete. \"Did you find anything, Lydia?\" \"Nothing, I think it's best to send a letter to the curator of the museum in Madrid, I know he's interested in these things. I hope he answers me and then gives me his phone number, the long distance call will be expensive but it is better than waiting for the mail every time.\" \" You're right, Lydia,\" said Percy and then suggested watching some TV in the living room, which Delia insisted on calling a visiting room. The kids came down and Percy turned on the big, heavy TV. \"Not so loud, Percy, turn it down a little.\" \"All right... Look, they're putting on some kind of show.\" A woman of more than generous proportions was lying on a crimson sofa, her sensual and voluptuous curves looked appetising, at least for the tall, redheaded man who entered the living room at that moment. \"Oh, it's Elvira, they're giving \"Elvira's macabre show\".\" said Charles who at that moment regretted watching the TV with a stupid smile and drooling down the corner of his mouth, as just that moment his insufferable wife was coming in, who realized what was happening. \"Charles, shut your mouth.\" \"I'm sorry, Delia, but cousin Elvira.\" \"We're gonna be late for the meeting of the Hamtons of Purginton Purge!\" the woman cut him off, and instead of saying goodbye to her stepdaughter and the catboy, she gave the TV a look of intense hatred. \"You must go to bed early, dinner is in the refrigerator, defrost it and then heat it in the microwave.\" \"I'll order something over the phone, I know how your culinary skills are,\" said Lydia in an inaudible whisper. \"What did you say?\" Delia asked, sensing what her stepdaughter said. \"That we know how to use the microwave, don't worry,\" Percy answered quickly to avoid problems later on for Lydia. Delia wanted to reply badly, but she bit her lip, she didn't want to start a fight with the tight time she had at the moment to attend the meeting. \"Obey your mother, children,\" said Charles, who resisted the urge to look at Elvira's image. Turn that thing off and get to study! she barked as a farewell and the two adults left the house in a hurry. Percy went to the window to watch them leave in the car. \"What did \"dad\" Charles mean by \"cousin Elvira\"? I think it just came out by accident.\" \"I don't know, Percy, but I find it very suspicious, especially Delia's attitude.\" Lydia preferred the horror movies with a more gore style to the ones that the voluptuous presenter commented on, but due to the strange reaction her parents had, she decided to watch the show. \"She looks like you, Lydia, she's Gothic too,\" said Percy as he bowed his head slightly. \"I don't think so,\" said Lydia, a little jealous because she didn't know if Percy was tilting her head to see the resemblance between the two or just to see her huge breasts. \"That woman is not gothic, more like punk hair and Vampira clothes or... What's her name?\" \"Lily Munster.\" \"No, I remember, Morticia Addams.\" The kids continued to watch the show, after the film shoot, Elvira told a couple of jokes that were upbeat in a two-way tone, which, to Lydia's shame, had to explain to the catboy, since Percy still didn't quite understand the two-way humor or the synonym of words. \"The girl with the big... nails says goodbye. Let you have sweet nightmares,\" Elvira said goodbye, as the camera zoomed in to show how the woman was sending a kiss while showing the huge breasts that seemed to come out of the generous cleavage. \"Lydia, look at that round thing!\" \"Percy!... Wait... Thing and not things round?\" Lydia thought Percy was referring to Elvira's breasts, but then she noticed, behind the presenter, there was a crystal sphere that glowed with the same faint purple light that they had in the house, this one was on a golden base with feline figures and a pentagram. The show no longer showed any images except the lyrics of the credits and Lydia got angry with herself for not showing any more attention. \"Did you see Lydia? It was the same orb we have, except for the gold base.\" \"Are you sure, Percy?\" \"Yes, I am.\" Lydia weighed up the possibilities, after all it could be a coincidence, the world was full of glass spheres, however, something inside her told her that this was not the case. \"We have to find that woman,\" Percy said. I'm sure she must know more about the orb. \"Perhaps, there is also the possibility that you know nothing and that glass sphere is part of the decoration that the program provides. Anyway, we need to get in touch with Elvira.\" Lydia kept the old thick old New York phone book, she knew Elvira's show was filming in California, but it was a good place to start. \"Surely there is merchandise with Elvira's image in New York's comic book stores,\" Lydia thought as she went up to the attic to check the boxes she brought from the city. \"I have to get in touch with the store managers so they can give me Elvira's address or their producers.\" This and other plans formed in Lydia's mind, as she climbed up to the attic that the Maitlands once occupied, while Percy, the catboy, followed her from behind, happily wagging his cat's tail and ears. CONTINUARÁ… Thank you for reading, please don't forget to vote and comment pretty please.[Chapter 3] LYDIA DEETZ AND THE ORB OF STORMS Capítulo 3: From coast to coast The office was illuminated by a 100-watt light bulb from its mobile base on a fine mahogany desk on the surface of which were some papers that were then read by a thin individual with glasses so thick that they looked like bottle bottoms. The pronounced nose seemed to be made of wax that melted in the heat of the light bulb as it was aquiline and at that time was pearly with sweat. \"Director Ñañiquez,\" said a somewhat chubby woman who entered the poorly lit office after knocking on the door three times. \"Here are the reports to be submitted to the Ministry of Culture.\" Lucio Ñañiquez barely looked up at the woman, scratched his pronounced bald spot a little and then looked again at the papers in front of him. \"Would you like anything else, director?\" \"That will be all. I'm staying late tonight.\" The woman nodded and left the office, while Lucio saw the papers that were sent to him by a young woman by the name of Lydia Laura Deetz Cat. . . The bus left early from Winter River to New York, not a very long but necessary route for the Gothic girl who was looking at the window with a young man who was reading some comics of the Suicide Squad in which the Penguin was the brains for a kidnapping operation in Russia of a writer, an operation plotted from Washington DC. \"I guess being about to be married against my will has its advantages,\" Lydia thought of her short stay in Hawaii, where she almost died with Percy. Lydia was going to New York to deliver some important documents to her father's old job, and in the process take a plane to take her and Percy to Hollywood California, where she would try to meet the producers of Elvira's show. \"The curator of the museum did not answer my letter. I can't wait any longer,\" she thought as she looked away from the landscape to see her friend's face. \"How's the comic book coming?\" \"It's very violent the way I like it.\" \"It's a good thing you've improved your reading so much.\" \"All thanks to you, thanks for teaching me to read.\" Lydia leaned a little on Percy's arm to thank him for saving her life and doing wonders for her self-esteem. Percy was tempted to purr at Lydia's attentions, but since he couldn't do it on the bus, he decided to bend his face a little to make contact with his girlfriend's hair, which was as dark as the bottom of a burnt cauldron in the middle of a dark room. To put the mind in white and to contemplate the landscape that changed from sad to animated with the vegetation or rural constructions at every moment was relaxing and more so when one had the presence of excellent company. Thus the two teenagers traveled, exchanging words from time to time when the occasion warranted it. . . The arrival in New York and her father's assignment did not cause any problems, nor did the fact of taking a plane at the airport, except for the surprise of the person in charge of the tickets. \"I beg your pardon?\" \"First class, two tickets please.\" \"Sure, here you go.\" Lydia's parents gave her permission to travel so far, not that they had any other option considering that she could sue them for trying to marry her with beetlejuice, besides, the economic situation of the adults was not the best after Delia's resort fiasco and the poor sale of her father's books. Those two depended on their daughter. A coast-to-coast trip through the United States took a long time despite being made in an airplane, fortunately good movies and comfortable seats made the flight easier. Lydia played with Percy by showing him how she handled her tarot cards and time flew by, with the only funny anecdote when the stewardess offered them champagne, but Percy, neither short nor lazy, asked for warm milk. Once they arrived at Los Angeles airport, the heating fooled the two youths, only when they left the huge complex could they feel the change in temperature which did not change much. \"Lydia, it looks like summer.\" \"On the west coast you don't feel the change of season much, at least in California.\" \"It's dark now, what do we do?\" \"Let's find a hotel... Look, there goes a taxi... Taxi!\" A driver who was apparently a fan of the music of the seventies took them both to the Hilton. Lydia was checking a map while Percy seemed hypnotized by the little Hawaiian doll wobbling over the driver's dashboard. \"Do you like the dancer?\" asked the taxi driver. \"Yes, I like it a lot. Where can I buy one?\" \"There are many in the street, don't worry. Have you been to Hawaii before?\" \"Yeah, it was a really nice place, wasn't it, Lydia?\" \"That's right, of course we didn't go to the main island, but to one called Kanoha, a very beautiful place.\" The boys gave the driver a brief account of their trip to the Hawaiian island, avoiding mentioning the parts where they almost lost their lives in the face of Beetlejuice and his horde of supernatural creatures. They arrived at the Hilton and after checking in, went to their room where among other things they planned what to do tomorrow in their search for clues to unravel the mystery of the orb they had at the time and were watching as hypnotized. CONTINUARÁ… Thank you for reading, please don't forget to vote and comment pretty please.[Chapter 4] LYDIA DEETZ AND THE ORBS OF STORMS Capítulo 4: Black Widow . The waves were breaking against the beach in Hollywood California, morning runners were on the beach displaying their brand new sports clothes and the latest technology available: compact cassette players made in Japan, now music could be heard everywhere thanks to the invention of headphones. \"Meow Lydia, I want one of those,\" Percy told his girlfriend as he looked at a runner wearing shiny leggings. \"It's very convenient indeed. It's annoying when someone starts listening to his music loudly and makes others uncomfortable, but I don't know, privacy can be abused a lot, it can be counterproductive.\" \"We'll have to see what happens, meanwhile, let's go to Elvira's studio.\" Lydia nodded and already called for a taxi to take them to the studios where the actress's company was located. \"This place is huge,\" Percy said when they arrived at the entrance to Warner Bros. studios. \"This is where we get off Percy.\" \"Does Elvira work for Warner Bros.?\" \"No, but through this entrance we can access Geffen Studios. A friend of Delia's can provide us with tickets to Black Widow Studios, where Elvira works.\" \"Come on then.\" The two youths entered with the group of tourists and without the guide noticing it, they snuck out to Delia's stepmother's friend. \"Oh, you must be Didi's stepchildren,\" said a woman with red hair so marked that no one would believe it was genuine. \"Did you have any problems with security?\" \"No Miss...\" \"Claes, my love. Call me Claes,\" said the woman with the strong accent from the California Valley. \"Thank you very much, Miss Claes.\" \"You don't have to, my love. Didi got me this job as a receptionist and I am indebted to her, the good Didi, how is the very very?\" \"Delia... Didi, she's fine, she says hi.\" \"Oh, how beautiful the Didi is. But anyway, time is money money my love, here are the Black Widow studio passes, with them you can go backstage without any problem did you get m'ja?\" \"Yes, thank you very much, Claes.\" \"Well, Lydia, Percy, good luck and no messing around, guys,\" said the woman as she winked at them, \"you could tell she was in a hurry. \"What a funny woman Lydia, what did she mean by m´ja?\" Percy said imitating the accent and ridiculous pose of the dyeing. \"I'm not quite sure, maybe he meant \"my daughter\" or \"maja\",\" said Lydia, suppressing a laugh. \"I'm sure it was maja, since you're very beautiful, Lydia.\" \"How sweet Percy, come on, let's go to the studio,\" concluded Lydia as she kissed Percy. With the security of carrying their passes, they had no need to hide and confidently went to one of the security guards and asked him where they could find Black Widow Studios. These were at one end of the huge producer's field and the kids went straight to that place, not being overcome by the temptation to snoop around as they did not know for sure if the passes the woman gave them would be valid for other production companies. The company Black Widow, was specialized in horror films, but also in comedies, with elements typical of horror movies, and that could be seen right at the entrance because the façade emulated the torso of a reddish demon which had one of its horns broken. \"Hot Dog, I can´t believe it,\" they both said at the same time and after contemplating the huge facade of the building, they decided to enter. The receptionist, a platinum-plated blonde with huge thick frame lenses and even bigger breasts, answered the kids' questions and sent them to the props man at Elvira's show. \"Come on, guys,\" said the old man wearing a black beret and a reddish scarf that he displayed with a flirtatious, shameless look, just like a theatre diva's walk. The guy named Steven \"Miracle\", showed them all the props in the program, but the closest thing to Elvira's orb was a simple crystal ball that caught Percy's attention. \"I'm sorry, dear ones, but there's nothing you can tell me but this.\" \"Could it have been that Elvira brought it herself?\" Percy asked the old man. \"It could be, actors bring some of their stuff for the shows.\" \"So, can you give us Elvira's address?\" \"Oh, not my little ones. That's forbidden, company policies, no one except the producers or the executive producers can share that information.\" The youngsters had to leave the prop area wondering how they would know the direction of the actress, well, at least Lydia since Percy was wondering something else. \"Lydia, what is the difference between a producer and an executive producer?\" \"The executive producer is in charge of financing the film, while the producer manages the money during the filming of the film.\" \"Oh... What do we do now?\" \"Let's go back and ask the receptionist if we can contact one of the producers of Elvira's show.\" Luck seemed to smile at the kids as it seemed that one of the producers was at the reception, but unlike them, the man did not seem to have the favor of luck because for some reason he was yelling at someone on the receptionist's phone. \"I'm gonna get your legs broken, Jhony! Either you get them for me or I'm gonna hang you with the phone wire!\" The man hung up the device with a hard blow, \"combed\" his chestnut hair with his fingers, unknowingly disheveling his hair. Then he looked down as he saw two young kids in front of him, a boy who looked like a young model and a girl in Gothic clothes with a perfect face. \"Excuse me sir, my name is Lydia Deetz and I would like to finance one of your films.\" CONTINUARÁ… Thank you for reading, do not forget to vote and comment pretty please[Chapter 5] LYDIA DEETZ AND THE ORB OF STORMS Capítulo 5: In the jungle Morgan Burns, that was the name of the man who until recently was screaming on the phone and who invited the young people to his office. \"I'm sorry, kids, but I can't give you Elvira's address.\" \"But Lydia already told you she's willing to finance one of your films.\" \"I'm sorry, uh... Percy, but it's impossible for me to accept money that hasn't been approved by the syndicate and the Hollywood Banking Association. Besides, at the moment the money for the company's films is well insured, it's other things that have me worried.\" \"Can I ask what those things are?\" Lydia said. \"As an executive producer, I'm not only looking for money for future films, but also for other things like various artists who will be collaborating on the film. And now it turns out that just days after the shooting was over, the musicians who had signed a contract were arrested by the police.\" \"Arrested?\" Percy said. \"Yes, a problem that is usually easily solved, but in this case things are more complicated due to... certain aspects that are better left unnoticed. Anyway, I'm short of musicians and all good artists already have contracts with other companies or can't collaborate with the film.\" \"Mr. Burns, if we got you the musicians, would you give us Elvira's address?\" \"Of course, although I don't see how you can do it.\" \"We'll take care of that, we just want you to give us the address.\" \"Deal, any questions?\" Lydia asked the right questions about what kind of music the man was looking for for the film, and Percy also had a question to ask. \"When you mean the syndicate, do you mean to the studios or the Mafia?\" \"I'm sorry, let's go,\" interrupted Lydia and then pulling the cat boy by the hand, they left the studios looking for some musician. . . \"There must be good musicians somewhere,\" said Lydia when they returned to the beach. It was already eleven o'clock in the morning and the \"local fauna\" was making its daily appearance. Bodybuilders, lifting weights or comparing muscles here and there, not only men, but also women; the everlasting runners including women who wore their bulky and droopy leggings; break-dance dancers performing brilliant choreographies; various street artists and most emblematic: lifeguards, with their bright red costumes as well as their floats. \"Let's go ask one of the lifeguards,\" said Lydia, \"they know a lot about what's happening on the beach.\" \"Do you think they know about good musicians? If that Burns guy couldn't find any good musicians, I don't know how we could find one.\" \"There are good musicians out there, how bad it is that the poor don't have sponsors to sponsor them before record companies or in this case film companies.\" \"When you refer to sponsors, do you mean people with money or the mafia?\" \"In this place, I think the second thing, Percy.\" \"How about we ask that lifeguard, he's got long, golden blond hair, he's probably the boss of this place.\" \"What does hair have to do with being the boss?\" \"Oh yeah, I still think like a house cat sometimes, anyway we go.\" Lydia wanted to ask Percy more questions, but the catboy was already pulling his girlfriend's hand and they were heading for the blond lifeguard. \"Good musicians? I think you'll find them by the tar pit, many of them gather to get the attention of tourists, sometimes they even succeed and are marked by talent scouts.\" \"Talent scouts work for the mob?\" \"They shouldn't have to, but that's the way it is. It's an open secret that the city is controlled by mafias my young friend.\" \"Like the Godfather's?\" \"More like Bell Air or Malibu. Don't worry, as tourists the only thing you have to worry about is the simple pickpockets or swimming without warming up if you come to the beach. Don't forget that you shouldn't swim if you just ate before, cramps are no joke, kids.\" \"Thank you very much, sir,\" Lydia said goodbye, and went to the tar pits with Percy. The place was very striking, the center of the well had very realistic representations of a mammoth and a saber-toothed tiger trapped in the tar. Lots of Japanese tourists passed by just then and took many pictures without paying attention to the musicians or various jugglers. \"These tourists have good stuff, they have the same stuff that you have Lydia.\" \"The best cameras are with the Japanese, of course the best film rolls are with Kodak.\" The boys toured the place and saw one performance after another, but although the musicians were good, none of them came close to what the Black Widow producer was looking for. \"I'm already hungry, Lydia, do you think we can get hot dogs in this place?\" \"I don't know, but now that we're on the coast, don't you crave seafood or something?\" Percy's face suddenly lit up, and the boys went to get food from the place. While looking for food, they saw an assault and Percy went to arrest the criminal, who did not put up much resistance. \"STOP FILMING!\" shouted a man, apparently he was the director of a film they were just shooting. \"Hey, you could stop eating donuts for a change!\" The director scolded a policeman who had neglected to watch the filming scene. \"We're so sorry, we didn't know you were filming mister... Spielberg, oh my gosh!\" exclaimed Lydia after seeing the director's badge as his cap covered his entire face. \"Who is this Mr., Lydia?\" \"It's Steven Spielberg.\" \"The one of the alien with Christ's heart-shaped look?\" \"Shush Percy, he'll hear you.\" But it was too late, the director laughed with a beating jaw. In fact, he was so happy and impressed with the appearance of the two boys that he offered them a job for one of his films right there. \"Think about it, guys, it would be good for you. And because you have discovered my secret, I give you these credentials, with them you can go to any studio; it is like a free pass to any artistic and cultural center of the city, advantages of being me.\" \"Unbelievable!\" Lydia exclaimed. \"Mister, Lydia is Gothic, can you do a horror one with her as the protagonist?\" \"Sure, but I've got a tight list for a movie like this. But I know a promising young man named Tim Burton.\" The boys thanked him for the credentials and went in search of the musicians, as according to the director, he had none that he could afford at the time. In that, Percy pulled out his cat ears as a song caught his eye. \"Percy, your ears and your tail!\" \"I'm sorry,\" Percy said and hid his cat's tail and ears again. \"Those two over there play good or bad, it's hard to say...\" \"Yes, that's exactly what we're looking for.\" \"Excuse me, we are very interested in your music,\" said Lydia. \"What is the name of your group?\" Percy asked. \"We are Tenacius D, and we are destined to be the best musicians in the world. We even beat Satan once.\" \"Interesting,\" thought Lydia, as she looked at Percy. Elvira's address was already in their hands. CONTINUARÁ… Fanfic translated from Spanish to English with DeppL and myself, forgive grammar and punctuation errors, thank you.[Chapter 6] LYDIA DEETZ AND THE ORB OF STORMS Capítulo 6: TPOD The small apartment was small and smelly, a stench consisting of several t-shirts and unwashed socks that made Percy's nose pucker, along with the smell of lack of toilet facilities was one that came from several containers of fast food that had not yet been discarded, yet it was a particular smell that caught the eye, at least Lydia's. \"Is this the one?\" \"Yes,\" said one of the musicians as he showed the two young men what a marijuana smoking pipe looked like. \"It's The Pipe of Destiny.\" Both Lydia and Percy exchanged incredulous looks but the two fat middle-aged guys told them how they had discovered a mystical object called The Pick of Destiny, an artifact that was forged from one of Satan's own teeth, and then lost it in a rock duel against him, and finally ripped out his horn and sent him back to hell. \"Do you believe them, Lydia?\" \"I don't see any sign of a lie in their auras. Besides, if I have a catboy next to me, I don't see why I shouldn't believe these two.\" Jables, or as JB called himself, was the leader of the rock duo, had a funny rounded baby face that didn't match his dangerous lunatic eyes, but he was a very good person. Kage, or as he preferred to call himself by his stage name KG, was also a good-natured fat man but unlike his partner he was bald and seemed to be older. \"It was the most awesome music ever heard on Earth,\" Jables told the two boyfriends excitedly. It was epic! \"Too bad we lost The Pick of Destiny in the end,\" said Kage with a sad gesture. \"Yeah, but we won the TPOD in return.\" \"The TPOD?\" Lydia said. \"Yes, The Pipe of Destiny,\" said Jables, accentuating each syllable to make it sound more impressive. \"Oh my God,\" said Lydia, looking annoyed with a nervous smile. Percy on the other hand bent in two and started laughing so hard that his ears and cat's tail came out. Both Jables and Kage were impressed but after rubbing their eyes with the knuckles of their hands they saw that there was nothing unusual about the young man. \"Wow, I think we smoked a lot of \"power herbs\" with the TPOD,\" said Jables, and Kage nodded. According to the musicians, the devil's pick could make any singer extraordinary and they hoped that by smoking Satan's pipe, they would receive \"divine\" inspiration to compose rock masterpieces and thus become famous. \"Can that be true, Lydia?\" \"Perhaps Percy, it is proven that drugs such as tobacco, alcohol or others help the neural connections, that is, they accelerate the creative process in writers. Hemingway, for example, was well known for his love of alcohol, to say the least, I don't know how effective it would be to get high with this magic pipe.\" \"And tell me,\" Lydia continued, \"has smoking this thing worked yet?\" \"Emm, well, not really... no. Nothing yet,\" admitted Jables. \"If you call nothing the fact that I fart every time I smoke from the TPOD,\" said Kage. \"Don't go smoking that thing! At least in our presence!\" exclaimed Percy. \"Then why don't you just leave it?\" Lydia suggested. Drugs are bad. \"Maybe it will work one day,\" he said. \"Don't you want to give it a little taste?\" \"NO!\" Lydia and Percy shouted at the same time. \"Why don't you sell the pipe to pay for your apartment?\" Lydia asked. \"There are eviction notices all over the place, if you convince the right buyer you can get a lot of money.\" \"And to whom could we sell it?\" Kage asked. \"How about an oil sheikh?\" Percy's suggestion. With the petrodollars they have, you' re sure to make a bundle. Jables and Kage crossed glances as if contemplating the suggestion. \"Look, we'd better concentrate right now,\" said Lydia. \"We should go to Black Widow Company and get you a job.\" \"I don't know... our thing is to be rock stars in front of a stage full of people,\" he said. \"Yes, we are Tenacius D,\" concluded Kage with a silly smile. \"But if you get the job, you'll get paid very well indeed!\" Lydia told them. \"But the scenarios...\" \"The only stages you're going to go to will be as spectators, and that's if you manage to raise enough money for the tickets, which I find very difficult,\" Percy told them without much tact. \"Look, if you get the job, even Black Widow might make you regular composers,\" said Lydia. \"There are big companies with regular composers like Jerry Goldsmith or Dany Elfman, both very famous. The same thing can happen to you if you take the job. Come on, please!\" \"Besides, look at yourselves. You are already in your 40s and have no food, no money, no dog barking at you.\" \"Percy!\" \"Well, maybe we'll give that movie company a chance,\" said Jables after exchanging looks with his friend. . . Once everyone at Black Widow and to Lydia's relief, the two musicians were hired. Morgan Burns was delighted, in fact if it wasn't for being a serious executive producer, he would have jumped for excitement at the time. \"Well, Mr. Burns, now for Elvira's address...\" \"Of course, Miss Deetz, let me see, here you go. Please do not share it with anyone.\" \"Don't worry and thank you,\" the Gothic girl thanked him for saying goodbye to his friends and, together with Percy, left the building. When the kids were already on the way out of the filming grounds of the film companies, both Jables and Kage ran up to them. \"What's going on? Don't tell me you had a problem.\" \"No one,\" said Jables mumbling down the street, \"just, well, we wanted to give you this, Lydia.\" \"But this is his magic pipe, I can't accept it.\" \"Please do it. You were right, Lydia, You both were. It's time we started working seriously and stopped fantasizing.\" \"Are you sure about this?\" \"We are, Lydia,\" Kage assured her. Lydia accepted the present and together with Percy returned to the urban jungle of that modern Babylon called Hollywood. CONTINUARÁ… Thanks for Reading, don't forget to vote and comment, pretty please.[Chapter 7] LYDIA DEETZ AND THE ORB OF STORMS Capítulo 7: The wrong house? Lydia and Percy saw through the open window of the taxi one of the luxurious residential areas of the city (there was no choice given the natural \"scent\" of the driver, house after house that surely cost a lot of money either to buy or rent them. \"This is the street,\" said the taxi driver to the sound of Menudo's disco music and the two boyfriends got out of the car. \"Are you sure this is the right address?\" Percy asked her after they walked both roads more than once. \"Yes, there's no doubt about it, but... Well, it's not what I expected.\" Lydia could not be blamed in any way, in front of the two young people there was a very nice little house, so much so that one could say that it was a life-size replica of a Barbi doll house. \"Gosh,\" said Percy, wrinkling his nose, \"I think if I see only the front of this house, it's going to give me diabetes, and just see that you're the Gothic, Lydia.\" \"There's nothing to do, let's ring the doorbell,\" Lydia concluded as she gathered the courage to approach the huge, pink, gilded Valentine's grille. The tune gave Lydia chills as this was of a markedly childish tone, as if it came from the Care Bears, Strawberry or My little pony, all of them combined and not in a good way. \"Come on in, it's open,\" said a woman's voice through the intercom, and the boys went into the garden. \"Are those flamingos?\" Percy asked when he saw the plastic ornaments. When Lydia was about to answer him, the front door of the house slammed open and a woman in very tight black clothes came out. \"It's about time you got here! You've got to get me out of here! I'm gonna go crazy!\" The woman was Elvira, who ran up to the boys and started to shake them. \"I think there's a misunderstanding,\" Lydia said with difficulty. \"Let us go.\" Elvira was so upset that she would have continued to shake the boys if it hadn't been for Percy's inability to hold out and his ears and cat's tail came out, so the curvaceous woman stopped immediately. \"Wow, I definitely did use a lot of LSD in the 1960s!\" The impression of seeing the catboy and the state she was in made Elvira dizzy right there and she had to be carried inside the house by the two youths, who held her by the arms. The interior was decorated with the same aesthetics as the exterior, except that unlike the neat front garden, the whole place was filled with beer cans and underwear, scattered all over the place. \"What a dump,\" the two kids thought at the same time but concentrated on putting Elvira on one of the pink sofas printed with hearts. Lydia cleaned the couch of drinks and clothes, while Percy hel\"d Elvira. That's it, Percy,\" said Lydia and the catboy carefully placed the woman on the sofa. \"I'm not hallucinating, am I?\" \"No, Mrs. Elvira, Percy is a catboy.\" \"A catboy? Wow, I've seen it all now, but I thought the cat people looked more like an Andrew Lloyd Webber play.\" \"I'm not a furry creature! I'm more of a Japanese aesthetic.\" \"That is to say, Percy only has cat ears and tail, nothing more, not even cat eyes,\" Lydia explained to a strange Elvira who looked at her curiously. \"Well, then who are you? I thought you were my replacement.\" \"I beg your pardon?\" Lydia said strangely. \"My replacement, that idiot Burns promised me he'd get me out of this dump.\" \"So this place was already a mess when you got here?\" Percy said tactlessly. \"What? No, this is the work of your servant, Elvira, mistress of darkness.\" \"Yes, the girl with the big fingernails,\" continued Percy. \"Percy Shuuu\" Lydia tried to shut him up, while Elvira raised one of her arms to cover her generous cleavage, while the other one was feeling around the sofa looking for a beer can. \"Mrs. Elvira, we are not a replacement, Black Widow sent us, but not for what you think.\" \"What a pity, I told Burns to bring anyone to replace me, she only had to wear Gothic clothes, they didn't have to be the same as mine, but at least she had to wear a whole black and macabre outfit. I thought you were my replacement.\" \"What did you want to get out of here for?\" Lydia asked, guessing the answer. \"I just don't feel comfortable living in this place as you might expect. I feel like a brand new girl in a fat club. And if you're not my replacement, who are you, girl?\" \"My name is Lydia Deetz and this is my boyfriend Percy.\" \"Boyfriend, huh? It's nice you have great taste and for clothes. First time I saw a catboy, I thought they were hairy like I said before, sorry for that, although I saw very hairy managers and not in their pectoral flabbiness I must say.\" Lydia and Percy were surprised by Elvira's accent and phrases, apparently the teenage valley girl's accent and double entendre themes, were not just part of the TV show's script. \"Wait a minute... Deetz, you said?\" \"Yes.\" \"What's your full name, honey?\" \"Lydia Laura Deetz Cat.\" \"Lydia has two names,\" Percy said, but Elvira didn't pay attention to him. She looked at the young Gothic girl with wide eyes. \"You're... you're Evelyn's daughter!\" \"Excuse me, but how do you know that...?\" \"Evelyn was my older sister, Lydia, I'm your aunt!\" If an earthquake had shaken the whole house, it wouldn't have made as much of an impression as the revelation of the woman with the obscene curves, tight black suit and generous cleavage. CONTINUARÁ… Thank you for reading, do not forget to vote and comment pretty please[Chapter 8] LYDIA DEETZ AND THE ORB OF STORMS Capítulo 8: Chase inside the house The two young men had their mouths open from the impression. Lydia closed it again but then opened her lips to express her surprise. \"What do you mean you're my aunt!\" \"Yes, Evelyn was my older sister, of course we were very different in appearance and everything else.\" \"I never, ever heard of my mom having a sister who was a hostess for horror movies.\" \"Are they really scary? They don't scare me at all.\" \"No wonder kitty cat, after all, they are B category films, you don't have to expect much from them, they profit more from jokes and the very hot girls running away from the monster in turn.\" \"But neither my dad or Delia told me anything.\" \"Lydia remembers that your dad missed that \"cousin Elvira\" thing when we were at home.\" \"Yeah, I'm sorry to tell you this, Lydia, but your father was always a jerk. I met your stepmother once and she was a great B...shame to meet her.\" \"That's a terrible thing to say, but I believe you,\" Percy said, as Lydia was speechless. \"Excuse me, but this is so sudden.\" \"I've got some pictures over here, I'll get them. Come with me, children.\" The boys went up to Elvira's room and saw that the mess downstairs was repeating itself in the room. As Elvira searched the place, Percy saw that Elvira's bed was moving, not a person, but underneath all the clothes was a poodle dog whose fur was cut not in the traditional way for this type of pet skirt, but had a very aggressive style, even had a red and black tufted head and a spiked collar. \"Gong, there you are, boy, I thought you ran away!\" The little animal sniffed at the two strangers, wagged his tail when he felt a scent similar to that of his mistress in the Gothic girl, but with Percy he showed his fangs and began to bark with the roar of small dogs and bad temper. Gong jumped out of bed and started chasing Percy, who, pulled on his instincts, became a house cat and started running around the house. \"Percy, calm down!\" Lydia asked him, as he went after Percy from one side of the house to the other. The cat climbed through high curtains and then jumped up to the inner sill of an upper window, hissing at the lapdog from there. Elvira went to them as she swung some old photographs in her hand. In the presence of his mistress the poodle stopped barking but still showed his fangs to the cat. \"Percy, calm down. Come down here at once.\" The cat stopped bristling his tail and jumped straight into Lydia's arms, who then placed it on the ground and the kitty again turned into a catboy who hissed at the dog who was not intimidated and stubbornly insisted on grunting at him. \"The two of you stop fighting,\" said Elvira and proceeded to show the pictures to Lydia. There was no longer any doubt, Lydia recognized her mother posing with Elvira, both of whom looked very young. \"Like I told you, we were nothing alike. She was the good girl who dressed like a hippie and I was the bad girl who was addicted to rock, I wanted to be special while she was special.\" \"Lydia is special, not only because she is Lydia, but also because she has magic.\" \"Thank you, Percy.\" \"Do you know magic?\" \"Yes, that's right.\" \"So young and pretty, you look like I imagined I would at your age. When my great aunt Morgana died, she bequeathed me a spell book, which was lost in a fire; the irony is that I discovered that I also had powers like my sister when it was too late.\" \"I'd love to hear that story.\" \"Sure, sit down, I have a lot to tell you.\" Elvira told the kids about her adventure with her great aunt's book and how in the end, after defeating Morgana's brother, who was a Satanist who wanted to destroy the world, she managed to raise enough money to perform in an important show in Las Vegas. \"I thought after the show my life would be good, but now I have to live in this house owned by Black Widow and most of what I earned I have to pay to the producers.\" \"That's terrible.\" \"I know, I should have had better lawyers.\" \"Aunt Elvira, we came looking for you because of an orb we saw on one of your TV shows.\" \"An orb?\" \"Yes, like a crystal ball but this one is different, it gives off its own light from the inside.\" \"Oh yes, I remember. Was it very important?\" \"I believe so, I'm sure the orb is magical. I've got one just like it. Maybe they'll make a couple.\" \"Is It around, ma'am?\" \"No Percy. I'm sorry, Lydia, but I don't have the orb anymore.\" \"You don't have it anymore? What happened?\" \"Well, it's a funny story when you think about it. Vampira has it.\" \"Vampira? You don't mean The Vampira ? America's first horror movie hostess.\" \"Yes, herself.\" \"And why does she have it?\" Percy asked. \"Like I told you, it's a funny story. Turns out that Vampira thinks I plagiarized her image... and she took the orb.\" \"What does that have to do with anything?\" Lydia asked. \"Well... the orb, let's say I borrowed it once...\" said Elvira as she bit one of the very long false nails. Lydia and Percy looked at her in amazement, in the mood to stamp a palm on their faces. \"But the judge ruled that I didn't do any plagiarism! Just, just adapt the image of a fictional figure she was using that time...\" Not only the boys, but even Gong seemed to nod his head. The search for the orb was postponed when they thought they already had it in their hands. CONTINUARÁ… Thank you for reading, do not forget to vote and comment pretty please[Chapter 9] LYDIA DEETZ AND THE ORB OF STORMS Capítulo 9: Spiders A powerful machine, a 1959 Ford Thunderbird, drove down the street with a row of tall palm trees in its center window box and wide leaves in full sunlight. The car matched in colour with the dark garments of the woman and the young girl who were the driver and co-driver, while the back seat carried a poodle with his red and black dyed coat as passengers, as well as a dyed Mohican \"hairstyle\" and a spiked collar; next to him was a black cat who looked at the landscape boredly. \"Stop sticking your head out the window,\" said Percy, the house cat, \"I guess you have to be a dog to understand this taste.\" Gong, unlike the cat, could not speak, but he still barked against the wind that distorted the skin of his muzzle and made his fangs show. \"We're almost there, Lydia,\" Elvira told her niece, \"Vampira likes her privacy.\" Elvira turned left and drove along a road without any garden, only a few cactuses were visible along the side of the road. \"Is that the house?\" Lydia asked when she saw a construction that broke with the previous image that the Gothic girl had imagined of the home of the horror film hostess. A modernist building from the mid-1960s showed an elegant house with wide windows by walls and large eaves next to a large pool, a whole complex protected by a medium sized fence, all this set in a rocky area, a cliff actually enjoying a spectacular view of the ocean. \"I imagined something more Victorian,\" said Lydia. \"Nah, the only gothic thing Vampira has is her clothes.\" Elvira drove to the entrance and after pressing the intercom button announced her presence. Needless to say, their arrival was neither expected nor desired, since only a loud noise was heard through the transmitter. \"To be honest, I wasn't expecting anything different,\" said Elvira with the clear intention of returning to where she came from. \"Mrs. Vampira, please welcome us, we have a magical orb and we believe you have the pair,\" said Lydia leaning over her aunt. Percy and Gong, they watched closely. There was no reply but the entrance gate moved to the left. \"Well, I guess you have to hurry up with the bad drink,\" said Elvira and drove the black Ford to the main entrance. Along with the women, Gong and Percy, the latter who had left his cat-like form to become an ordinary young man again, got out of the car. Lydia knocked on the door politely and it opened by itself. \"What do we do, Lydia?\" asked Percy, who sniffed the inside just like Gong. \"I guess we have no choice, we must go in.\" \"I'll take the lead, Lydia.\" the Catboy offered. As soon as the whole group entered the wide hall, a fog came out of one of the corners, its presence was so thick and so unseemly that Gong was almost completely hidden as he grunted at the strange fog. \"Hello... Mrs. Vampira,\" said Lydia. \"Enough Vampira, stop the drama.\" As soon as Elvira said these words, a door opened and through it Vampira emerged, with her black and tailored suit, very similar to that of Lydia's aunt except that this was not very revealing, but the young Gothic girl was impressed to see the very narrow waist of the woman, it was impossible for anyone to have such a small waist. \"That corset must not be healthy,\" thought Lydia. Vampira approached the group with her eyes on them and then gave a cry that would have frozen the blood of a \"normal\" visitor. \"You don't even impress an old cat,\" said Elvira, jaded with all the Gothic paraphernalia unfolded. \"You... You damn slut, how dare you come to my house after what you did?!\" \"I beg your pardon? But I think I heard wrong, did you call me a slut?\" Both women seemed to throw sparks through their eyes, ah, if looks killed, those two would be dead, cremated and buried. Percy went to hold Elvira, while Lydia stood between the two adult women. Gong behaved well and neither grunted nor barked at Vampira. \"Who are you, little girl?\" Lydia introduced herself and made her aware of her interest in the magical orb. Vampira watched Lydia from head to toe and felt that starting a fight with Elvira in front of the young Gothic girl would not be appropriate. \"A truce?\" asked Vampira. \"All right,\" said Elvira, who was frowning as much as her interlocutor. The group went to the living room, from there they had a magnificent view of the Pacific Ocean, which in the distance looked like dark clouds that threatened to unfold a storm, similar situation was occurring in the house of Vampira. \"You say you have a magic orb?\" Vampira said, cutting the atmosphere of tension. \"That's right, Percy and I discovered it in an abandoned Indian cemetery,\" Lydia told her and then told her the details of her discovery. \"I'm sorry, but I can't tell you much.\" \"But why...?\" \"I'd rather discuss this only with you.\" After an exchange of glances, everyone came out to the pool, including the poodle. \"I accused Elvira of having plagiarized my character, but I myself \"adopted\" my image of Morticia Addams.\" \"And this has to do with the orb, doesn't it?\" \"I'm afraid so, yes. I promised Morticia I'd return the orb as soon as I got it back from Elvira.\" \"I understand, can you give me Morticia's address?\" \"Of course...\" The two women went out to the pool and Lydia told the group about Morticia Addams. \"Thank you Vampira.\" \"Don't mention it to anyone, Elvira.\" \"Why did you decide to help us?\" \"You'd better ask something else.\" \"All right, where's that bunker door going?\" Both Lydia and Percy thought Vampira was not going to answer but then they saw how her face lit up, apparently she was dying to tell someone what she was hiding. Vampira took them underground where there was what looked like an underground laboratory where there were several spider specimens except that these were mutations. \"Meow Lydia, look at the size of these things! They're huge!\" \"I knew you liked spiders, but how did you get...?\" \"The best of German genetics,\" Vampira interrupted Elvira. \"I'm trying to recreate Rollo.\" \"Rollo was not real, woman,\" said Elvira. \"It was to me. I'll try to get these arachnids to communicate with me.\" \"I see... Well, we have a lot to do! Good luck with your... madness. Come on, guys, let's go!\" Lydia and Percy exchanged glances with Elvira and decided to continue their search for the orb. CONTINUARÁ… Thank you for reading, don't forget to comment and vote, pretty please[Chapter 10] LYDIA DEETZ AND THE ORB OF STORMS Capítulo 10: Two ladies Fortunately Elvira knew Morticia Addams' address, and drove her huge black car back to the city. The voluptuous woman made a firm turn with the chain-shaped handlebars that unfolded the image of a pentagram, and soon they arrived in the Japanese town. \"What happened to the Victorian house? Percy asked. It became a supermarket,\" Elvira replied. Boy, it wasn't real, nothing about the show was, of course Morticia is. I guess from where we are, we'll find Morticia's Japanese hobbies to be real,\" said Lydia. \"Yeah, you're right, well, we're already at her mansion.\" The mansion was in the traditional Japanese style, with a large Zen garden on the front wall. The group got out of the car with the exception of Gong, whom Elvira told to stay to guard the old Ford. The woman rang the bell and soon Morticia herself opened the door for them. She kept her classic black, tailored dress and looked with polite interest at the unexpected visitors. \"Elvira, what do you want young lady?\" \"Thanks for the young lady thing, though you only noticed the obvious.\" \"Excuse me, Mrs. Addams,\" Lydia interrupted, \"we're here to talk about a magical orb that Vampira gave back to you.\" \"Ah yes, the orb of storms.\" \"The orb of storms? Percy said strangely.\" \"Come on in, let's talk inside.\" The interior of the house was a curious mixture of oriental and western style, a bit quirky but not surprising considering its owner. Did you tell us anything about an orb of storms? Lydia took up the subject again once everyone showed up and sat in a dining room with a big pot full of rose stems, which had had their flowers cut off. \"Yes, an object with magical powers seems to have the capacity to generate rain, among other things.\" \"That would make a good gizmo,\" said Elvira. \"Well, in the end it's nothing more than that, a gizmo. At least until you find Its pair. You see, secret societies are said to have created the two orbs of the storms, one was the Golden Dawn in England, the other the Fog Society in France.\" \"That's impressive,\" said Lydia. \"It is, the largest and most secret occult societies at the end of the nineteenth century. Of course, after the disappearance of these, the Orbs went to this country, one was in my possession and the other disappeared in the 1920s, it is said that Theda Bara hid it, but these are unconfirmed rumors.\" \"And who is that woman?\" Percy asked. \"She was an actress from the time of silent films,\" said Lydia. \"Theda Bara is considered the first actress with a Gothic feel on the big screen. Excuse me, but you say the orb was in your possession. Didn't Vampira give you the orb?\" \"She did, but I had to give this one to Lily Munster.\" \"Why did you do that?\" Elvira asked. \"Because of the war of studies in the early 1960s, the ABC vs. the CBS. In the end, Universal Pictures won the game and I signed a contract to give the orb to Lily.\" \"Lydia, I think we're going to keep going round and round to get the orb,\" said Percy. \"That's right, you better leave it alone, niece.\" \"It seems strange to me that Universal Pictures has claimed the orb after so long and as soon as they heard about its return,\" said Lydia. \"I don't think a Hollywood studio was interested in a mystical object or even knew about it.\" \"You're right, it's very strange that they just came to complain. If you want, I can give you Lily's address.\" \"Thank you.\" \"Don't worry Lydia, how about I play you something on the shamisen? Or do you prefer the harp?\" Elvira promptly denied and the boys were afraid that the woman would be upset but fortunately this did not happen and after receiving the direction they resumed the search. The black Ford drove along the city road again, this time heading for the shopping area. \"I guess we won't be seeing a goth house this time either, will we, Lydia?\" \"That's what it looks like, Percy.\" This time they went to what looked like a modern electric or hybrid car dealership. \"Lily owns this place,\" said Elvira, \"of course, from what Morticia said, she lives on the top of the adjoining building: the women's headquarters for decent work.\" The feminist headquarters was a solid brick construction, the group entered the place (this time with Gong) and waited at the reception until the conclusion of a meeting chaired by Lily Munster herself. Once the meeting was over, the attendees left and the group took a small look inside. Lily, despite her age, retained the sublime beauty of her times on the small screen. \"I hope I look that good at her age,\" Lydia thought, recalling the phrase, \"ultraterrestrial beauty\", with which the woman was once described on television. The boys entered the meeting room and after introducing themselves asked her why she was the president of the feminist organization. \"It's because of my old TV show. The producers tried to counteract the women's liberation movements in the 1960s, so they always made me have a lot of jobs in which I would later fail in a monumental way to become a housewife again. I'm trying to correct all the damage I caused to the girls' minds.\" \"You judge yourself very harshly, girl,\" said Elvira at the same time as Gong barked at her. \"Thank you, but may I ask why you are here?\" \"Madam, we are here to seek the orb of storms,\" said Percy. \"I'm so sorry, but I don't have it anymore.\" \"What happened?\" Lydia asked. \"The people from Universal Pictures came and took It away. They said the creditors made an agreement with the company.\" \"That seems very strange to me,\" said Lydia. \"I think so indeed. I know that the orb is magical, but nothing can be done with it without its peer, so much recent interest and I think that somehow the second orb has already appeared there.\" \"I understand, thanks anyway,\" Lydia said goodbye. \"Bye, Lily. Just a word of advice: stop wearing the dress you wore on the show, it's pathetic, my friend.\" Lily raised her eyebrows at Elvira's words and then the whole group left the building, it seemed that they had reached a dead end in their search for the orb. CONTINUARÁ… Thank you for reading, do not forget to vote and comment pretty please[Chapter 11] LYDIA DEETZ AND THE ORB OF STORMS Capítulo 11: The old lady with the mangoes Since it was forbidden to park next to the feminist headquarters, the group had to cross the street to go to the front sidewalk where there was a garage where Elvira's car had been parked. \"What are we going to do now, Lydia? We don't know where the second orb of the storms might be.\" \"I don't know, Percy, but for the moment I think the best thing to do is to contact the executives at Universal Pictures, maybe they'll give us the address of the creditors who asked Lily for the orb.\" Before the other members even nodded at the idea of the Gothic girl, they were surrounded by about three individuals in suits and wearing huge sunglasses that did not match their elegant costumes of different colors and that shone brightly in the light of the star king at the zenith. The strangers pulled out guns and fired on the group. \"You'd better not make a scene here or you'll be sorry,\" threatened one of the guys in the light blue suit. Follow us without resistance. \"Lydia...\" \"Easy, Percy, don't make any sudden moves.\" \"Come on, doll, move that cute ass of yours,\" said another guy in the light red suit sneering. \"Listen, watch where you're pointing that thing,\" Elvira said. \"Calm down, breasts, I'm not trigger-happy. Are you impressed with my magnun?\" \"I was referring to the revolver between your legs, and because of its size, sure it's a derringer,\" said the woman, smiling smugly, causing the subject to frown. \"You better shut your dog up or I'll shoot him in his ugly face,\" threatened the other mobster in his yellow suit. Elvira tried to reassure Gong, but the poodle of irascible character continued to bark at the three subjects in the broad shoulder pads and bulging cups. When the mobster pointed his gun at the dog, a woman in her seventies appeared. Their skin was coppery and very rough due to the desert climate. \"Don't you want some nice mangoes, sir?\" \"Don't bother, old woman, we're too busy.\" \"They're very tasty and cheap. Come on, gentlemen.\" \"I told you, no, you old witch, get out.\" \"The mangoes are good for the skin, and they are sure to make your beautiful long sideburns look shiny and bulky.\" One of the mobsters lost his patience and tried to beat the poor old woman with his gun, but his attempt was stopped by a giant with coppery skin and a big dewlap under his chin. \"What the hell...?\" The subject did not have time to finish as a huge fist crashed into his jaw. The attack was so sudden that the second individual did not react in time and was punched by the man right in the mouth of the stomach. The other mobster pointed his gun at the newcomer but his entire face was hit by one of the old woman's handles. Cursing, he took off his big black glasses but could do little as the coppery big man crashed his fist right into his face. All three assailants were knocked out. \"Hurry up, we've got to get out of here!\" \"Who are you?\" \"There's no time now, dark dressed girl! Your car's too flashy, you better get in my truck!\" The members of the group exchanged glances and agreed to the old woman's request as they did not know if any more mobsters were around, ready to help their henchmen. The van was old but had the advantage of being a double-cabin. In the back there were many boxes with lots of chickens in them that kept making noise. The vehicle was lent to the highway, if it had been followed by the same car it would not have been precisely located, as many vans were driving along the road carrying several boxes of fruit or various animals such as chickens. \"My name is White Feather,\" said the old woman at Elvira's request, \"but that's my name from the reservation, everyone knows me as Gertrude. My grandson next door is named Isaiah.\" The subject was not very fat, but his dewlap made him look softer than he really was, a sweet, grown-up boy's face gave the group a warm smile by the rear-view mirror, and the similarity to his grandmother's could be seen. The woman explained to them on the tour that she was the great-granddaughter of Gray Raven, the old shaman of her tribe who received more than seventy years ago the orb of storms from the hands of actress Theda Bara. Gertrude repeated to them what Morticia had told them before, adding that both orbs could create rains in an area that would equal the surface area of the state of Texas. \"I wonder who wants both orbs? And most importantly, what do they plan to do with them?\" Lydia asked herself, but no one seemed to know the answer. \"I don't think they can do much damage,\" Percy said. \"It depends on the amount of rain that the orbs can summon, we are not talking about a heavy rainstorm, but a deluge. Something like the orbs that were created to produce benign rain can be used as a devastating weapon in the wrong hands.\" Everyone looked at Lydia and swallowed saliva except for the old woman who nodded her head and her grandson who kept his eyes on the road, which was difficult considering he had Elvira right next to him. \"And me without an umbrella, but first of all, we have to find out who were the little dickheads who wanted to kidnap us a while ago,\" said Elvira. \"Maybe this will help,\" Percy said and showed the group something he had in his hand: the identification of one of the thugs. \"He dropped it when he collapsed to the floor and I picked it up.\" \"Well done Percy,\" Lydia praised him, and the whole group felt that they were approaching to solve the mystery of the orb of storms. CONTINUARÁ… Thank you for reading, please do not forget to vote and comment pretty please.[Chapter 12] LYDIA DEETZ AND THE ORB OF STORMS Capítulo 12: Flying Cat All eyes in the foyer of the luxurious hotel were on an imposing, curvy woman. Tight garments that generously revealed many curves and milky-white skin unfolded before a rhythmic gait. The hairstyle and makeup highlighted the woman whose hips and breasts were clutched in dark garments: she was Elvira and entered the elevator as she winked at those present before disappearing from everyone's sight. Harvey Weinstein was one of the main gangsters in the city of Los Angeles, whose income was laundered thanks to his facet as a legitimate businessman, and that is that the individual was one of those all-powerful Hollywood producers. The fat guy with the shaved beard was very used to \"interviewing\" actresses to see if they could aspire to appear in a film, and it turns out that Elvira had long since caught his attention. Now he could give rein to his lower instincts. Someone knocked on the door and then one of the producer's two bodyguards, parked outside the entrance, let Elvira in, leaning her hands on her hips and accentuating the curves of this one while her long black skirt exposed her long, slender legs. \"Good night, Mr. Weinsein. I'm here for my job interview.\" \"Sure... of course Elvira, come in, make yourself at home. Champagne? said the despicable man who almost fell on his back when he saw the woman at the entrance of the penthouse.\" \"No thanks, the champagne weakens my voice and I would like to have it ready to read the script. Can I start now or should I let you get dressed first?\" \"This? It's just a robe, I feel much more comfortable like this.\" \"At least the robe is long.\" \"Yes it is, please sit down, Elvira.\" \"If you don't wear underwear under your robe, I prefer to stand.\" \"That's funny, Elvira.\" \"Not as much as getting hepatitis from sitting where you shouldn't.\" Weinstein soured his face but got it together quickly and offered Elvira a piece of the script to read. \"To better evaluate your abilities, my dear Elvira, I will be your interlocutor. You'll be The Beauty and I'll be The Beast.\" \"No way you grease ball.\" \"I beg your pardon?\" \"I say, kick the ball!\" \"Emm, yeah...\" Elvira began to read the script and Weinstein also did it with the addition that he not only read the damned lines, but also wanted to act out the scenes, which implied that the fat subject embraced the Gothic woman in a very obscene way. If at first Weinstein thought that everything was going to be very easy, then he was wrong, because Elvira was very smart and didn't let the subject get her, and so both of them kept going around the penthouse without anything happening. \"Well, Bella, you're cornered now.\" \"I wouldn't be so sure, Mr. Producer. You're trapped! \" Elvira drew the curtains and levitated outside the window and in the middle of the night, there was a black cat with a long, long tail around the waist of a Gothic girl: it was Lydia who was carrying a camera and equipment to listen to and record conversations at a distance. Weinstein fell backwards because of the shock, but then he started screaming for his bodyguards. The door opened, but through it entered Isaiah, Gertrude's grandson; the two guards were both broken down and unconscious in front of the door. \"Are you all right, Elvira?\" \"Yes, thank you Isaiah.\" Elvira went to open the window and this was the entrance for Percy and Lydia. When the dark cat turned into a catboy, the producer drowned a scream and then wanted to escape, a useless attempt was made as he was stoped by Isaiah who bent his arm and smashed his face against the wall. \"No, let go of me! What do you want?!\" \"Do you recognize the picture of the man on this ID?\" Lydia asked him. \"No, I don't know who he is!\" \"You're lying, I took it from one of the mobsters who wanted to kidnap us!\" Percy said and approached the man as he bristled his hairs and hair on his tail. \"No, get him away from me! I'll tell you anything!\" cried the fat man as he watched the fangs grow like a vampire. \"That's better,\" said Lydia, and the whole group paid attention to the man words. . . Lucio Ñañiquez was losing his patience, two days before he had forced Harvey Weinstein to give him one of the orbs of the storms. The man had done so, but had failed to give him the second orb, a situation he had made up for by assuring him by telephone that he had obtained the pair, he would give him the magic object in an abandoned factory, the problem being that the pervert was taking too long. The noise of a car engine alerted the old man and he went out to the entrance where there was already a limousine, from which the producer was leaving. \"Do you have the missing orb yet?\" \"Yes... Hey, this... What are you going to do with them?\" \"That's nothing to you worry about.\" \"True, but this settles my company's debt, doesn't it?\" \"Sure, now the orb.\" Weinstein signaled and the driver got out of the elegant vehicle, which was carrying the orb. \"That's a very big driver.\" \"Yes... He's also a bodyguard.\" \"Look, Professor... I know you told me not to worry, but I'd rather see the other orb, the one I gave you. To see that you have both and then you won't refuse to say that I didn't give you both.\" \"You mob guys are very suspicious.\" \"More like my producer instinct. Shall we go inside?\" \"All right, but then I want you to leave.\" Weinstein agreed and together with Isaiah they entered the abandoned compound. CONTINUARÁ… Thanks for Reading, don't forget to vote and comment pretty please.[Chapter 13] LYDIA DEETZ AND THE ORB OF STORMS Capítulo 13: Another kind of magic Both orbs emitted a flash that seemed to want to dim the brightness of the neon lights that had been brought inside the factory. \"Nice lighting,\" said Weinstein with a sneer. \"They light up well and their flash disappears a few kilometres away,\" said Ñañiquez, \"the important thing is not to attract the attention of anyone who comes to this place.\" \"I see, but now can you tell me what you plan to do with these things?\" \"I thought you just wanted to see.\" \"I became curious.\" \"Margaret Thatcher and Ronald Reagan meet to discuss the British victory in the Falklands. It doesn't matter, all I care about is that those two are here.\" \"There aren't many men here.\" \"Enough of them, now go away.\" Both the producer and Isaiah left the factory, the limousine arrived at a secluded spot, where three women were waiting for them. \"I saw about six guards,\" reported Isaiah, \"but there may be more. What do we do about Weinstein?\" \"I don't like it, but he did his part,\" said Lydia. \"We'll need his limo.\" \"But what are these men planning to do?\" Elvira asked. \"The orbs can create rain, and for that you need storm clouds, clouds that can display several powerful rays.\" \"What do you mean, Lydia?\" \"Aunt Elvira, I think they plan to assassinate the President and the British Prime Minister.\" \"How would they do that?\" Gertrude asked. \"Thatcher and Reagan are sure to travel by plane while they are here... An unfortunate bolt of lightning that strikes one of the engines and no one would suspect an attack.\" They all looked at Lydia and swallowed saliva. \"What do we do now?\" Isaiah asked. \"We have to wait for Percy,\" said Lydia, \"and I'm sure he'll be able to give us a better account of the situation.\" \"Gong barked as if noting his discontent.\" \"Don't be envious, Gong,\" said the owner, \"if you knew how to talk, we would have sent you and Percy to the factory to find out more.\" Fortunately no one in the group had to wait too long as Percy in his domestic cat form arrived to give his report. \"The KGB? Are you sure about this?\" \"I am, Lydia, I heard all those guys talking to each other.\" \"And how many are there?\" Gertrude asked. \"There are about nine people.\" \"Shall we call the police?\" Isaiah said. \"Let's do it, but I think we should still act. Ñañiquez and his men can leave before the police arrive and we may not be able to track them down.\" Everyone looked at each other and knew what they had to do. . . A couple of Soviet agents patrolled the place, the weather was cold and windy, but they didn't mind, after all they were used to the icy climate of the gulags in Siberia. \"Why don't we get the hell out of this place?\" \"Because the Profesor wants to first test the power of the artifacts before using them for the mission.\" \"Look, a cat. Come here, little kot .\" Not only had Percy infiltrated the factory, so had Gong, and he was also attracting the attention of another group of agents. \"Ouch! The fucker bit me.\" When the men looked away from the wound, they saw that in front of them was not a lapdog, but a ferocious and enormous rottweiler who was already charging against them. Weinstein's limousine was approaching the factory again and the men were wondering why the producer was coming back. They pointed their weapons at the luxurious vehicle, the driver's door opened and through it Elvira walked out with a seductive pose. The windows of the limousine went down and a light show was on as well as disco music, which was used by the woman to perform an act of erotic dance. The men's discipline was completely relaxed, even some were already dancing, not realizing that a giant was just behind the line of agents, and knocking them down one at a time with a powerful blow to their heads. \"Very good dancing, Elvira, you're great\". Clap Isaiah. \"Thank you, sir,\" Elvira thanked him and, together with the man and Lydia, they entered the factory. Ñañiquez performed a ritual to activate the power of the orbs when he heard footsteps behind him, not his men, but Elvira and company. The old man shouted for his men, but from two side entrances, only a fearsome rottweiler and a panther appeared, dark as night, both with traces of blood in their jaws, human blood. \"It's all over now, professor, Gertrude must be leading the police to this place right now.\" \"No, I'm never gonna give up. Death to capitalism!\" The old man directed the power of the orbs towards the group, his intention was to incinerate them, but something seemed to happen to the orbs. A couple of strong explosions destroyed the magical objects and wounded Ñañiquez. \"No... What happened?\" \"What we gave you was not the orb,\" said Lydia, who held the orb of storms, \"it was just a crystal ball, Steven miracle showed us when we went to Black Widow. I bought it for Percy.\" \"No... My mission...\" \"Communism only works when there is money,\" said Lydia. \"Now things look very bad and worse with Thatcher and Reagan, tell me, professor, is Mikhail Gorbachev behind all this?\" \"No, in fact he wants to start relations with the West, if that happens it will be the end of communism.\" \"I see, well, good thing we stopped your assassination plan. It's all over now, and I think the same thing should happen with the orb, it's very dangerous, it was before and it is in these times.\" \"Nooo!\" Ñañiquez shouted as Lydia released the orb and it shattered to pieces on the ground. The man began to cry with rage but that didn't matter anymore, the police sirens could already be heard at the entrance. . . Elvira couldn't be happier, Lydia had paid off all her debts and even got her a very important role in a Black Widow movie. \"The mistress of darkness,\" said Lydia, \"I think telling about your adventures in a film would be very profitable.\" \"You're right, I hope I have a good man to go with me, maybe Isaiah.\" \"It's a good idea.\" \"What about you, niece? Doing the same thing but with your adventures against Bettlejuice could work.\" Lydia hadn't considered this, she petted Percy in her domestic cat form and began to fantasize about another kind of magic: the big screen magic. FIN Thank you so much to everyone who read this far. ","Summary":" Dedicado a Winona Laura Horowitz Winona Ryder como Lydia Deetz . . LYDIA DEETZ AND THE ORB OF STORM"},{"Movie":"Beetlejuice","Title":"The first gothic princesses","Author":"Captain leon","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13041260","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Translation done with DeepL and my humble knowledge of English. Forgive any errors in grammar and punctuation, thank you. INTRODUCCIÓN Hello, this work is not intended to be an extensive thesis on Gothic culture. The Gothic can be understood as a very extensive sub-culture with several sub-classifications, so many that they even clash in aesthetics, musical tastes, philosophy and so on. As far as covering everything that refers to the Gothic from its origins to the present day would comprise many chapters. Just in this place I will show the first women who appeared on the big screen and on TV, be it these real action plays or cartoons. Not all of them, only the first ones or those who drink from pre-Gothic influences such as Edgar Allan Poe's poems or other references. Why cinema and TV? I'm sure you're wondering. It turns out that although Gothic culture has been influenced from the dawn of the fall of Rome, through the Renaissance and Gothic architecture, the novel the castle of Otranto, the Victorian era, the novels of Dracula and Frankenstein. It is with cinema and television that this culture took its most aesthetic aspects and with which it is related today, at least in the imagination of the general population. Forgive me, but I'm going to be a purist. Gothic culture emerged as such in the United Kingdom first and almost at the same time was followed by the United States. In the United Kingdom, the aesthetics of post-punk music would give rise to Gothic rock in the early 1980s and it was in July 1982 that the Batcave Club in London welcomed this sub-culture that was then called: batcavers. In the United States, with only months of delay and not derived, but parallel to what was happening in the United Kingdom, the aesthetics of death-rock music would originate Gothic rock in New York, its members and fans being called: Gothic. It is for this reason that I take the year 1982 as a reference. Anything that comes after this year would be called Gothic proper. And everything before 1982, no matter how much it influenced the Gothic culture, I will call it pre-Gothic. CONTINUARÁ…[Chapter 2] THEDA BARA Theda Bara was the stage name for Theodosia Burr Goodman, born in the United States in 1885. Of Jewish ancestry, she decided to leave school and become an actress and dyed her blond hair black. She took part in several small roles but the film that catapulted her to success was the 1915 play: \"A fool there was\". This silent film brings us the first influence on Gothic culture: a fatal woman, dressed in black, a man-eater vampire. In fact, with Theda Bara, the term \"Vamp\" was born, short for Vampire and currently refers to two meanings: Dracula style Vampiresa; Or unscrupulous woman who takes advantage of men and their money. And it is this last concept that is the focus of the film A fool there was, an image that would accompany the actress for the rest of her career. Of course, at the time Theodosia Burr Godman didn't have a stage name. It was the film studios that \"created it\". Theda, is an anagram of the word Death; Bara, is the Arabic word for \"death\". And so was born the first pre-Gothic: Thera Bara. . . Curiosities: The famous and very cinematic phrase \"Kiss me, fool\" was first used in the history of cinema by Theda Bara. Although Theda Bara happens to be an anagram for Death and Death in Arabic, Theda is actually short for Theodosia and Bara was her maternal grandmother's middle name. Contrary to the image of a \"vamp\" in her films, Theodosia was in fact an extremely shy and quiet woman in her private life. Of her more than 40 films, only three and a half remain, the others fall into the category of Lost Film; among these lost masterpieces is precisely his most famous film: Cleopatra. . . Quotes: I have the face of a vampire, but the heart of a feminist. People blindly believe what they see on the screen. They thinks that we artists are identical to our characters. They have come to tear up posters with my image because of that, even once a woman called the police because her son was talking to me. I'm doomed to keep playing vampire roles all my life. I think it's because humanity needs to be taught the same lesson of morality over and over again. CONTINUARÁ…[Chapter 3] THE FIRST GOTHIC PRINCESSES A rare comic strip In 1938, a comic strip was published in the U.S. newspapers that made fun of the style and aesthetics of the typical American family of that country. More than a comic strip, they were actually single-panel drawings, drawn by Charles Addams for various media outlets, especially The New Yorker. And what was the satire of the American family? For It focused on the dark and the macabre, and the members of this curious family did not seem to be aware of the repellent effect they caused to their neighbors. A curious fact is that these Addams are actually a small branch of an entire family clan scattered throughout the country. Yes, there are many Addams families scattered throughout the United States, and who knows, perhaps even abroad. Another curious fact results in the lack of names of the members of this family, since for many years none of them had names. They were only baptized by the author when Charles Addams \"drawings\" became so popular that the production of the TV series was prepared, only in 1964! This comic strip is important because it will influence pre-Gothic actresses from the 1950s, who in turn will greatly influence the creation of the Gothic sub-culture. CONTINUARÁ...[Chapter 4] THE FIRST GOTHIC PRINCESSES VAMPIRA Vampira was the name of the exotic and macabre character who would play Maila Elizabeth Syrjäniemi, born in Finland in 1922. At the age of 17 she arrived in the United States, where she would participate in film productions and modeling. It was at this time that she acquired her stage name: Maila Nurmi. The creation of the character of Vampira was more a casual than a planned event. It all happened in 1953, when Maila Nurmi went to a costume party, more specifically: the annual Caribe Masquerade. Maila Nurmi was disguised as the mother of the Charles Addams cartoon: The Addams (remember that in 1953, the characters in the comic strip still had no names). Her stunning image of a tight black dress, long black hair, and very pale skin caught the attention of a television producer, who offered the actress the chance to present horror movies for a television network. Vampira hardly ever comes to light as it seems that Maila Nurmi was not interested and it was very difficult for the producer to contact her. Fortunately, after many attempts, a contract was signed. Interestingly, Vampira's name was created by Maila Nurmi's own husband, Dean Riesner. Very appropriate choice since the exotic nature of the name guaranteed the success of the pre-Gothic fiction character. . . Vampira aired on April 30, 1954, on the show Dig me later, Vampira. A show that was soon replaced on May 1, 1954, by a more official one: The Vampira Show. The show was the first in history to feature horror films. Vampira was always accompanied by her pet: a huge spider named Rollo, to whom she spoke. In the Vampira show, she came and went on a stage full of cobwebs and fog, offered jokes and macabre twists, and instead of autographs, she offered epitaphs. . . The fame of the show was such that several impersonators and other characters were created to present horror films or other genres. Vampira was a resounding success and as an actress, Maila Nurmi, got several leading roles in several films. . . Curiosity: Maila Nurmi had a romantic relationship with James Dean, but then they had a troubled separation just before the death of the young and mythical actor. Since then, rumors had it that Vampira had put a curse on James Dean, causing his death. The character of Vampira is a clear influence for another famous pre-Gothic character: Elvira. CONTINUARÁ…[Chapter 5] THE FIRST GOTHIC PRINCESSES MORTICIA ADDAMS Carolyn Sue Jones, was an actress born in the United States in 1930, who throughout her career did not adopt any artistic name. With an unhealthy constitution, asthma greatly reduced her social activities as a child, but when she could she went to the cinema, which was her real passion. Unlike the two actresses mentioned in the previous sections, Carolyn Sue Jones was already a great actress who won several awards for her films. Of course, her weak health continued to accompany her until she even lost roles that would give great recognition to other actresses who replaced her. All this before playing her most remembered character: Morticia Addams. . . Let's remember that at the time of the broadcast of the television series in 1964, none of the characters of the Addams family created in 1938 had a name. It was Charles Addams himself who named all the characters, as well as giving them a background or family history. According to Charles Addams, the name Morticia implied \"Death\" (an obvious influence of Theda Bara), and derived from the word \"mors\", which in turn derived from the word \"mortis\", the Latin word for Death. Or it could also come from the word \"mortician.\" As for the family history created by Charles Addams: Morticia's maiden name is Frump, and the history of her family's side goes back to Salem, at the time of the Witch Hunt in that North American town. While the family on her husband's side comes from Spain (grandmother Addams moves in with Gomez/Homero when he is just six years old) Morticia also has a twin sister named Ophelia, which is practically her opposite image since she appears to be normal and dresses like a Beatnick (the philosophical current that preceded the hippies). Ophelia was also characterized (for obvious reasons) by Carolyn Sue Jones. She cultivates carnivorous plants, practices the Japanese art of ikebana, although in a rare way as she only uses the thorny stems of roses and plays the shamisen, a Japanese stringed instrument. . . The character of Morticia Addams, had much influence on what would be the Gothic sub-culture. Very white or pale skin, long black hair and a tight dress with a very open V-neck, which ended in a hem that simulated the tentacles of an octopus, this whole set of a jet black color. . . The Adams family show, aired on the air on September 18, 1964, was a resounding success from the very beginning, firstly because of the success of the cast, especially Carolyn Sue Jones, who had a lot of previous fame, and secondly because of the almost thirty years of publication of Charles Addams' cartoons. . . Curiosities: Despite the existence of color television, the Addams family's show was broadcast entirely in black and white, to save on costs, since the producers' decision to hire a heavyweight star like Carolyn Sue Jones cost them too much, but in the end this decision was very profitable economically speaking. The Frump family, of which Morticia belongs, is part of the Addams clan. This indicates that it is the custom of the clan to marry blood relatives to each other. This would explain the various deformities in the numerous members of the Addams clan, along with their eccentricities of personality (Although in real life the deformities and insanity caused by consanguineous marriages are not scientifically proven, at least not fully). It was Ophelia Frunt, who was to marry Gomez/Homero, but in the end she became discouraged, so it was her sister Morticia who ended up marrying him. Fortunately, they barely saw each other and it was love at first sight. The decision to hire a major actress like Carolyn Sue Jones would influence a rival production company to do the same for her series, which was to be the answer to the Addams family. I mean Yvone De Carlo, in the Munster family series. CONTINUARÁ…[Chapter 6] THE FIRST GOTHIC PRINCESSES WEDNESDAY ADDAMS Gomez and Morticia's daughter is Wednesday Addams, who was originally played by Lisa Loring, who was born in Kwajalein, Marshall Islands in 1958. She grew up in Hawaii, was a model at the tender age of three and in 1964 performed in her first television series. That same year she was hired to play the Addams family's under-six-year-old daughter. Let's remember that the daughter, like all the other members of her family, didn't have names until Charles Addams gave them to her in 1964, when the characters were created in 1938! . . As the character's costume features the typical flared suit for kindergarten girls, although this is dark and the white collar of the shirt is English, but exaggerated in size, perhaps reminiscent of the way the first English settlers dressed, including those living in the town of Salem, from which the branch of his mother's family comes. Long socks such as pantyhose and shoes are also dark colored. This whole ensemble was an influence on the later creation of the Gothic sub-culture. As aspects of personality, we have a girl who, although tender in her behavior, sometimes comes out with macabre twists and turns, all according to the environment in which she lives and the family she has had. It's different from the version played in 1991 by Christina Ricci, because apart from being 12 years old, she has a darker, even sadistic personality. Wednesday Addams (Merlina in South America, and Miércoles in Spain) has artistic skills, more specifically in painting. In addition, She has great skill in a Japanese martial art, we would say absurd in Judo, since She can defeat her father with a clean hand, which shows that she is very strong. Wednesday has many pets like piranhas, and others, however, show a predilection for spiders (clear influence from Vampira). In addition, she almost always wears a little doll that dresses like her, but which has no head and is called Marie Antoinette, like the last queen of France and who died guillotined. . . Curiosities: Her taste for judo was surely passed on to her by her mother Morticia, who practices ikebana and plays shamisen, both of which come from Japan. Her strength is surely inherited from her aunt Ophelia, who could throw her brother-in-law Gomez from a great distance. The Addams are wealthy and practice a Japanese martial art, and this fact was certainly an influence on the 2016 film: Pride and Prejudice and Zombies. Where they clearly state that \"the rich practiced karate, and the wise kung fu\" The Addams' wealth would influence another family whose member is a Gothic girl: The Deetzes, whose daughter Lydia Deetz is the Gothic character in Tim Burton's film Beetlejuice. In fact, the name Lydia comes to mean the ancient city of Lydia, which was the first place in the world where coins were minted, so its name would also mean wealth. The Addams are so rich that in the cartoons they are the real owners of New York's central park, and in fact their home is in the middle of the park in the musical that premiered on Broadway. Wednesday's mania for playing at beheading her doll, which by the way is called Marie Antoinette, surely comes from the stories that Grandmother Addams tells her, since although she and her son came from Spain, the great-great-grandmother of Gomez/Homero's mother, she lived during the French Revolution and survived the time of the Robespierre terror. Wednesday's character seems to have inspired the creation of Anita (Donovan's companion in Dark Stalkers' videogames and anime), the girl who always wears a decapitated doll. It is of a sombre character and like Wednesday she wears a pair of braids as a hairstyle. Chistina Ricci, who played her later, acted curiously with Winona Ryder in the film: Sirens with the singer Cher who played the bad mother. Curious because it would be Winona Ryder, who would later play Lydia Deetz, the Gothic girl from Tim Burton's movie Beetlejuice. CONTINUARÁ…[Chapter 7] THE FIRST GOTHIC PRINCESSES LILY MUNSTER Yvonne De Carlo, was the stage name for Margaret Yvonne Middleton, born in 1922 in Canada. Her mother enrolled her in a dance academy and at 18, she and her mother moved to Hollywood. Her career was successful from the beginning and she participated in several mega-productions of the time, becoming an internationally renowned film actress. . . It was the Hollywood War of Studies that led to the creation of the Munster family. The Addams family was created by the ABC studio. This made Universal Pictures' executives uncomfortable, as many of the characters (especially the Long Butler) resembled characters who until recently had exclusive rights, such as Frankenstein. Universal decided to fight back and with the help of the CBS study it was planned to create a series but equal, at least of similar characteristics to the Addams. It was for this reason that both the Addams and the Munsters not only premiered the same year, but the same month and less than a week apart! The Addams family (18 September 1964); The Munster family (24 September 1964) Source: The Addams family (18 September 1964); The Munster family (24 September 1964) As the show was practically a competition to the other Addams, it was decided to opt for the same formula, hiring a very famous actress for the role of mother. As with Carolyn Sue Jones of the Addams family, all the executives and casting were nervous that Yvonne De Carlo would not adapt well to participate in a small comedy series for television. However, like the rival series, the choice was the right one. . . The character of Lily Munster has her name from the plants of death: Lily (lilies). It is also a vague reference to Lilith, the succubus of Hebrew mythology. Yvonne De Carlo not only represented a mother who brought calm and control to her family of monsters, in real life and within the film set to the same role. Butch Patrick himself, who played Eddie Munster, told the press that Yvonne De Carlo was the mother figure he never had both on and off stage, since his real mother didn't care much for him. . . As with the Addams family, a whole background or personal story was created for the characters of the Munster family. The character of Yvonne De Carlo, has a noble title, so her full name (maiden name) would be: Lily Dracula, Countess of Shroudshire. Born in 1827, daughter of Count Vladimir Dracula (grandfather Munster), and his wife number 166 (simply called \"the grandmother\"). She and her father lived in Transylvania (a region of Romania), later she met Herman Munster and married him in 1865. The Munsters moved to the United States on the 40's and adopted Marilyn. In the 1950s she gave birth to her only son Eddie Munster. . . Curiosities: Despite rumors, Eddie Munster is not adopted as Marilyn, as Lily has a werewolf brother who appeared in a chapter. Perhaps this was the inspiration for the series of films \"Underworld\" with Kate Beckinsale. In which the werewolf and vampire race come from a branch called the Corvinos. Unlike Morticia. Lily Munster, more often performs more mundane activities such as sweeping and dusting the house (she has no servant), so that middle-class families in the United States would feel more represented by the Munsters than by the Addams, and thus have a higher rating. To counteract the women's emancipation movements of the 1960s ´s the Hollywood producers made Lily have a lot of jobs throughout the series, in which she failed miserably and then became a housewife again. Morticia Addams had the ability to \"smoke\", which consisted of exhaling smoke through her lungs without having to inhale any cigarettes. Lily Munster, on the other hand, could float or levitate. Lily Munster in the first few episodes, she played the harp. Here again we see the Hollywood Studios war, as Morticia did the same. To give her a more maternal attitude (and therefore make her more loved by the children than Morticia), the study allowed her to reflect in the mirrors, come out in the sunlight and not need to drink blood like her father. In the original pilot episode it's not Yvonne De Carlo, but Joan Marshall, who plays the Munster family's mother, and this character is not named Lily, but Phoebe (name perhaps inspired by Ophelia, Morticia's sister). Phoebe's character was rejected for two reasons: Her character was a clear imitation of Morticia Addams; moreover, she was more vinegary in character and fought constantly with her husband and son. The executives saw that this image would not be appealing to the tele-audience. Remember, they wanted to beat the rival studio. As with the Addams, the series was broadcast in black and white to save costs by hiring Yvonne De Carlo. CONTINUARÁ…[Chapter 8] THE FIRST GOTHIC PRINCESSES A rare film As we indicated earlier with one of the most famous pre-Gothic actresses: Vampira (April 30, 1954), the series of imitators who tried to emulate the original television phenomenon was relatively extensive due to the popularity of the show. None of these actresses became famous enough to serve as references and recordings of the television shows (if they had any) were lost forever. Let us remember that the aesthetics presented by Vampira was not yet an official fashion of the Gothic movement, since even this sub-culture did not yet exist. However, the comedy approach with its mixture of macabre themes was so popular that it was extended for a whole decade to culminate in the biggest television premieres in ten years: The Addams family (September 18, 1964); The Munster family (September 24, 1964). And it was also at the end of the 1960s that the polemic and controversial film director Roman Polanski would create one of his strangest works: The Fearless Vampire Killers or Pardon Me, But Your Teeth Are in My Neck (November 13, 1967) . . Polanski's film was intended to be a parody of the vampire theme, however, the film had so many themes of sexuality and macabre atmosphere that it ended up being a reference for what would become the future Gothic sub-culture. The extraordinary beauty of Sharon Tate (who does not act as a pre-Gothic) and her characterization in the film, was the inspiration for the actress who would become an actress divided between the pre-Gothic and the Gothic period: Elvira. . . As a final note, I could say that the film, as ridiculous as it may sound, evolved over time. By the standards of the 60's ´s with the sexual revolution and so on, this film was under the radar. However, in the current times (2017) when Hollywood now offers us ghoulish characters (vampires, werewolves, zombies) of a sweet nature with movies like Twilight or My Boyfriend is a Zombie, the movie with the sensual Sharon Tate seems to be too high-pitched both in the aspect of sexuality and in the macabre. . . Curiosity: The most famous scene (apart from the filming where you see the beautiful Sharon Tate cleaning herself in the bathtub) is the vampire dance. Curious because it did not influence later Gothic imagery. Vampires are always seen dancing waltzes from the early 20th century, however, in Polanski's film, the dance is much older: the minuet (1670-1750). CONTINUARÁ…[Chapter 9] THE FIRST GOTHIC PRINCESSES ELVIRA (PRE-GOTHIC PERIOD) Elvira was the stage name for Cassandra Peterson, born September 17, 1951 in the United States. At the age of 17, She convinced her parents to go to Hollywood where she got small roles in big-budget movies like: Diamonds Are Forever, from the James Bond franchise. She also traveled abroad where she worked for the director Federico Fellini, and upon her return to America, she worked as a model. . . In 1981 Hollywood producers made a cast to find a hostess for a horror movie show, in which Cassandra Peterson won the role. The actress and model were given permission to create her own image. At first she suggested the image of Sharon Tate (I imagine herself bathing in the bathtub) from Roman Polanski's vampire film, an idea that was rejected outright, creating the image of a sexy, punk vampire with which she is now known. The show would be called: Elvira´s Movie Macabre and would premiere in 1981. . . The show was a resounding success like never before seen for such pre-Gothic characters, comparable only two decades ago to the Addams or Munster family series. A lot of diverse material related to the show was economically very profitable. Among that extra stuff were Elvira's Halloween costumes, which were very popular. Despite this success, Elvira's clothing cannot be considered official clothing for what would later become the Gothic sub-culture, since the future Gothic people who wore these costumes did so as a parody, the same as Bela Lugosi's Dracula costume. . . Elvira's costume is black and tight, but unlike the actresses who preceded her, she has a more than generous cleavage. An aspect with which Elvira's own character jokes: \"the girl with the big... nails\". And speaking of nails, these are false and long, but they do not reach the length that Vampira looked like at the time. Her eyelashes are false and huge and accompany a voluminous cut hairstyle, very much in the style of the eighties, totally different from the long and loose hairstyle of the previous pre-Gothic actresses. The difference that stands out the most, however, is her personality. Like the other pre-Gothic actresses before her, her show, although comedy, has dark and macabre twists, but her personality in general is not grim (Vampira), elegant (Morticia) or maternal (Lily), but rather adopts the style of \"teenage girl from the valley\", imitating not only that kind of reaction, but also her way of speaking and tone. Besides, jokes are more irreverent and sexual with a double meaning. Elvira would star in a film in the Gothic period, called Elvira: The Mistress of Darkness', but I will deal with this in a later section. . . Curiosity: It is clearly the appearance of Elvira, a copy of the one that Vampira had, in fact Maila Nurmi herself, sued the show in court for appropriating her Vampira character, of which she still had all the rights. Justice ruled in Elvira's favor because Elvira's character did not appropriate the image of Vampira, but represented a similar fictional character. The debate among fans is still going on. CONTINUARÁ…[Chapter 10] THE FIRST GOTHIC PRINCESSES Princesses fallen into oblivion Throughout the decades, there were numerous actresses who, to one degree or another, represented characters of various pre-Gothic or macabre hues. Before moving on to the next section in which we enter fully into the Gothic period, I would like to briefly mention the actresses and films that were surely an inspiration for the future creation of the Gothic culture, but that unfortunately over the years (and decades) their influence is no longer remembered or given the importance it deserves. Forgive me for not mentioning all the actresses, for such work would be of a colossal nature. I will only mention the most representative cases on both sides of the great pond (aka. Atlantic Ocean) . . BRIDE OF FRANKENSTEIN (April 22, 1935) Elsa Lanchester (born in the UK in 1902), plays both Mary Shelley and Frankenstein's girlfriend in this American film with Boris Karloff. The main contribution of the character would be the hairstyle, which would be imitated in a certain way by the character of Lydia Deetz, played by Winona Ryder in 1988. The stripe of white stripe that runs along the entire side of Frankenstein's bride's hairstyle is also adopted by Lydia Deetz, not in Tim Burton's film, but in the cartoons, in fact the death rock group that Lydia founded, is precisely called: Frankenstein's Brides. Lydia Deetz also wears that kind of white-striped hairstyle on one side for formal events. . . BLACK SUNDAY (August 11, 1960) Original title: La maschera del demonio. Barbara Steele (born in the UK in 1938), plays in this Italian film the witch Asa Vajda, who was burned at the stake centuries ago and now wishes to absorb the life of Princess Katia Vajda (also played by Barbara Steele) to obtain immortality. Barbara Steele is considered the Queen of Horror in Europe, even taking part in prestigious horror films such as the American film: The Pendulum of Death/Well and the Pendulum, with Vincent Price in 1961. . . THE WEREWOLF VS THE VAMPIRE WOMAN (May 17, 1971) Original title: La noche de walpurgis. No, it's not the title of the acclaimed hentai: \"The Black Bible: The Night of Walpurgis.\" Patty Shepard (born in the United States in 1945), plays in this Spanish film the Countess Wandesa Dárvula de Nadasdy, who is revived and faces a werewolf in the film. This film is part of a series of films featuring the werewolf. This particular work was a great success in Spain, to such an extent that it began the period of horror films in that country and Patty Shepard's performance was so good that it was thought that it would replace Barbara Steele as the undisputed queen of European terror. . . So far a sample of my personal opinion the best exponents of pre-Gothic actresses and their best films that would lead them to influence the Gothic sub-culture. Next, I show three other actresses (already beginning the Gothic period itself) in interesting films. The characters they play are close to Gothic and therefore almost Gothic... almost. . . THE HUNGER (April 29, 1983) Catherine Deneuve (born in France in 1943), plays the vampire Miriam Blaylock, who has as her newborn vampire the singer-songwriter David Bowie, and tries to seduce a young actress played by the great Susan Sarandon, in what may have been her first lesbian role. This film points to the origin of the Gothic movement in the United States, in fact the music of the opening of the film is from the band Bahaus, which influenced musically the creation of the Gothic culture. Unfortunately, while the film may be considered somewhat within the gothic aesthetic, the same cannot be said of Miriam Blaylock's character, more than gothic, it actually shows a glamorous snobbish image of Beverly Hills or Malibu. A curious note is that years later the actress Susan sarandon and Winona Ryder would act together in the film: Little Women of the Year 1994. Curious because it would be Winona Ryder who would play the role of Lydia Deetz, the Gothic girl in Tim Burton's film Beetlejuice. . . CONAN THE DESTROYER (June 29, 1984) Sarah Douglas (born in the UK in 1952), plays the evil Queen Taramis (it's my imagination or all queens are evil) This sequel to Conan the Barbarian's film, with Arnold Schwarzenegger, cannot be considered Gothic in any sense, but belongs to the fantasy genre or sword and witchcraft. The most beautiful but perverse Queen Taramis, however, wears a set of Gothic clothes: fine silks with suggestive and provocative openings when she is in her palace, and a black armor adorned with fine dark furs and a very elegant and delicate cloak despite its sombre appearance. The character of Taramis, cannot be considered Gothic since her main role is to act as the evil queen in turn who tries to kill the princess later. A curious note is that Sarah Douglas had already worn black clothes in 1980, more specifically in the film Superman 2, with Christopher Reeve. It's a pity that her interpretation of that time did not focus on the Gothic, but on the villain of the trio with superpowers from Krypton trying to kill Superman. . . LEGEND (28 August 1985) Mia Sara (born in the United States in 1967), plays Princess Lily, who must be rescued by a young commoner played by Tom Cruise (this plot sounds familiar from several TV, movie and video game franchises). Legend, can not be considered as Gothic in any sense, but belonging to the genre fantasy or sword and witchcraft. Princess Lily never acts like a gothic character, except in a very small but memorable part: when the devil finally manages to tempt her, making the princess wear an exquisite gothic dress that is nothing to envy in glamour those who would wear years later the queens of the Snow White franchise and the hunter. The dance scene when Princess Lily becomes Gothic is sublime, but it doesn't last long and therefore this character cannot be considered Gothic. . . These last three actresses were so close to being the first real gothic princesses, they lacked the penny to make weight, so close and so far... By a bald frog hair! But don't worry, in the next section the first Gothic princesses will appear, starting with a character, the first one with Gothic characteristics in Tim Burton's films, I mean Lydia Deetz. The influence that not only this character would have, but also the actress who plays it: Winona Ryder, for the creation of Gothic culture, was something that nobody expected (not even she herself) and that will surely surprise you. CONTINUARÁ…[Chapter 11] THE FIRST GOTHIC PRINCESSES LYDIA DEETZ Winona Ryder is the stage name of Winona Laura Horowitz, born in the United States on October 29, 1971. This actress of Jewish descent whose roots can be seen as far back as Russia and Romania (Dracula's land, and the greatest Olympic gymnasts: Nadia Komaneci and Andrea Raducan), was always very clear that she wanted to be an actress. . . According to the legend... Yes, because the next part seems to be out of fantasy instead of reality, but it really happened: When she was very young she wanted to try her acting skills and disguised herself as a boy, going to school afterwards. The children finally hit her on the head and made her bleed because she had a very feminine face, but she achieved her goal: none of them knew she was a girl, so she returned home with the bleeding wound as if it were a glorious war wound. Her parents enrolled her in the prestigious school of dramatic art: The American Conservatory Theater in San Francisco. And some time later she participated in the films: \"Lucas\" in 1986, where she would play the role of co-star; and then she would participate in the film \"Square dance\" in 1987, already playing the leading role. Both films and her performance in particular were critically acclaimed, but they were not a box-office success. It would be her third film that would bring her international fame: Beetlejuice, on March 29-30, 1988. All thanks to three factors: First, she impressed Tim Burton very much with her performance in the film Lucas; second, Winona Ryder had such a youthful appearance that she could easily play characters much younger than herself, which eliminated the risk of hiring a child actor who didn't know how to perform well in the middle of filming; and third, with her aesthetically perfect face, skin that changed according to the lighting between very white and sickly pale, coupled with the fact that she had huge black eyes that matched such dark hair that nothing had to envy the most popular pre-Gothic actresses, made her the actress to win the casting. . . Director Tim Burton, after directing his first film, which had a very childish aesthetic (like SpongeBob or Jim Carrey's films), wanted to try something new, something that would mix the macabre with comedy, but he wanted to move away from what had previously been done with the Addams or Munster family. . . I have to point out before the Gothic purists point it at me with their middle finger (or with the V of victory but showing me the back of the palm of their hand if they are from the UK), that Tim Burton's film is not a hundred percent Gothic, I would say it has the style: Tim Burton. Lydia Deetz's character, however, is a hundred percent Gothic. And for those who doubt that she was the first female Gothic character to appear on the big screen, I tell you the following story: Lydia Deetz wasn't supposed to be Gothic at first! The urban tribe that was in vogue in the early 1980s were the death rockers, immediately prior to the Gothic, as were the beatnicks to the hippies in the 1960s. Tim Burton took a big risk and chose to leave aside the image of death rocker that Winona Ryder should wear, and instead bet on a new sub-culture, a recent urban tribe that just showed the snout of bats: the English batcavers or Gothic as they called themselves in the United States. . . This was a problem that no one, not even Tim Burton himself, foresaw: What should a Gothic girl look like? It was obvious that she should wear black clothes, but apart from that neither the director nor the producers had any idea exactly what the young actress should look like. It was obvious that their preconceptions and prejudices about this new \"urban fashion\" had taken them by surprise. Should they go back to the old concept of a death rocker? Should she dress like Morticia? Turn her into a punk? The project, incredible as it may seem, seemed to be coming to an end for a cause as foolish as the simple choice of costumes. It would be Winona Ryder herself, who would come up with the solution. . . The bard tells the most inspired nights... That it was the same actress who chose much of the clothes she would wear, in several stores in San Francisco, however, the Gothic fashion was not yet defined and she had to complete the clothing by resorting to old costumes worn by her grandmother. She planned how she should take the whole set in combination and oh muses! The various Gothic costumes that she would wear throughout the filming were born. Lydia Deetz was born. . . Lydia Deetz's name comes from the ancient city of Lydia, which was the first place where coins were made (perhaps an influence on the wealth of the Addams family); on the other hand, the name Deetz, on the other hand, has no meaning, rather it is an aphorism that indicates people who are snobbish with money and who boast their supposed good taste but who fall into ridicule (something right, seeing as Lydia's father and stepmother are). It was decided that Lydia Deetz would not wear any makeup to separate herself from the previous pre-Gothic actresses. She would wear the hairstyle of the bride of Frankenstein for certain occasions, but not so voluminous and without the white stripe on the side. Her normal hairstyle would be something long and bulky but only shoulder-length, the front would have an elegant High Class style, and the back would fall elegantly in the Booby Cut style. . . Winona Ryder plays a fourteen-year-old girl, who is forced to move from New York to a small town. In the end, however, it is enchanted by the house for a number of reasons: It is Victorian (Gothic); it is located right on top of a high, narrow hill and dominates the view of the surrounding area (an image that would later become popular for haunted houses whether in the cinema, television or video games); and third, it is inhabited by ghosts! Lydia's character is presented in a very elegant way in the film, sitting on a black couch like a princess or queen. Its Gothic appearance is what most attracts the attention of the ghosts in the house, despite the extravagance of the rest of the family, including a fat guy who invites himself to the move. Lydia likes the house and shows no aversion to a spider in her web as soon as she gets home. She seems to like photography very much because she has several cameras around her neck, whether they are snapshot cameras or more professional ones to develop them professionally in a dark room, and it is her father who offers to build her a dark room so that she can develop her photographs, which shows that despite her young age she is already very intelligent and mature. The elegant attitude of the principle is seen as a shield for a girl who is afraid of living in a new place, in addition to being depressed in character, perhaps accentuated by the death of her mother and having a father who is obsessed with work and who does not have (and does not want to) share time with her. Her relationship with her stepmother is not the best, the woman is simply an insufferable snob who has no intention of getting along with her. Interestingly, both have a macabre taste for art, yet Lydia's tastes are classic and Gothic, while those of her stepmother are modern and contemporary. Because of the bad relationship she has with her family, she needs a lot of affection and does not hesitate to accept the friendship of the ghosts of the house. These at first try to scare her but she, because she is Gothic, is not afraid of what would scare others, as the ghosts themselves tell her: \"At your age a ghost would have frightened me\". This shows Lydia's Gothic character as even at first she is hopeful of seeing ghosts full of blood and pus. Lydia Deetz is very perceptive and therefore does not believe the lies of the evil ghost Beetlejuice tells her. Artistically, Lydia is a fan of opera as she listens to Maria Callas, the greatest opera singer in a play with a clear Gothic touch: Lucía de Lammermoor, as she writes her suicide letter! Depressed, she decides to kill herself by throwing herself into the same river where the previous inhabitants of the house died, but when she meets Beetlejuice she decides to make a deal with him (something that is not seen in the film but is supposed to be), the ghost will kill her so that she can meet her ghost friends who apparently left the house in the afterlife. Although she is insecure in her attitude towards her parents' snobby friends, she later shows the greatest courage and sacrifice of all to save her ghost friends by agreeing to marry Beetlejuice, knowing that the evil poltergeist's intentions towards her are not at all romantic. At the end of the film you can see a more determined Lydia, although she doesn't give up her Gothic fashion, since underneath her regular school skirt, she wears a black skirt... the same one she personally chose from her grandmother's old clothes. . . The film was an international success, so much so that its aesthetics would be the one adopted by Tim Burton from now on, and it catapulted Winona Ryder to world fame. But undoubtedly the most important aspect is the fact that she has contributed so much to the creation and establishment of the Gothic culture, an aspect which she herself is certainly not aware of. Universal Pictures created several theme parks for Tim Burton's film in various countries, one of which was Japan. And here's an interesting point: The Japanese were influenced by the character of Lydia Deetz and created their own Gothic style: The Gothic lolita, which takes two main variations, the one based on the old dolls of the early 20th century but with short skirts; and the more classic one with long skirts, clearly influenced by Winona Ryder and her character Lydia Deetz. . . Lydia's lines: Delia hates the house (then looks closely at the spider). I could live here. My life is a darkroom, a big darkroom. The living ignore the rare and unusual. I'm myself strange and unusual. I'm alone, absolutely alone. But I want to die too. . . Curiosities: At first Winona Ryder did not want to play Beetlejuice, she considered it too \"satanic\". And she's not to blame, the original script differs greatly from the script used for the filming, as it is completely horror-cut, with mutilations to her character and even suffered a rape. Lydia Deetz's various costumes are to this day among the most sought-after on Halloween, with several online and physical stores selling them and even video tutorials on how to make up as the gothic girl in the movie. The red wedding dress that Winona Ryder wears is the most popular at Halloween parties, according to polls. The two most popular characters in the film, Lydia Deetz and Beetlejuice, were cartooned. The cartoon series, although it takes place in a macabre atmosphere, is lighter than the film, for example Lydia, is still Gothic but her personality is no longer so depressing and suicidal. In the cartoons, Lydia founds the death rock band: Frankenstein's girlfriends. Funny because Lydia in the original script wasn't Gothic but a death rocker. The famous actress Juliette Lewis auditioned to be Lydia Deetz, but the role fell to Winona Ryder. CONTINUARÁ…[Chapter 12] THE FIRST GOTHIC PRINCESSES ELVIRA (Gothic period) Let's remember that in one of the previous sections, I referred to Elvira (a sui generis case that lies between the pre-Gothic and the Gothic), the presenter of horror movies series B, who had reached American fame with her show for television: Elvira´s movie macabre, in 1981. But international success was lacking, a film was needed. Unfortunately, the actress Maila Nurmi, who played Vampira decades ago, had sued the producers of Elvira's show for appropriating her image without her consent. The lawsuit delayed the project of the film and when in the end everything was aired in Elvira's favour, no matter how much haste they had, in the end the film was released a few months after Tim Burton's film: Beetlejuice (Beetlejuice - March 30, 1988; Elvira, mistress of the dark - September 30, 1988). Unlike the studio war between The Addams and the Munster family, in the case of Tim Burton's film and Elvira's film, there was no confrontation, it was simply a coincidence that both were released the same year. . . The film would be called: Elvira, mistress of the dark. In which, the protagonist in order to collect an inheritance, travels to a small town where the inhabitants are xenophobic to the core and make her life impossible. In the end, Elvira saves the people (and perhaps the whole world) by confronting the true villain played by the well-known actor: William Morgan Sheppard, who under a mask of a respectable citizen and pillar of the community, hides his satanic nature. At the end of the film, Elvira looks at the screen and says goodbye with her famous phrase: \" May you have sweet nightmares \". . . For the project it was not necessary for Elvira to change clothes or personality. With what the film may well be described as a family comedy, however, just as in her show, the irreverent, two-way jokes with sexual content and unexpected horror scenes are present in the filming, which would eventually catapult Elvira's character to international fame. An interesting aspect of the film is that Cassandra Peterson would take advantage of her previous experience in showgirl and dancer work to give us one of the most memorable scenes at the end of the film. Elvira achieves her dream of dancing in a Vegas show. The show itself is an erotic dance, with good taste but with very dynamic and aggressive characteristics, something that would never have been dreamt of by any of the pre-Gothic actresses that preceded her and that only Cassandra would dare to perform, achieving total success in the process. . . Since in this work I consider the year 1982 to determine what is encased in the pre-Gothic of the Gothic itself. And considering that Lydia Deetz appeared almost six months before Elvira on the big screen, I can conclude that Elvira ranks second among the first Gothic princesses. Bad luck, Elvira, but second place isn't bad, not bad at all. Long live to the Mistress of the Dark! . . Curiosities: Elvira would produce a sequel: Elvira´s haunted hills in 2001, which is practically a parody of the old films of the English company Hammer, specializing in horror and vampire films with Christopher Lee (who played several times Dracula, Lord of the Rings' Sauron, and Count Doku in Star Wars). Elvira had a couple of games, the most popular without a doubt: \"Elvira 2: jaws of cerberus\", a puzzle and horror game by the company Horror Soft, distributed by Accoelade in the 90's, the golden decade of computer games with their graphic adventures and more like the present game. CONTINUARÁ…[Chapter 13] THE FIRST GOTHIC PRINCESSES NANCY DOWNS Fairuza Balk is the stage name of Fairuza Alejandra Feldthouse, born in the United States in 1974. From the age of six he participated in small roles in both North America and Europe, eventually becoming the star of major productions such as the disturbing Disney sequel to the Wizard of Oz: Return to Oz; or the star of the TV series: The Worst Witch. However, her fame would come with the film: The craft, on May 3, 1996. . . In the film The Craft, Fairuza Balk plays Nancy Downs, a Gothic teenager who is the leader of her group of friends, who discover that a newcomer to the school where they study is the key to their magical powers. Once the quartet of girls is formed, they begin to perform magical rituals that work, the most spectacular of which is to heal the severe burns of one of the members played by the beautiful actress Neve Campbell. Since the original trio of friends were bullied by the rest of the school, they decide to take revenge and misuse their powers, which is censored by the newcomer. There is a confrontation and Nancy is defeated along with her two friends, who end up losing their powers, a fate not as bad as Nancy's, who went mad and is now locked up in a psychiatric hospital. . . Although the original trio of friends can be classified as Gothic, it is Nancy Downs, who stands out more for her clearly Gothic attire than her friends who wear them in a much more concealed way. Nancy Downs' clothing leaves aside the pre-Gothic costumes worn by as many actresses as Vampira, Morticia, Lily or Elvira; it also departs from the classic Gothic dress created by Winona Ryder for her Lydia Deetz character. Nancy Downs has a more modern look that is accompanied by make-up on her face, in short, the modern image that society has of Gothic people today. . . There were probably actresses who played Gothic roles in television or movies in the eight-year period from Lydia Deetz and Elvira's films to The Craft. However, I consider Fairuza Balk to be the third first Gothic princess, since the film The Craft (art) was so successful that it definitively cemented society's concept of Gothic. . . Curiosities: The spells that girls practice are strongly inspired by Wicca, a neo-pagan religion. In fact, in Wicca it is called knowledge and magical rituals: The Craft. The film The Craf was so successful that it was the inspiration for the famous television series Charmed in 1998, in which the famous actress Alyssa Milano would participate. Fairuza Balk, not only did she play a dark character with Nancy Downs. In later roles she always looked for such characters since she is Gothic in real life. . . Final curious note: And so I end this work, right in chapter 13... May you have sweet nightmares. FIN ","Summary":" Translation done with DeepL and my humble knowledge of English. Forgive any errors in grammar and p"},{"Movie":"Beetlejuice","Title":"The Punk and the Poltergeist","Author":"Steal Beating Heart","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7378296","Passage":"[Chapter 1] O k Boils and Girls this is my first chapter of my Beetlejuice Fan fiction yay. I grew up with the cartoons as a kid and i fell in love with the film later on but i still adore both. With that in mind, this is kind of a mix between the cartoon and the film but mainly the film. I hope you enjoy it, please feel free to comment and review. Thank you to The Art of Suicide For making me aware of the double post. It is now fixed and updated. It had been a long time since Lydia Deetz had visited the quiet slice of suburbia known as Winter River. Five years since she had last stepped foot in the sleepy little town and for a good reason; it was because of Him or rather the memory of him. He had in fact been swallowed up by a sandworm never to be seen again. Yet whenever night drew in along the eaves of the old house, she could swear she could hear a voice whispering her name along the wind. She could hear crackling in the walls late at night; a deep, manic, unforgettable laugh, that caused her to go as stiff as a board as a chill ran down her spine. There had been something about the man that was so inexcusably vile and repugnant; that those of a weak constitution had been known to lose their lunch at the mere sight of him. If the rather distinctive black and white striped suit; caked with literally century's worth of dirt, blood and other more unspeakable stains didn't do the job, then the smell certainly did. His lifeless breath could peel paint off the walls let alone the rest of him. It made her shudder as she remembered the sight of his rotting teeth, black with puss and bugs oozing out from between the gums. Not exactly a sight one would forget but not exactly one she wanted to remember either. That was why she had left, to try and forget. Being in that house bought it all back, wave upon wave and day upon day. The staircase was the worst. She remembered how 'he' had turned himself into a snake, in order to torment her family. She remembered how he had cackled with malice in his voice, telling her father; \"We've come for your daughter Chuck\" before fixing his gaze on her. It sickened her to remember how he had fixed her with a terrifyingly haunting and hungry look; that reminded her of a wolf eyeing up a lost little lamb, luring it away to become its supper. His tale had rattled angrily as a forked tongue darted out of his lips, in order to lick her face. Just in time, Barbra had called his name, making the ghoulish snake disappear. The whole incident had made Lydia physically sick and she still recalled it in her nightmares all these years later. She had to move out for her own sake; being in that house just wasn't good for her. The whole house was a museum of that terrible night of the dinner party. She couldn't set foot in the dining room or the living room for that matter without feeling sick; even though Delia had redecorated and got a new table. In the end, there had only been one choice in her mind, she had to move out or she would go insane. She told Adam and Barbra that she was moving out because of her photography career and opportunities only the big city could provide. She didn't dare tell them the real reason she needed to move. How could she, it was their house, after all, their home and they had always made her feel welcome. So how could she possibly tell them, that being in their house made her sick to her stomach; or that she was in constant fear of what he would do to her if he got out... no not if, when! After all, it was only a matter of time and the self-proclaimed 'Ghost with the most' came back for revenge. He was deviously crafty, ignoring all rules and regulations that got in his way; breaking reality as she knew it with a simple click of his bloodstained fingers. Well all but one rule, the most important one of all. He couldn't exist in the mortal realm on his own, and in order to gain corporeal form, someone had to say his name three times. Why three times? She wasn't sure, but after that he would be free to 'let the juice loose' however he liked. She remembered all too vividly how in the naivety of childhood she had summoned him thinking, he would be able to help her. He did the exact opposite of helping; he had made her family's life a living hell and he seemed to take extreme pleasure out of haunting her in particular. He had taken a perverse pleasure in tormenting her; being almost sweet to her one moment, before being intolerably vile the next. She grimaced as she remembered the first time she had seen him 'in the flesh' so to speak. She had seen him manifest himself quite a few times at this point, but he was still a ghost and nothing could hurt him. It wasn't until he had tried to force her to marry him. She shuddered at the thought of how his dead, scaly hand had clamped down over her mouth; as he threw his voice for the \"I Do's\", making her feel like a human ventriloquists doll. She felt a sickening pang in her stomach, as she remembered every detail of how her very late ex-fiancé had been swallowed up by a sandworm. \"Karma is a bitch babe\" she muttered to herself at the memory with a slight chuckle as her motorbike speed up the old dusty track to her home. The house truly belonged to Barbra and Adam, they had built it themselves, but as they were now devoid of any heartbeat to speak of the house legally belonged to her parents. However, they had moved out over four and a half years ago as Delia had claimed that it was 'stifling her creativity'. When in reality, she just wanted to forget that they had ever lived in that little cesspool of a house. It had been Lydia's choice to leave the house the year after her parents. Though Adam and Barbra were wonderful and had shown her more love and understanding that her own parents, she still felt suffocated. She flew the coop and never really looked back; leaving the two ghost's narrow-minded ways and it had been the best thing she'd ever done. Now she worked in the city as the head photographer of a world renowned Tattoo magazine. It was just her scene, full of beautiful dark artwork, bizarre piercings and pictures; along with a general rock and roll, punk attitude she felt she had been born for. Both of her ears were lined with small rings, that trailed from the lobe to the very top of the cartilage. Along with a small lip stud that sat just below her bottom lip on the very left. That wasn't all; her liberating new life had led her to get herself 'inked' by a client. She had designed the piece herself, each line and curve holding just as much meaning as the last. She had caught the ink 'itch' after that and now she wore several pieces proudly on her skin. As her bike speed up the drive, she could have sworn she had seen a face at the window of the attic. A pair of emerald green eyes peered over the peeling paint of the window sill. But from the outside, all Lydia could really see were tufts of dirty blond hair that seemed to be stained with a strange green substance. \"That's strange,\" she thought to herself knowing for a fact that Barbra and Adam had sealed up the attic a few years ago; 'just in case' and now the only way one could get inside was to scale the side of the house. Yet there was no window ledge for someone to climb and there was no access from the roof; so it was impossible for anyone to get up there. She dismissed it as just a trick of the light and revved the engine of her bike a little, the noise reminding her of what was real. She knew very well that the house was empty and had been for well over a month. No ghosts wondered the halls anymore and the house was silent for the first time in years. Adam and Barbra had moved out; deciding that they were going to spend the rest of their afterlife exploring the netherworld, 'retirement' they called it. \"Could ghosts retire?\" Lydia pondered to herself. As far as she knew her ghostly surrogate parents were stuck in that house, too live out the rest of their 'later days'. She had tried to coax an explanation out of Barbra, in the end, she just put it down to some netherworld politics bullshit and left it at that. After all, if you got a second chance would you spend your new 'un-life' pining for the old one? Of course not and that is why they had decided to as Barbra had put it 'move on to greener pastures'. They all thought it best if they save the goodbyes; a tearful farewell was the last thing anyone wanted. Instead, the ghostly pair has simply packed up and left in the middle of the night after informing Lydia by letter, that the house now belonged to her. That was why she was here, in the desolate little town where times seemed to stop. At first, she had been glad that the Maitland's had gone on to live a little bit recklessly, after being so timid and cautious in life. Yet she couldn't help but miss them, the soft motherly tones of Barbra's voice; or the kind gentle way Adam looked at her like she was their own daughter and needed to be protected. It was strange, but the pair seemed to smell ever so slightly of dust and stale air, but she just figured that was because they were dead. Ever since the Maitland's had 'move on' Lydia found herself thinking about that godforsaken house more and more. She found herself lying awake at night worrying about what could happen, now that it was lying so empty. It was a niggling feeling at the back of her mind; as annoying as an itch that wouldn't go away and it refused to let up, even when she dreamt about going back to the old house and living there once again. She became obsessed with the idea of going back to the house that she even began thinking about it at work. She ended up losing a few clients because of it. In the end, there was only one logical choice, she had to go back. The house was hers now, it was empty and silent and hers. She could change it however she liked, put in new furniture, knock down a few walls; anything to make the house feel like new. She knew it would take more than a lick of paint to heal the ugly scars marring this house in her memory, but she was willing to put in the work and she was confident that she would learn to love the house again and forget the awful memories that the house contained.[Chapter 2] Ok, this is chapter two of my little fan fic. I hope you all like it and I hope it actually makes sense as I am a little feverish as I write this. I shall be upping the rating for this story to mature just because it's more fun that way and I can say whatever I want and less face it censorship doesn't really go with Beetlejuice's personality. I prefer him to be his rude, crude self because that's why we love him. Anyway, I hope you enjoy it and please review. I am not sure if any of you in the land of the living has been through the digestive track of a sandworm, but it is not a pleasant experience to say the least and not one I would recommend. Even our self-proclaimed 'Ghost with the most' found it a bit hard to cope with after the beast had crashed his wedding and swallowed him whole. He had been trapped there in the festering belly of the beast for four years without relief. He tried to escape by the conventional means and even some more unconventional ones; after all they don't call him the 'ghost with the most' for nothing. He did his best to slowly poison the beast from the inside out as he sat in his fleshy prison, but he was weak. Being eaten by a sand worm wasn't fatal how could it be, he was already dead after all, but it did havoc to his powers; it messed with them, dulling their effect on the living until he could hardly conjure up a beetle for him to munch on, let alone escape. Yet he had all the time in the world and slowly, very slowly his escape plan into action bit by bit until one day, he was free to exercise his revenge on the land of the living. You see every day he had sat there he came up with a new plan on how he was going to kill 'that little bitch Lydia' and her two pet ghosts. He took immense pleasure imagining the little brat crying, as he killed her parents and exorcised the ghosts of the Maitland's forever before he would turn his attention on her. All the waiting would be worth it the instant he got his hand on that little Goth bitch; so he could make her scream and cry in pain. Yet things weren't as simple as they may have seemed; yes he wanted to make Lydia suffer the most out of everyone, but his motives were twisted inside his brain. Sometimes he imagined listening to Lydia's strangled cries; the light dying in her eyes as she moved on from the land of the living. Other times he imagined making her scream and moan as he used and abused the Goth girl for as much as he wanted before he eventually killed her. He certainly enjoyed thinking about all the different ways he could make little Deetz scream. Sure she had been no more than a child, perhaps 16 at the oldest the last time he had seen her but that didn't stop him thinking about the tasty piece of jail bait. He was the 'ghost with the fucking most' for god sake and he could do what he liked to the little Goth whore. All cards would be off the table if he could get her to say his name, then she would be his for the taking. If she let him out, then none of the netherworld rules could touch him; especially if he married the little bitch before he showed his true colours. Then not only would he have a free pass to the land of the living, but a warm willing body for him to take whenever he pleased. He liked this plan more and more each time he thought about the things he could do to her. He began to feel the all too familiar itch radiate deep within his necrotic loins that could only signal one thing. Usually, he would have gone to one of the netherworld's many cat houses 'to get a little action' but that only appeased the itch for so long and did nothing for the ache. It was an ache deep within, that longed for the brush of fingertips against his cold skin or the divine caress of a lover's kiss. Real physical contact, that's what he wanted, that's what he needed. Sure whores were good for a ride or two but it wasn't what you would call real intimacy and that is what he craved. They did their part, smiling and bouncing their dead little silicon tits, but when it came down to it there was no spark. Even the hookers had their rules, they couldn't or rather wouldn't kiss him and most of them refused to look him in the eye. Yet it was worse when they did look at him their eyes fill with nothing but hatred and disgust for the man; for his teeth, his demeanour, his stench. They hated him but still went through the motions of grinding on his dead prick for a few hundred dollars and a drink. God most of them only exerted enough movement to get the job done, before they would order him away; so they could clean up in order to entertain the next in a long line of \"john's\". It was a risky business going to the otherworldly brothels. Though ghosts were immune to most venereal diseases crabs were a real problem. Now that was an itch that would never go away, the undead buggers would stay with a ghost for centuries. He scratched his crotch absentmindedly and smiled as it produced a muffled by none the less comedic 'honk' sound. \"When the hell did that get there?\" he mused to himself; his bloodstained fingertips diving into the never-ending depth of his pants pocket, before producing an old car horn. He squeezed it twice for good measure, a small chuckle reverberating deep within his throat before throwing the horn over his shoulder. His little visits to the houses of sin were fun while they lasted but did not to quench the ever present burning in his nether regions, though it did quell it for a while. He always felt disgusted with himself, that he had used to worn out hussies; and even more disgusted at the fact that the cheap imitation of the flesh hadn't worked. His need for intimacy coming back stronger each time clouding his mind and making his head literally spin with rage. What had he done to disserve this never ending torment? Ok trick question, he had earned his damnation at least a few thousand times, even before he had left the land of the living; yet he still thought it unfair. He had been cheated out of happiness, cheated out of the sweet freedom he had hoped death would bring him. There was no comfort, no joy. Even in the moment of his release; spurred on by the whores 'encouraging' groans he felt nothing. Just the same dull ache for a warm willing body beneath his, that would bend beneath his will and plaster fever riddled kisses along his jaw. He had learnt this lesson quite early in his afterlife and this soul-crushing fact had inevitably left him, bitter, twisted and irrevocably insane. Making him wish to stamp out happiness, passion and life where ever he saw it and he saw it painfully clear in the breathers. That is why he had become a 'bio-exorcist' taking a malicious pleasure in tormenting and sometimes killing the living representations of what he had lost. The moment he had become free from that infernal snake he went to the house so he could implement his depraved plan on the poor girl but he found the house to be empty. Well at least he had thought it had been empty, little did he know that it had been a trap. Juno and the Maitland's had spent the last four years planning and they had come up with a plan of bind him to something permanently so they could destroy him. The only problem with that was the object had to belong to someone who was of flesh and blood, in other words still alive. This meant that everything of the Maitland's was out of the question and all that was left was the old dresser mirror in Lydia's room. They had wanted something more solid to bind him into, perhaps a book or something like that, but it had been the only thing left in the house, so it would do. Soon Beetlejuice found himself living in yet another prison though this one wasn't made of flesh but glass instead. It was just as infuriating as the last time, but he already had a plan in place to get free. He had found a little loophole in Juno's little spell and if the person who owned the mirror wished him free then he could escape the prison of glass. But it would be only temporary; he had much bigger things in mind rather than just some shitty little day pass. He wanted to be free forever and for that he would need to bring out the big guns so to speak. You see if the person that owned the mirror fell in love with him then he would be free from his prison to exact his revenge, and as it just so happens the mirror belonged to little Lydia. Things couldn't be more perfect and Beetlejuice couldn't help but grin at the thought of all the things he had in store for poor clueless Lydia.[Chapter 3] Hello my lovely's i am so very sorry this update has taken me so long i have been very sick since i last posted. I have an immune disorder anyway which leaves me unable to walk and i am in a state of constant exhaustion (so i sleep a hell of a lot). Now i have also been diagnosed with being Bipolar as well. All in all i have a hell of a lot on my plate, i have been on the verge of hospitalization many times and so i have been unable to write a thing. However here is the second half of the chapter of the chapter i owe everyone. Thank you for the reviews it's always appreciated and feel free to bug me about writing the next chapter, sometimes i need a little nagging. Anyway enjoy and i send my apologies for making you all wait. Months passed since Lydia Deetz had moved back into the old house on the hill that had been her childhood home. Not that you would recognize it now, the rather garish floral country-style décor was nowhere to be found. Even her stepmother Delia's monstrous taste in sculpted furniture had been banished from the house leaving it a blank slate for Lydia's artistic side to run wild. She had converted the house into an art studio of sorts; the basement had been turned into a dark room for when she needed to develop her photos and the other rooms in the house had also been changed to suit her new life style. The so-called 'living room' had been turned into a model scene of a graveyard as she thought it was too ironic an opportunity to miss and she had painted a sign on the door which read 'The Living Dead Room'. The irony was even greater due to the fact that this had been the Maitland's favourite room in the house (besides the attic). It was also one of Lydia's favourite rooms in the house along with her bedroom which was relatively the same as it had been as a child, though now it was filled with 'grownup' things. Macabre art work lined the walls, giving the place a feel of dark elegance as if it belonged to a vampiric royal. Yet Lydia soon began to forget why she had ever felt scared of the charming old house. The aged walls held a comforting warmth within its crumbling wall that made it strangely inviting as if it had been calling her name. She hadn't been able to resist its call for long as it was in a word 'homely'. Though she had changed many aspects of the house she still felt as if there was something missing, something that used to be there when she was a kid and wasn't there now. It had been a strange crackle of energy which could only be compared to lighting a match in a firework factory and staying to watch the utter chaos that ensued. Now, without it the house felt flat and lifeless as if someone has pulled the plug on the life support leaving Lydia with the awful feeling that she was for the first time in her life, truly living with the dead. Of course she had lived with ghosts quite happily for years but they had been always been quite animated individuals considering that they were somewhat living impaired. The hallways had always echoed with Barbra's almost musical laughter and the sound of gentle, slightly out of tune humming as Adam worked on one of his toy models. Every now and then the peaceful atmosphere was shattered by a scream as Delia unveiled her latest monstrosity if a sculpture but the constant changing ambience was what had made the place so special. Now it lacked a certain je ne sais quoi that no matter how hard she tried it could never be replicated. Especially now the hallways and large echoing rooms of the hose were silent, as if someone had muted the house's beautiful crescendo, with only the humming of the fridge and the slow clicks of Lydia's heels as she walked across the bare wooden floors to break the unbearable silence. Of course she had attempted to liven things up with the occasional party and though her bizarre photo shoots did add a little glow of excitement to the place. It fizzled out all too soon like a sparkler dropped into a bucket of water. Once the drunken stragglers had made their way home in the dim morning light, muttering slurred goodbye's as they stumbled back down the hill, Lydia found herself alone again in the house. This time there would be no soft laughter to great her as she bounced her way drunkenly up to the attic, to be scolded and tutted at before being tucked lovingly into bed. Now if she ventured up those twisted stairs all she would be greeted by were piles of lonely dust sheets and empty paint pots so old that even the vapours have upped and left. The strange static energy that had once crackled through the house like a living pulse was noticeably missing and to Lydia, it felt almost as if the house itself had died. A restless feeling took hold of her and it only got worse as the year went on and the house remained silent and still. The sense of anxiety only increased to a maddening level until it became an itch festering in Lydia's brain. At times she wished that she could saw open up her skull like she had seen in the more macabre cartoons of a childhood. She could just imagine it, her fingers eagerly diving into the slimy grey matter to scratch the evil itch residing deep within her brain. Yes she liked that idea, the thought of all the blood and puss really did it for her even if it was her own. Though the thought of a bit of DIY brain surgery was incredibly tempting it wasn't exactly practical and so she quickly put that idea to bed. Oh, she knew what needed to be done, whenever she started to feel herself slipping back into the haze of depression she needed to do something bizarre and unusual. Only this would break the cycle of self-destruction and remind her just how much she liked being in the land of the living. All she needed to do was find a project to distract her and soon enough she would become so focused on what she was doing that all thoughts of becoming a resident in the neither world evaporated. Lydia found her project soon enough one rather miserable weekend when the rain rapped against the window making it sounds as if a small spider were tap dancing against the glass. She loved days like these, she wasn't sure quite why but there was something almost magical about them. The way the rain smelt as it mixed with the dirt as she trudged along purposely getting soaked to her skin. She found the frozen water amazing thrilling about as it stole all the warmth from her skin. It was comforting and arousing at the same time, for some reason it made her mind go into over drive until she was plagued by strangely sensual thought. Oh, how they tormented her and now matter how hard she tried to visualise her mysterious lover no images were produced just the same feeling. The carnal pleasure of a hand bringing a cold shiver up her spine before a pair of frozen lips hungrily caressed her neck. When those thoughts started to occur she quickly scarpered back inside to get changed into warm, dry clothes and thought she was warm soon enough she was still left with that haunting impression upon her skin. Today, however, she decided to skip her usual rain walk as there was a thunder storm rolling in and with the amount of silver jewellery she wore she would be something of a lightning rod. \"Is silver even conductive\"? Lydia asked herself as she busied herself about the house trying to take her mind off the upcoming storm. She sorted out various boxes containing old clothes and more specifically her winter wardrobe that she hadn't been bothered to unpack after the move. It had been late spring when she had moved in so she had seen no need to clutter up the wardrobe with unnecessaries. Now however there was an undeniable chill in the air and she knew she would need it soon. Unpacking said boxes, she began sorting through them only to find that she desperately needed to sort through her wardrobe. Sighing she began throwing clothes on the bed deciding that they constituted what would essentially be the 'keep' pile whereas the floor seemed to be the 'heap' pile. It was only as she got about halfway through sorting the various garments that she realised that she still had her teenage clothes. It really should have been obvious from the start as they were taking up over a third of the small walk-in wardrobe, the cheap often scratchy material were a far cry to the clothes she now fashioned herself in. Now they were soft and elegant, consisting mainly of corsets, skirts, dresses and obscure designer pieces which were quite simply to die for. Though her new style and clothes were a lot richer in taste they were still of a similar in certain ways, dark and all together gothic. Though her new clothes tended to be more eye-catching, Filled with unusual designs and slightly more colour they had more of a punk rock feel to them whereas her previous style was a lot closer to Gothic Lolita. She took out one particular dress and couldn't help but chuckle at it with amusement, the sordid little number had been one of her favourites just because it pissed off Delia. Alright not just because it pissed off Delia, though that helped quite a lot to secure it among one of her favourites. The garment had in fact been made by mother, her biological one. Delia was hardly what Lydia would call 'the mothering' type as the woman was as baron and harsh as the deepest crater of the sun. Hell, the woman couldn't even keep any plant alive more than a week, it was as if here mere presence made them wither and die. What chance would a human child have with harpy of a woman, who hardly compared to the loving warmth her real mother had radiated. She missed her mother more than anything, it was a hurt never went away though it wasn't as painful as it had once been. The pain in her heart whenever she thought of her mother's infectious cackle of a laugh, or her slightly crooked smile, had lessened over the years into something of a dull ache. It would never leave her, she knew that and it had shaped who she was today. Without it she honestly didn't know who she would be, certainly different. She certainly wouldn't be living here of all places, she would have been living in the city. Perhaps high in a gleaming silver apartment block that seemed to touch the sky, just like the one from her childhood. She began to feel a dull, draining pang somewhere deep inside her, which she quickly pushed aside. There was no point in pining in things that might or could have been. It was that kind of thinking that would make her lose it for good, she realised that as she looked back down at the simple black dress in her hands and instantly knew couldn't bear to part with it. Yes, it was probably too small for her now, even though it has been more of a loose smock costume dress when her mother had created it. The dress had trailed on the floor all through what she liked to call her 'squirt' years. She had shot up like a beanpole since then and filled out in several areas since then, mainly her bust more than anything else. Sometimes she found herself wondering if the damned twins who she had affectionately named 'Morticia' and 'Wednesday' would ever stop growing as it felt like she spent an inexcusable chunk of her paycheck constantly going bra shopping. Her fingertips caressed the delicate, fairy size stitches along the hems of the black shimmery organza her mother had lovingly stitched over the plain red material. The netting itself was rather unspectacular until you traced the netting along the left side of the dress where a ghastly looking but perfectly stitched murder of jet black crows flew across the fabric. At first glance, it looks as if the crows were in the air but upon closer inspection, it was evident that they were caught in a colossal spider's web that was spun in the most delicate silver that it looked almost real. Beneath the collar of the garment sat a black widow spider, her body fat and round from feasting on the ironic murder trapped in her web. Her crimson hourglass stood out particularly well against her spindly black body, highlighted by the red underlay that had been weathered by many a year to a dusky plum. The garment was delightfully morbid and dramatic just like her mother had been. The woman had possessed an elegance and natural grace which made even the tiniest action look précised and somewhat reminded her of how royalty would act in public. Evey movement a deliberate act; a carefully calculated move in a chess game played with a grace that only hours of etiquette training could teach. There really had been something magical about the way her mother had moved, so smooth and dainty that she looked if she were gliding even in the most deadly of heels. \"Keep,\" Lydia thought to herself carefully putting the garment into the keep pile. She would try it on later and even if it didn't fit her anymore she would never part with it, who knows one day she could even be giving said deliciously dark dress to a daughter of her own. She stopped and quite literally laughed out loud at the absurdity of that thought, her a mother never. For one she would make a lousy parent as she had literally no maternal instincts when it came to human children, animals and bugs, on the other hand, she felt quite a strongly for. Another very valid reason why the very idea of her becoming a mother was laughable was her state of being 'unattached and fancy-free' as her father liked to call it. She seemed to be permanently between boyfriends at the moment, not that she hadn't tried, she really had but they were never right for her. They were either always too hung up and self-absorbed with themselves or reeked of desperation, unfortunately sometimes this was quite literal. The few dates she had gone on over the years were flat and unproductive, having the amount of sexual allure of a deep-sea sponge. They had been mainly Delia's doing, though her dad hadn't exactly helped in the matter. A date every few years and then awful woman would pretty much leave Lydia to her own devices of which she was glad of. She sighed to herself, raking her hand through the loose curls of her deep ebony hair. At least she didn't have to worry about another date anytime soon and that was a weight off her mind. She hated having to make awkward small talk with a stranger who either hated being here as much as she did or was a just a tad too eager for her liking. She quickly put all thoughts of Delia's disastrous attempts at matchmaking out of her mind as she shifted her focus back to the contents of her wardrobe. \"Oh hello, what's this?\" Lydia asked herself as she caught a glimpse of something strange hidden at the back of her wardrobe, nestled neatly behind the overflowing clothes rail. Yes, there was defiantly something there, a flash of dark silver hidden behind her mountain of clothes. She hastily pushed the remaining railed clothes out the way and reached up blindly to turn on the wardrobe light. She didn't dare take her eyes of the thing just in case she lost it under the clothes again and forgot about it. Instead, her fingertips groped the air frantically before tangling with the metallic cord; pulling gently until a small light bulb somewhere inside the wardrobe turned itself on with a metallic ping. \"Oh my god I thought this had been thrown out years ago\" Lydia exclaimed pushing a pile of clothes off the obscured object to reveal that it was, in fact, a beautiful black and silver French style dressing table. It was the one that had belonged to her mother years ago. She knew Delia hated the constant reminder of her husband's previous and late wife and Lydia had always presumed that Delia would have 'conveniently' forgotten it when they moved. Either that or she had chopped it into pieces and made it into one of her disgusting creations claiming that it was 'art'. It was never art with that woman, art was supposed to be beautiful, thought-provoking and poignant. Whereas Delia's 'Art' was more a butchery than anything else and left the viewer feeling slightly confused as to why they had just waited valuable seconds on whatever the indescribable thing was. Thankfully though the prised dressing table had been saved from her stepmother's claws and instead hidden away safely where she would never find it. \"Nice one. Way to go dad\" Lydia muttered to herself as she grabbed hold of one side of the table and pulled. Luckily the thing was empty and so was surprisingly light as it slid across the floor with a loud scraping sound as the metal-based feet fought against the wooden floor and won. It was just as beautiful as it had been when she last laid eyes upon it. In fact it actually looked better than she remembered, if not a little bit smaller. Her fingertips traced the wooden moulding of the elegant table which was beautifully intact if not slightly distressed by the years of neglect. It actually looked quite good on the table which had been clean-cut lines of immaculately varnish and paint. Now, however, it was beautifully aged and had a character that was uniquely its own. The once bright white finish had yellowed until it became a beautiful aged cream. This was proof that her mother had immaculate taste in furniture. She had really been ahead of her time style wise as the dresser would now be called 'shabby chic' and Lydia believed that it was the 'in' style for home accessories at the moment. Well, that is what she gathered from the handful of conversations she had endured with her stepmother talking at her rather than too her. She tended to zone out and think of ink and photography though she did remember zoning back in when she heard about shabby chic and the whole upcycling movement. It was quite ironic that Delia was so excited about something that recycled what she perceived to be useless junk. Lydia smoothed her fingers over the ornately carved table and couldn't help but draw comparison to some enchanted piece of furniture in an old storybook. It was stunning; each curve of the beautiful, dark wood was sanded to perfection until it was so smooth under the touch you would think it was made of stone. The elegant dresser was quite unlike the monstrosity of a dresser her stepmother possessed. She remembered spending hours, watching her mother sit at that table, applying her different powders and perfumes until she had looked the very picture of an exotic and dark queen. That is what she had thought her mother was in the naivety of a child's fantasy and of course Lydia had been the princess in said fantasy but she had been somewhat fascinated with mother at the time. No matter how much or how little time her mother spent getting dressed she always looked stunning even in her pyjama's, rocking full on bed head the woman had looked perfect. Especially in the reflection of the mirror, it somehow made everything look strangely real. She remembered her mother referring to it as her 'magic mirror' once or twice no doubt to humour her young daughter's fantasies. Now that she thought about it where was the mirror? There was a distinct lack of glass to the frame and now she looked at it the thing seemed a bit bare and lacking in personality. \"It's probably here somewhere\" Lydia muttered as she dived back into the closet. Clothes flew out of the closet in no particular order as she searched the claustrophobic space for the slightest trace of shimmering silver. After several minutes of furious looking she flopped down onto the crumpled pile of clothes, letting out a sigh of exacerbation. After going through all the effort of hiding the bulk of the dressing table from his current wife Charles was unlikely to throw away the focal point of the entire piece. \"Unless,\" Lydia thought \"Delia had caught him in the act\" she knew that this would have resulted in just one thing. Delia making it out as if he was cheating on her in a 'metaphorical way' or some shit like that, giving the man only one option. Smash the mirror into a thousand tiny pieces, in front of his somewhat vindictive spouse. The thought of this made Lydia's mouth feel strangely dry and her stomach feel as if it were being put on a spin cycle. \"Oh god\" Lydia exclaimed, her hand rushing to her mouth in shock, a small part of her hoping it would somehow quell the increasing feeling of nausea she was suffering. Hadn't one of Delia's earlier 'creations' included pieces of broken glass as a focal point? It certainly sounded like Delia's M.O, taking something that held high emotional attachment for her 'daughter' and twisting it into an abhorrent mockery of its former self, all without Lydia knowing it? Yeah, that would be the ultimate one-up alright. Delia was always pulling shit like that, in a vindictive attempt to assert her dominance over her 'unruly' step-daughter. Yes, this kind of thing was indicative of typical Delia behaviour, cold and bordering on emotional abuse. Lydia slumped down upon the pile of clothes she had been feverishly sorting through, feeling pissed off and deflated. Things like that used to happen all the time, Delia's little 'Fuck You´ moments really got under her skin to start with. However her dad tried his hardest to make the pair 'play nice' with each other, often going out of his way to avoid a topic of tension. Now she thought about it her father would do anything within his power to avoid conflict and that meant getting rid of various pieced from what Delia liked to call his 'former' life. Former as if he was a drug addict that had 'seen the light' and become reborn in the house of Delia. Yes, the vindictive bitch generally told him to burn or destroy things, which her father obviously hated doing. So after a few heated arguments, the pair had come up with something of an uneasy compromise. Charles would give the offending items to a charity shop. It was something that Delia had considered a win-win situation on her part, she wouldn't be offended by certain things and giving vast pieces to charity would reflect kindly in her art career if you could even call it a career. Delia could often be found spouting some drivel about her being a great philanthropist even though Lydia doubted her stepmother actually possessed a single generous bone in her body. Yes, the whole thrift store option sounded plausible, more than plausible actually. The more she thought about it, the more Lydia resigned herself to spending fruitless hours rummaging through other people junk. Not that she had a problem with that, she liked going to antique fares and bric-a-brac sales because you could pick up some really interesting things there. Delia had always called it a 'disgusting and unsanitary' pass time, which was ironic considering that most of her so-called art came from and then soon returned to the scrap heap. Lydia liked looking at antiquary because of the object, whatever it was had real history behind it, a hidden story which one may never but that wasn't the point. The point of the things was that out of the history of the object Lydia would just be a little blip in its radar. She also loved the fact that no matter where these places where, there was always a box of old sepia dog-eared and warn photos hidden in a corner. She loved to leaf through them and take the obscurely old photos and imagine how easy it would be to claim that crumpled photo in her hand was, in fact, depicting her grandparent's wedding. It, of course, wasn't true but she liked that she could make up her own story about them. Every now and then a photo or two really stood out to her, this she would hastily buy and then take home to recreate in her next 'free' photo session. She sighed heavily, resting her head on the wood-lined wall of the closet. \"I'm sorry Mama, even if I had all the time in the world to look I doubt I would find it. It's probably not even intact whole let alone somewhere in this state\". Lydia whispered to herself, leaving the tears of anger and loss to fall unscathed down her cheeks. \"I'm so, so sorry I couldn't save this last part of you from her \" she continued, the last word filled with years' worth of bitter resentment. She exhaled loudly and tilted her head back so she was staring up at the cracked, ceiling in a vain attempt quell the tears from falling. Her fingertips quickly swiped away the tear of sour defeat thereby slamming shut the gates to that particular painful memory, shutting the emotion safely back inside where she didn't have to deal with it. As her watery vision cleared she couldn't help but notice a single white spider propel itself down from a crack in the ceiling with its almost invisible thread of web. She studied it for a few seconds as the spider stopped its decent and begun to quickly spin still suspended by a single thread. It was almost as if it was trapped in a crosswind yet there was no breeze in the stuffy little cupboard. It reminded Lydia of a lonely dancer pirouetting in the spotlight as it played out is solo for the entire world to see. It was a microscopic beauty, which she would have missed, had she been anywhere else in the house. As it was she had already missed the most striking quality about the creature. At first glances it was easy to mistake it to be white in colour, which was bizarre in itself. However, upon closer examination it was evident that the spider was in fact covered with minute black stripes which broke up the white base in the most unusual way. Close up it was easy to see the fine striping however it was all but invisible to the naked eye so Lydia had no clue quite what she was missing. She felt the urge to get her camera and record the magnificent little dance, however she knew that any little movement she made, would change the air pressure in the closet and disturb the miniature artist. So she stayed still, holding her breath as much as she could as she watched the glistening black creature pirouette on its string and then just as suddenly as it has started the ballet ended. The spider swayed for a moment before climbing back up its safety rope and quickly disappeared back into the cracked ceiling. \"What the hell was that about\" Lydia couldn't help but think to herself, the random act of beauty she had just witnessed was rather weird she had to admit. She had seen a lot of spiders in her time but she had never seen one like that before, she would have remembered if she had, the marking were quite something. She knew that spiders just don't do that sort of thing, they couldn't dance like that and even if they could, it was doubtful that they want too. Yet this spider could, did and probably would dance again and that was something she HAD to get on film. She couldn't quite brush off the thought that there was some kind of meaning behind the macabre little dance. She knew it was just wishful thinking and that there had to be a rational reason for it somewhere, but in the mood, she was in at the moment indulging in a little irrationality was needed. Things were so dead in the house now she was all on her own that even the slightest hint of something supernatural made her feel all tingly inside again. It was an odd feeling, but a good one and something she hadn't felt for quite a long time. Though she would never admit it out loud she had missed the feeling as it rushed through her body like electricity. She knew she would have to find that spider again and find out why it gave her such a violent reaction. It was only just as she was about to head out of her room when a thought struck her. She had after all been talking to her mother and even if the woman couldn't contact her verbally then perhaps she could make her presence show in some other way. It wasn't too much of a stretch when she thought about it. \"Yeah aright I get ya, you want me to follow…er the spider,\" she asked to the air but of course got no reply back. \"Alice got a rabbit you know\" she muttered, even though she quite preferred spiders as they were less wet and messy creatures. \"So I'll go follow the white spider,\" she said in a slow and deliberate manner before leaving the room. She would follow the spider all right and unfortunately, that meant going to the very top of the house, a place that had thus far stayed empty and locked. With a sigh she blocked out the mental anguish she might feel concerning that room in particular and instead concentrated on climbing the steps up to the attic.[Chapter 4] Hello my lovely readers, I am so very sorry it has taken me such a long time to write this next chapter. My immune disorder got really bad for a while there and to top it off i got in a really bad relationship. It has taken me a long time to get over everything and get to a point where i can write again. But i'm back now and i will *fingers crossed* be updating this every few weeks. Feel free to shoot me a message, reminding me that i owe another chapter. I did actually start this chapter a while ago but i lost it when my computer freaked out and i had to re-install everything *grrrr*. Anyway i hope you all enjoy this next chapter, i know there isn't all that much going on but its all part of a very important build up and so there are little bits here and there that are important. So keep an eye out and i hopefully you will clock them. Have fun reading the chapter. With an audible sigh, Lydia surveyed the intimidating staircase that let up to the attic. She remembered the first time she had ascended these stairs, on the fateful day she moved into the house. The mist of the decorators had created such an atmosphere. Especially when the lime green light of the netherworld had lit up the narrow staircase like a stage. She felt an ache when she thought back to how she had met her substitute parents, the Maitland's. The ache deepened when she realized that no friendly faces would greet her in the attic. No one was there to ask her questions about the ever-changing town or how her day was. There would be no one to greet her at the top step to embrace her in a warm hug or rather as warm of a hug that ghosts could give. It was less about the physical sensation and more about the intended feeling. The Maitland's had been so happy and full of warmth, metaphorically speaking. Now that they were gone, possibly for good Lydia didn't think she had the stomach to actually go into the attic. She stopped halfway up the stairs and began to way up the options in her mind. Don't go into the empty attic because of the very real reminder of lost family. Or go into the attic and try to find her mother's last worldly possession. \"I guess in a way I'm the last thing left of Mama\" Lydia mused to herself. She felt a wall of emotion was very close to the surface and she pushed it back to wherever it came from. She needed to do this, if not for her then to her mother. She needed to complete the dresser. Just so she could have that last tiny thread of magic back, that she had once believed in so strongly as a child. The old stairs groaned with each step she took. It was almost as if they were trying to object and worn her against her new mission. But once she was standing on the top step everything seemed to go on autopilot. She unlocked the door and found herself walking over to the model village in the middle of the room. The thing was surprisingly clean considering that it didn't have a dust cover like everything else in the room. Lydia reached out and hit the dust cover of the sofa with the back of her hand. She instantly regretted it as a large plume of dust emanated from the ancient and mouldering sofa. Coughing, she fought her way through the dust cloud. Forgetting entirely how strange the almost pristine condition of the model was in a room full of dust. With lungs on fire Lydia quickly crossed the room to open the windows. Luckily they weren't nailed shut and as she stuck her head out the window she took a deep, long breath of the fresh air. It was actually quite pleasant outside. It was an unseasonably warm day considering that it was almost the end of September. She stayed there for a minute or two, breathing in the warm almost summer-like air. Before fixing the window at its half-open position. That way it would help with the feeling in the room, it was too stuffy and too dusty up here. But perhaps her discomfort actually had more to do with what was so obviously absence in the room rather than the dust. She stood by the window and just observed the room in its entirety. It was hot up here and ridiculously crowded, even if you considered the fact it contained the possessions for two families. Yet it felt cold and empty to Lydia even as rays of sunshine created warm patches upon her back. \"It's just so…lifeless\". Lydia muttered to herself and as if to answer her something moved in the corner. It was small but she clocked the movement and went to investigate. Half expecting to find a mouse or the spider from before, Lydia was surprised to see a small dust devil forming in the corner. It was there for a moment or two, the dust caught in a miniature whirlwind. It travelled from the feet of Adam's model to the part of the attic that was reserved for the Deetz family possessions. It seemed to stop next to one particular pile of her family's stuff. Which was of course covered by a dust cover just like everything else in the attic. Just as sudden as it had appeared, the spout of air and riled up dust particles disappeared into the cracks of the floorboards. It had only been there for a few moments but it was long enough for Lydia to take it as a sign. It was so unusual, how could she think of it as anything else. \"Thanks for the heads up\" Lydia said addressing whatever entity had caused the little apparition. She made quick work of the dust covers, dumping them on the sofa so she wouldn't have to fight with the dense cloth. She brought her attention to the pile of junk that had collected over the years and honestly it didn't look promising. There wasn't a single hint of silver that she could see. Nor any glimpse of something, that could constitute a mirror frame but she had a lot to work through. After wading through a few boxes of clothes, some Christmas decorations and a few of Delia's miniature monstrosities. Lydia came across what seemed to be a barricade of boxes, stacked to the rafters of the sloping ceiling. The top boxes were easy to get rid of as they seemed to be empty. But the other boxes were stuffed to the brim with books. There seemed to be no order to the books she discovered as she opened two of the boxes and compared them. One was full of old encyclopaedias and outdated dictionaries. She could have sworn they actually belonged to the Maitland's. The second was full of old phone books that was it. No treasures, no special books worth keeping. It was as if this box was filled with the intent to just make it as weighty as possible. She strained to take down on of the taller boxes and again it was full of nothing but phone books. It was as if someone had made a quite literally a wall between Lydia and the very back of the attic. Her curiosity was peaked there had to be a reason for the boxes to be there. They were so difficult to move and they had been positioned in such a purposeful and deliberate way. It seemed like it would be almost too obvious to hide something behind them. \"It's here, this has to be it,\" Lydia said to herself as she used all her effort to pull the last of the ridiculously heavy boxes away. She had cleared a slight walkway between the boxes so she could finally get behind them. She shimmied her way behind the box mountain and there she saw a glimmer of silver. Filled with pure excitement Lydia pulled at a large object partially obscured by yet another dust sheet. She could feel the wood beneath her fingertips and she could see the flash of silver even through its cover. Pulling on the large mirror she managed to knock over a few of the weighted boxes. But she didn't care, she had her mother's mirror and that's all the mattered to her. She dragged it out into the middle of the room and threw off the dust cover. There sat the mirror from mother's dresser. It was almost as she remembered, the frame was perfect with its intricate little swirls of vines carved into the frame. But there was something smeared across the actual surface of the mirror. She tried to wipe at it with the dust cover and it only seemed to smear it more, it was something oily and thick. It reminded her of engine oil as it had an almost black appearance to it. Whatever the mystery substance was it smelt something awful. Not metallic as she suspected but it smelt of pure rot. It was disgusting and Lydia wretched as she dubiously smelt the oily residue on her hands. She steadied herself taking a deep breath before she began to drag the mirror down the stairs and into her bedroom. It wasn't easy and she thought she would drop the heavy mirror slippery with mystery oil many times. But after much fuss and bother it was finally in her bedroom. Now sitting next to its counterpart, the dresser. They were two parts of what was once a whole unit looked very sad on their own. So Lydia busied herself in trying to remove the oily substance from the mirror. After an hour of trying different cleaning products and even threatening it clean. Finally, the mirror was free from grime and dust that stuck to the oily substance. The silver surface shone brightly in the dying rays of sunshine. Before Lydia finally fixed the mirror onto the dresser, making them whole again. As soon as it was done Lydia felt a wave of energy hit her. It was a good feeling that was somewhat familiar. It was different from the normal satisfying feeling of accomplishment at finishing a project. It was as if a spell had been cast on dear Lydia. She found herself with the sudden overwhelming feeling that she needed to touch the mirror. To feel the cold glass under her fingertips was abruptly priority one and for some reason it made her feel dizzy. Her mind felt cloudy as all she could think about was the mirror. She shook her head and the dizzy feeling dissipated a little. But the overwhelming urge still remained. She felt enamoured with the reflective object and yet her mind was so hazy everything felt disjointed. She found in a strange state of autopilot as she walked over to the dresser and sat down on the little matching stool. She felt her hand reach out to the mirror but in her dizzying state, it didn't feel as if it was her hand at all. It was almost as if someone else was controlling her body and she was just sitting there and watching it. The feeling was so strange but at the same time, it was comforting and familiar. It felt as if she was in some strange Alice in Wonderland inspired dream. She half expected for her hand to go straight through the glass where she would tumble down into oblivion. But as she put her hand up to the silver surface she felt a very unpleasant sensation. Something slimy and disgustingly slick stuck to her hand. The sudden unexpected and revolting sensation broke Lydia out of her strange hazy state. \"Eww gross\" she muttered to herself, wiping her hand desperately on her jeans till the nasty substance was gone. She wiped the remaining oil from the mirror with her sleeve. Yet no matter how hard she scrubbed there was still her handprint evident against the glass. Again she reached out with her hand, but he hesitated for a moment. Something inside her said that it wasn't actually her handprint and that she shouldn't touch it. She felt a pang of dread at this thought but she quickly pushed it aside and placed her hand flat against the glass. The mirror was surprisingly cool against her palm. But almost as soon as her skin made contact there was a strange tingling feeling. Like the electric crackle of a thunderstorm, rumbling in the distance. It was a delightfully exciting feeling like a pent-up storm about to explode. Lydia couldn't help but sigh in ecstasy at the feeling. But the delightful crackle quickly dissipated. She looked at the mirror and she swore there seemed to be a strange green glow about it but she put it up as a trick of the light. Lydia took her hand away from the mirror and a wave of exhaustion hit her like a truck. She hadn't realised how tired she had been, but she felt utterly drained. She was so tired that she didn't even bother to get dressed into her nightclothes. Instead, she got up fro, the dresser and climbed into bed straight away. She drifted off to sleep as soon as her head hit the pillow. Unbeknownst to Lydia, a second-hand print had come to join hers on the polished surface of the mirror. This secondary handprint was much larger than hers and seemed to encompass her hand completely. The only thing that kept her handprint from bleeding into the other one was the fact that the other hand came from inside the mirror.[Chapter 5] Ok so this is a very long very Beetlejuice orientated chapter. I know i am a bit rusty writing wise but hopefully, after all this time i can still do him justice as a charmingly disgusting pervert. I hope you all enjoy and if you could do a chapter review i would be most grateful. \"Well, this sucks,\" a gruff voice said to the all-encompassing darkness. \"I should have known they would be waiting for me, Juno and that pair of suckers. But how the fuck did they get the drop on me?\" He asked himself as he shifted in the dark void. It was just in prison after another for him and his body ached for freedom. It ached for any physical sensation. As he trapped, floating in a void of blackness which seemed never-ending. He had tried to escape it many times but as of yet, he hadn't found a way. When they had captured him, he had been weak and vulnerable for the first time in his afterlife. The sandworm had drained him of most of his powers, but they had begun to gradually return as the wretched creature died. It was kind of cathartic. When its huge serpentine body, began to bloat from decomposition and he burst out of it like a creature from Alien. he had certainly enjoyed that part of it at least. He had bummed around the more seedy parts of the netherworld for a while, as he slowly began to get his powers back. But it wasn't long before the vengeance was all he could think about. He decided to give The Maitland's a call and teach them just why no one Fucked with The Ghost With the Most. But as always revenge became his downfall as that's when Juno set her trap. \"Oh well, it was worth it, seeing the look on Babs' face\". Beetlejuice chuckled to himself, as he remembered how he had sent the Maitland's on a long 'vacation' to sandworm land. That in itself would have seemed like a fitting punishment but after the way the wedding had ended Beetlejuice really wanted the pair to suffer. So Adam and Bab's went splitsville as he turned them into tiny and hideous monstrosities. Their new forms were works of art really, that only the sickest mind in the Netherworld could think up. Luckily the sickest and dirtiest mind in the Netherworld belong to Beetlejuice and though he was down and out, he still had a flair for all things sickly. But just making them monsters wasn't quite enough. They had split up his marriage so he thought it was only fitting to split them up good and proper too. Sending each person to the opposite ends of the great sandbox, that constituted sandworm territory. They would never find each other, not without being eaten first. If they did, hell they certainly wouldn't be able to recognise each other. Now that would be the ultimate torture for the sickeningly cutesy couple. He let out a howl of laughter which reverberated around his onyx prison until it sounded like a pack of wild dogs. It had been a sweet little piece of revenge, he had even left a note for little Lydia if she ever came back to find them. He doubted the little brat would ever come back, as she was long gone before he swung into to think of it, the house was almost empty. The whole Deetz clan including the little brat looked like they had jumped ship a while ago. How long had it been? 5 years, 10, 20? He wasn't very good when it came to mortal time. When things in the afterlife passed by so quickly it was easy to forget where you last left off. Of course, there were those who possessed the ability to rearrange the linear matrix. They were few and far between but they did exist. These individuals could live in the netherworld and could still keep track of the human world in real time. They could slip back and forth as the pleased, most of the time. Beetlejuice happened to be one of those gifted few. But most of the time he was too lazy to keep track and spending the last 4 or so years inside of a damn sandworm will make you lose touch with reality. \"How old must she be now?\" He asked himself as the image of Lydia as she had been when he first met her popped into his head. The little Squirt looked as if she had reached puberty but she still looked young. To him she looked about 14 or something like that though in reality she was about 16. \"I bet she has a good pair of tits on her now\" he sniggered to himself. When he met her it was obvious that she had tits but he didn't have a clue if she was well endowed or not because of all the baggy clothing the girl wore. \"I bet she has curves in all the right places\" he said imagining Lydia the body that rivalled both Vampire and Elvira. He imagined her dark, soulful eyes looking up at him with purpose and a type of hunger that can only the living can feel. He imagined her biting down on her full, ruby red lips and a look of need took over her as she pressed herself against him. He could practically feel her breasts under his bloodstained fingertips. He imagined a little blush rushing to her pale cheeks as she muttered his name \"Beetlej…\" He imagined cutting her off by stealing a kiss from her soft crimson lips. He could practically see her, looking at him with such longing as she lowered herself to her knees. He imagined her languidly and infuriatingly running her hand along the front of his striped trousers. He groaned to himself as he imagined her eagerly undoing his belt buckle and… Things had spiralled out of control very quickly. He had gone from feeling that damn itch again, in a state of vague arousal. To suddenly reaching a level of excitement he hadn't experienced in years. He quite literally blew his top, as a high pitched screech filled the stale air of his prison. Beetlejuices' head spun around like a notoriously sickening fairground ride which accompanied by the high pitched screaming of the damned was quite a thing to see. It was about a minute or two before the whirling stopped and he had control over his body and extremities again. Any iniquitous stains disappeared into the never-ending darkness of his cell, luckily never to be seen again. \"Wow\" he said trying to catch his breath, which was pretty odd coming from a dead guy. \"Who would have thought that little Lolita could have got things going quite that much\" he chuckled to himself. Oddly enough it was the most 'excited' he had been in a very long time. Even the pro girls at Dante's Inferno couldn't get him going like that. A small part of him wondered why his reaction had been so explosive. Yet it was quickly ignored by the rest of his brain, \"I might have to look her up when I get out of here\" he said with a serpentine smile. It was at that exact moment when he noticed something had changed around him. He didn't know if it was just his rotten brain in a post-orgasmic state of hyper-awareness. But something was defiantly different. It wasn't so dark anymore, it was still black as pitch but there was enough light for him to see himself with. He could see his hands, his feet, his suit, everything in a sort of silhouette against the darkness. Whereas before the darkness had been all-encompassing, so dark and thick that he couldn't see anything so he had to survive on touch. As his cell was basically an empty eternal void in space, quite similar to a black hole. The only thing Beetlejuice could do was touch himself. Yes, it certainly passed the time but he longed for another sensation. He looked around and he could have sworn he could see the tiniest slither of light breaking the darkness. He stood up and ran full speed at the small speck of light. Stopping with a crash as he made contact with what seemed to be a wall. \"That's funny I don't remember that being there before\" he muttered, straitening out his now bent nose. if he had known about it no doubt he would have tried everything in his power to break it. So now he knew his prison wasn't just an empty space. There was a wall and any wall can easily become a doorway, with the right spell. He could almost taste freedom but as he pushed all his weight again the wall. Nothing happened. He tried various other things, small spells here and there. In the end, he gave up and swore revenge on it and walls everywhere. He slumped down onto the floor in defeat, there was nothing he could do to escape. Whatever magic was holding him there was too strong and he was too weak to fight it. He still had a long way to go till he got his juice back to full capacity. Them he remembered the small shard of light that has captivated him earlier. Frantically he searched the wall until he found it. It was a little piece that seemed to look into the outside world. The wall didn't have any holes in it. As far as he could feel it was all completely smooth and yet there was that little pinpoint of light. It was almost as if the wall had been coloured in on one side and the clumsy artist had missed a spot. It was about the size of his eye and he eagerly pressed himself against it. All he could see was white, white linen, white floor, what looked like big white boxes. That was it, no defining features, not a bug, no real details. Just a clinical whiteness which was almost as bad as the black vacuum of his cell. For a long time, he sat by that little spot in hopes that something would come along and cure him of his boredom. A piece of dust caught in a beam of sunlight, something, anything. He didn't care if it only lasted a few minutes or a few seconds it would be worth it. The one day something happened. A small spider wondered its way into view. Beetlejuice was so happy he couldn't help but shriek. To his delight and surprise, the spider reeled back almost as if it has heard him. \"Hey you come 'ere, I've got something good for ya,\" he said invitingly. Weaving what little magical influence he had into his words. The spider half stumbled, half walked up to the hole in the wall and just stood there in a dumb stupor, waiting for orders like a brainwashed idiot. With a simple click of his bloodstained fingers, Beetlejuice took possession of the spider. The spider shuddered and twitched for a second before things about it began to change. It had been a plain black had now grown bold white stripes which sat along its natural black until it looked identical to the striped of his suit. Its eyes changed too, instead of being 4 pairs of black beady little eyes, it now had just one pair of a brilliant bright green. He looked back at his cage and realised exactly where he had been banished too. \"A mirror, a fucking mirror!\" he said in outrage, the little spider body began to shake in rage. \"They bound me to a damn mirror and they thought it could hold me, HA,\" he said with an obnoxiously loud laugh. But as he studied the mirror he realised that they hadn't just bound him to it they had covered it in something. He reached out to touch it with one of his many arachnid arms anticipating to feel the cold, smooth surface of the mirror against his skin. \"OW what the FUCK!\" he shouted as his skin began to bubble and blister as if it had doused in acid. Whatever this mysterious coating on the mirror was (probably some sort of ghost proofing) he knew wouldn't be able to remove it, even while possessing another form. This meant that he could get out like he had hoped. Sure he could escape every once in a caged bird is still a caged bird if it couldn't fly completely free. Any excursions would take a lot of energy and would be limited to the close proximity of his magical influence. He would have to build up how far he could run before the possession wore off and he was sent back to his dingy prison. His best bet (if he wanted to stay earthbound) was possession or the very basics. He found it quite insulting that he would have to stick to beginner stuff like non-corporeal apparitions and atmospheric changes. It made him feel cheap and easy, like the newly dead suckers he so often scammed. Things went on like this for a while, each day he practised his influence just a little bit more. Sometimes he managed to make it to Adam's model town. Which was something he really enjoyed fucking with. Unfortunately, Dante's Inferno no longer resided in the land of plastic but at least it was a change of scenery. He enjoyed messing with the model, uprooting trees, hiding bug corpses inside the model houses. Putting the model people in dirty and compromising positions, it was a good laugh. But more than anything he loved the feeling of freedom he got from being there. Ok, he wasn't really free, 90% of him was still stuck in that damned mirror. But what little influence he could have on the outside world was comforting. He enjoyed the feeling of wood under his feet, the sun as it shone on his back and the brilliant crunch as he bit down into his beetly meal. That was something he had really missed in his time of isolation. He missed Beetles almost as much as sex and that was really saying something. It was fun being able to roam about like this even if it felt like he was on a leash, only ever able to go so far before the magic wore out. But most of all he missed the interactions with other people. He would never admit it out loud, but he missed having someone to talk to other than himself and the few bugs that he saved. Though in all fairness the bugs were pretty much a one-note score as you can't really have a conversation with something that only says \"Help me\" and scream. So most days he sat or rather floated by the window just waiting for something to happen. After a long time, something did indeed happen. Beetlejuice had been hanging out by the window trying his best to manifest into something that resembled his old form. He managed to get the hair down, the tufts of dirty blond hair were just right. Sticking up in the air and a mess so much more intense than a normal deadhead. His skin still grey, mottled with grime and miscellaneous greenery that collected at his mouth and hairline. His eyes were an abnormally bright emerald green. He couldn't quite manage to conger up his smile or any other of his facial features. In fact, anything below his eyes line was invisible and he knew he would have to work harder on it. He had spent so long stuck in a prison be that made of flesh or glass, he began to forget just how he actually looked. Kind of ironic now he thought of it, forgetting his reflexion while stuck in the mirror. He sighed to himself and trained his focus on the weather outside. It was dark and gloomy and he could almost taste the rain in the air. It was then that he spotted a small figure making its way up the path of the house. From his vantage point up in the attic he couldn't see much of the person other than they had a motorbike and were dressed to the nines in black. He saw the person look up at him, pause for a moment and then make their way up the hill. \"Finally some entertainment\" Beetlejuice said to himself\" before he disappeared into the mirror. Awaiting the inevitable altercation with whatever fleshbag had come to visit. A good amount of time passed and Beetlejuice got a few chances to study his new victim, taking full advantage of his possession skills to do so. Unfortunately, he could only possess the small things. He had worked his way up from bugs and spiders, to mice but the latter wasn't particularly plentiful or great for hiding. So he stayed with his classic spidery form and studied his victim. It was a woman, he was rather pleased about that and she had a very odd taste in things. Though his eyesight was limited to the short range of what a spider could usually see. He found the new additions to the house quite to his liking, the tombstones in the LivingDead room. The velvet drapes, the big empty house it was all quite to his liking. Then one day he managed to capture the girl's attention. She had been throwing things around inside a closet he lowered himself down from the top of the closet. Determined to see this woman in more detail he hung from a thread as he watched her frantic work. \"What is she looking for? And why is she talking to herself like that?\" Beetlejuice muttered to himself before realising that he was doing it too. He looked down at the girl and noted her pale skin, her jet black hair and her mountain of black clothes. He tried to listen to the girl's ramblings and sobs. It would seem that she was looking for a mirror and he knew just where she could find one. He strained his eyes to see the girl and realisation dawned upon him. \"Deetz?\" he asked himself just as the woman looked up at him. He spun out of control in surprise of seeing this girl, no this woman that he had been looking for. He quickly climbed back up his rope of silk in the hopes that he could trick her into choosing his mirror. There were about 3 hidden away in the attic but he was positive he could make her choose his. After all, he wasn't called The Ghost With The Most for nothing. He nervously waited for her in the attic, hoping to hell that she would check here next. He dumped his little arachnid body choosing instead to be his invisible non-corporeal form. It didn't take long for her too reach the attic and Beetlejuice happily lead the way to his mirror by making a small 'divine' dust devil show her the path. With that, he returned back to his place of imprisonment and he waited as he felt the mirror shift and move. He waited until it was put upon its stand and the woman began to clean the toxic muck from its surface. With each wipe of the cloth, the image of the woman became clearer and clearer until he could see her with perfect clarity. \"Oh Fuck\" he whispered licking the dry scaly remnants of his lips. \"When did she turn into... well this?\" he asked himself as Lydia Deetz sat in front of him. He took a moment to take her all in. Her lips had filled out and were now full and luscious with just a slight red tint to them. The colour popped against her skin making them look incredibly biteable and inviting. Her skin was the same as it had always been, pale as the dead. As a kid, he thought she looked as if she were borrowing mortuary makeup. But now it looked so natural he couldn't imagine her anyway else. Her hair had changed since the last time he had seen it, gone were the sharp bangs and the straight but messy locks. Instead of gorgeous, defined curls framed her face along with a sloping layered fringe which lightly swept past her cheekbones, merging perfectly into the curls. Her hair was a beautiful ebony with the slightest blue sheen to the ends. He could see her face was more defined now. Time had sculpted it to make her more elegant and her neck all the more kissable. He could have sworn she looked right at him her eyes the colour of melted chocolate. they were lined with a Smokey black which, as a kid would have it had looked overpowering for her small face. But now it seemed to make her eyes smoulder. He couldn't see the rest of her because of the damned mirror frame and he would have killed just to get a peek at her body. She was so much more refined and beautiful than he had imagined her and all he could think about was getting to see more of her. He was taken by surprise as Lydia raised her hand as if to put it against the glass. If things worked correctly in his favour human contact with the mirror would weaken the binding spell. Hell if she wanted it enough it would break the bond entirely. But she would have to fall in love with him to break that break the spell entirely. But considering how disastrously their last meeting had gone he doubted she would want to jump his bones anytime soon, more's the pity. \"That's right babes, come give old juice something to play with\" He chuckled getting ready to feel the pull of magic on him. But when she put her hand on the mirror nothing happened. \"What a crock, I've been waiting all these years for this?\" he shouted angrily not noticing that Lydia had wiped something off the mirror. He was in the middle of a rant about how useless humans are when he felt a wave of energy hit him. It was Lydia, her palm once again against the mirror. \"Oh, that's right babes give me all you've got\" he muttered, his hand reaching out to hers until only the thin pane of glass separated them. He muttered a few words and he could feel something begin to happen. It tingled and crackled along his skin as sparks began to fire from his fingertips. He felt the magic flowing through him, pulling at every single part of him until he felt back to normal…well as normal as Beetlejuice could get. Lydia has given him the energy transfusion that he so desperately needed to get his powers back. His juice levels were the highest they had been in years and he couldn't help but burst into manic, uncontrollable laughter as the wave of intoxicating manna overtook him. It felt good, no more than good it felt great. He could feel the effects of the binding spell lessen its hold on him as he was filled with Lydia's energy. It was as if he had tapped into a vein and was drinking from her very life source. \"Now that I have to try next time,\" He said to himself with a small chuckle. Before his eyes Lydia began to change, her beautiful brown eyes looked dull and glassy and her skin had taken on a grey quality to it. \"Sorry Babes it's just a pick me up and i need it more than you\" he whispered as he looked back at Lydia as he looked back at the drained woman in front of him. He was surprised she was still here, to be honest. Usually, when he pulled that move on a human it would kill them. But for some reason she was still fine, ok she looked ready to drop off to sleep but she was still breathing, wasn't she. He watched as Lydia got up from the dresser and climbed into bed, the tiredness evident in all parts of her body as she positively sagged with tiredness. \"There's something more to you Deetz and I'm gonna find out just what it is\" he said to the now unconscious form that was Lydia. He licked his lips with his serpentine tongue as he thought of all the pain and devious ways he could make dear Lydia suffer. He knew he had to make her pay for how their wedding ended but he didn't know if he wanted to make her pay with pain or with pleasure.[Chapter 6] As promised here is the full chapter 6 though it is separated into half chapters i still think it works. I might do the rest of the updates as half chapters as its a lot less taxing. Anyway, I hope everyone enjoys this new chapter and likes the direction it's going in. Any reviews or comments will be greatly appreciated, enjoy. Lydia woke up feeling absolutely drained. \"What the hell's going on with me?\" She asked herself as kicked off her bedcovers. She just lay there for a while, staring at the canopy of her four-poster bed. The room was incredibly cold; colder than it should be at this time of year. A normal person would have reached for the thermostat but Lydia actually really the feeling. She looked over to the clock with a sigh, she had a photo shoot in a few hours and she should really get going, but she was too comfortable to move from the frozen room. After 15 minutes of procrastinating she decided it was defiantly time to get up. She walked over to her closet, stripping of yesterday's slept in clothes for something a little more chic. A simple black plunge neck top would do for now and she ended up pairing it with a pair of black trousers. It wouldn't really matter what she was wearing today as it was a horror shoot. She always ended up in one of those waterproof, throwaway dust suits anyway so why bother with anything extravagant. She was just going to get covered in 'blood' anyway. She smiled as she imagined walking home covered in day worth of gore now that would certainly stir up the neighbourhood. It was only as she sat down at the dressing table that things started to seem kind of off. She applied her makeup as usual but every time she looked away she swore she could see a pair of brilliant green eyes watching her. She would look back a split second later and they were gone. As she just about finished applying her makeup but since she started it got harder and harder to see into the mirror as it had begun to fog up. The odd thing about it was that it was pleasantly warm in the house. \"It can't be that cold\" she muttered to herself rubbing both her hands together before breathing into them, letting her breath warm them. She reached out with the palm of her hand to wipe away the accumulated mist. She felt that same tingling sensation she had felt last night, it was no way near as strong and was likened to a small static shock than anything else. Yet as she wiped away at the glass nothing happened. The fog just got heavier and heavier, it was almost as if it was collecting inside the mirror. \"Barbra, Adam is that you?\" Lydia asked, her fingertips resting against the cold glass. \"Think again Babes. Someone less cookie cutter and more demon from your worst nightmares\" a deep guttural voice growled through the mirror taking her by surprise. Lydia couldn't help but let out a gasp. She recognized that voice, it was indeed a voice she had heard in many a nightmare and it sent a cold shiver of dread down her spine. He was back and that was an eventuality that Lydia had spent years mentally preparing for. She had hoped it would never actually happen but apparently today was the day. She remembered all the things Juno had taught her about him. She knew he fed off fear and negative reactions like only the worst kind of poltergeist's do and if she could take away that power of fear then he would have no power over her. \"Freddy Kruger is that you again? What are you doing out of my dreams sugar, I told you I would meet you in the boiler room at midnight\". Lydia said cracking her most convincing fake smile. Luckily years of Delia's art exhibits and tedious 'fundraiser' dinners had made Lydia a master when it came to feigning a smile, her delivery was flawless. Hell her fake laugh was Oscar-worthy, she hated the fact she had to learn to act like this around Delia's sycophantic 'friends' but now she was oddly glad of it. \"Who the...What the grr ah who the hell is Freddy Kruger\" He seemed to explode which made Lydia giggle internally. \"It's me B….\" he faltered not wanting to say his own name. \"I'm The Ghost with the Most babe\" he finished his emerald eyes smouldering angrily through the mirror. He had no idea who this Freddy Kruger character was or why Lydia would be meeting him in a boiler room of all places. He felt a flash of jealousy run through him at the thought of her meeting up with some other guy and he wasn't exactly sure why. Had she honestly forgotten him? Did she really see so many ghosts that she had forgotten all about him? How could she forget him? They were almost married for god sake. That's when a thought occurred to him she wouldn't have a clue if they were married or not; after all the ceremony was still legally binding even if he hadn't managed to kiss her. Honestly, he didn't have a clue if they were indeed still married but it was defiantly an angle he could play to get in good with Deetz. Or in bad with her it didn't really matter at the moment. All he needed was for her to remember who he was and for her to act accordingly and he was in. Lydia's heart began to beat a hundred miles a minute and she was silently terrified that he was back. All she wanted to do was run and hide in Adam and Barbra's room like she used to when she had a night terror. Though there was little point doing it now. First of all, there would be no hugs or sympathetic words meeting her in the deadly quiet room. Secondly, he already knew she was here and she refused to show a slither of weakness in front of him. She knew if she faltered even for a second, he would see it and he would have power over her again. Juno had spent quite a while teaching her about the psychology of predatory behaviour in the aftermath of the wedding. She had taught her about the type of scams Beetlejuice had used in the past and what he would more than likely use to worm his way back into her life. Fear! That was a big one with him, the power of fear. Once someone is scared of you, you have power over them forever. It was quite a simple philosophy but an effective one. Beetlejuice had most of the neither world terrified of him and what he could do and Lydia refused to let him get a rise out of her. She had no idea how or why he was back, but she wouldn't let him get an ounce of gratification by seeing how scared she actually was. Though she felt like screaming Lydia sat very still and concentrated on regulating her breathing. She refused to be yet another person he walked over in his quest for power, money or whatever that hell it was that motivated him. That was something she had never quite figured out and it niggled at the back of her mind especially during the quiet hours of the night. She had spent so many sleepless nights thinking about the Ghost with the Most and exactly what fueled his mad behaviour. That it had made him something of an enigma to her. It was like studying the aftermath of Jack the Ripper there were tiny indications here and there, but the whole thing was a huge mystery. For some reason, she felt compelled to find the reasons behind his actions. Not that she would ever let on that she had spent so much of her time thinking about him. Hell, she wouldn't even let on that she had even thought about him for a second. Lydia smiled at the mirror playing out her poker face flawlessly. \"Sorry honey it's not ringing a bell,\" she said flatly; refusing to look into the bright emerald eyes that glared at her from inside the glass. She quickly glanced over to her curtains, they would easily cover the mirror and hopefully, that would break any connection he had. \"Sorry B..\" she coughed to cover up her little mistake and hoped to hell that he hadn't picked up on it. She wasn't sure why but she felt such a strong urge to talk to him. To say his name and let him free from wherever he actually was. But she chalked that up to whatever sorcery that made his name so powerful. After all she had tried the whole saying the name three times thing with other ghosts but all that ever did was make them think she was crazy. \"Sorry man the connections really bad here I think you've got the wrong mirror,\" She said flatly. Trying to keep any and all emotion from her voice, even though inside she was panicking and her blood pressure had skyrocketed to an all-time high. \"Wrong connection, you dumb bitch I…\" he was cut off as Lydia, with one fluid motion flicked the corner of the curtain over the mirror, covering it completely. Beetlejuice said something but whatever it had been was muffled by the curtain. She could have sworn she heard him screaming but as she numbly got up from the dresser his muffled obscenities became nothing more than a whisper. \"Well at least that thing has a short-range\" she whispered to herself. Relief washing over her like a cool tide on a mid-summer day. She tried to ignore the fact her heart was still hammering in her chest and the stabbing pain it brought her. She had to fight to steady herself as the familiar feeling of dizziness and nausea overtook her. She stumbled as her legs felt like jelly and she ended up slumped down on the floor with a thud having missed her bed my mere inches. \"Come on you can do this\" she reminded herself as the pain in her chest got stronger and he breathing hitched. It was getting harder and harder to breath as Lydia put a hand over her heart. She fought back the big river of tears that threatened to spring forth with each and every stab of pain. She sat there silently cursing herself for about ten minutes until the episode subsided and her heart beat returned to normal. She was late for work, but she didn't care. She had a demon living in her mirror and she had no idea what she was going to do about it. But what was more worrying was the fact she felt so compelled to talk to him. Not just say his name but to actually talk to him, it was one of the strongest things she had ever felt and it confused her deeply. After sitting and pondering her situation for a little while, she remembered Juno had left a card; just in case Beetlejuice ever did decide to come back. She quickly ran to her bedside table and began to rummage around in the drawer filled with business cards. Cards of every colour and design threw through the air; as if a small hurricane had tackled a residential street full of card houses. Eventually, she found Juno's business card; it was plain black and quite unremarkable. She turned it over in her hand a mixture of confusion and frustrating filling her as she stared at it. There was absolutely nothing helpful on the card. No phone number, no words to summon her with; nothing was there just a plain black business card. But as she concentrated on it, she could have sworn she noted a splash of colour breaking up the black. She turned it over again and lo and behold the name \"Juno\" was written in a flame orange ink. \"Yeah useful, thanks for that\" Lydia said sarcastically before pocketing the strange card. She desperately wanted to call in sick to work, but she knew that being alone in the house would just make things worse. Anyway, she would just be counting the seconds until she could talk to Adam, Barbra or Juno. Work would be difficult, but it would provide a well-needed distraction So Miss Deetz slipped on her jacket and headed out the door for what would be a very bizarre day of work. Several hour filled with blood, gore and ink passed before Lydia had a chance to stop and think about what she would be returning home too. She was absentmindedly eating half a sandwich with some sort of mystery filling. It reminded her of Delia's cooking and she couldn't quite decide if she liked it or not when she was approached by one of the models. The woman was dressed as a decaying, almost zombified Bettie page. The left side of her jaw was reduced to blood splattered bone and teeth. As the model leaned over the seated form of Lydia a chunk of the fake carnage dripped down onto the sandwich, ruining it with latex and faux blood. She was a strange character, not only with the striking and raw looking makeup but her skin was practically spilling over with ink. Her flesh was a canvas of beautiful dark sketches that were shrines to the gods of horror. One of her more unusual tattoos was rather deceptive. It was a black border circle similar to something you would find on a painting but with an almost blank centre. A few tendrils of black had crept into the centre, but there seemed to be no reason for them until you stood back a little. On close inspection, the Tattoo looked like chaos but once you stepped back you could see that it was, in fact, an inverted cameo-style portrait of Edgar Allan Poe. The features of the man was penned in with the black shadows of the border, the rest of his face; the negative space seemed to be almost comprised of the natural light that was, in fact, the pail woman's skin. Over the shadow portrait of Poe sat two beautiful and stoic ravens. This was just one of the many pieces that covered her skin. It was something the woman liked to call \"living ink\" as it incorporated her flesh as a focal point. This was a stark contrast to usual tattooing methods which covered the flesh to create an image. It was a strange idea but then again looking at the woman it seemed to fit with her. \"I've seen that look before, who died\"? The model asked before taking the seat opposite Lydia. There was a distinctive southern twang to the woman's voice so Lydia didn't even need to look up to know who had spoken. \"You apparently,\" Lydia said with a smirk before adding \"Living dead girl\" with a smile as she tossed the now contaminated sandwich aside. \"You know you should have that on your business card: Raven Zydrate professional Living Dead girl,\" Lydia said with a grin. \"Ooh I like that, but don't you think the 'professional' part makes me sound a little like some three dollar zombie whore?\" Raven asked. \"Since when has that stopped you before\"? Lydia replied playfully. \"Ah, rude!\" raven replied, playfully pretending to be offended by her friends jibes. After a few moments the zombified girls brows seemed to knit together in worry, there had been something wrong with Lydia all day. She was distracted by something and that meant things were serious. No matter how bad things had been with Lydia's personal life in the past she always managed to leave it at the door but something was really bugging her today and Raven was determined to find out what it was. \"Come on Lydia I know something's up. You have been nursing that paste sandwich for half an hour besides you look like you have just been sentenced to death or something. Last time I saw you like this Delia set you up with that dude, what was his name again Doctor Doom? Doctor Death?\" the girl asked warmly \"Oh god that guy!\" Lydia exclaimed giggling at the thought of the ridiculous guy her step mother had once introduced her to, in the hopes they would date. \"He liked being called Doctor Pain! That dude was more than delusional, plus by the looks of him I think he had seen Little Shop of Horrors a few times too many times\" Lydia scoffed. \"You know his real name was Eugene Painimire and he was a librarian. I honestly don't know where Delia finds those losers, but no it's not anything like that. It hasn't been 6 months since the last one so I'm still good on that front.\" Lydia said before her smile quickly faded and her look of sadness and confusion filled her. She sighed deeply, she wanted to tell her friend she honestly did but where to start. She had been friends with the woman for many years and they had gone through a lot together, but she didn't think she could confide in her friends. Lydia desperately wanted to tell someone, anyone about the ghostly parasite living in her mother's mirror, but she knew no one living would understand. Even if she could tell Raven and explain the gravity of the situation she wouldn't know where to begin. \"It's him isn't it… he's back again isn't he?\" Raven asked breaking Lydia out of her cloud of confusion. \"Him?\" she enquired, confusion etched across her face. \"Yeah him. That stalker dude that kidnapped you when you were 16 and tried to force you into marrying him. You know HIM\" Raven said almost aggressively \"The dude who you refuse to talk about, the guy who you refuse to discuss\" She added giving her friend a pitying look. Lydia sighed and forced a weak smile onto her face. \"How is it you always manage to read me like a book?\" Lydia asked softly. \"Yeah he's back and I don't know what to do about it. When he tried to make me marry him I was so young and inexperienced at…well everything. I hated that everything was so out of my control, but there was nothing I could do about it\" Lydia said bleakly. \"A part of me, deep down always knew he would be back, but I hoped it wouldn't be for a very long time. I thought that by the time I had to deal with him I would be practically ancient and tough as an old boot, so I could deal with his shit. I didn't think it would be so soon\" Lydia said monotonously. \"Can't you call the police or something? Isn't he breaking his parole or something like that just by contacting you?\" Raven asked, feeling outraged that her best friend was having to go through hell yet again at the hands of some lecherous creep. \"It's not that simple Rave's,\" Lydia said with exasperation in her voice. \"My parent they never pressed any charges against the guy, they couldn't. As far as the law was concerned I was 16 I could have eloped to get married to him and just not told my parents, but he did end up going to prison in fuck knows where. All I know is that he got out, I don't know how or why; all I know is he is back and I don't know what to do. I thought I would be ready for it but…\" she trailed off and threw her arms up in anger at the situation which defied words. Raven got up from her chair and embraced Lydia warmly. \"I'm so sorry honey, do you want me to come home with you? It might make you feel a little safer\" she asked as she began mentally packing her bags for the move into Lydia's place. \"No!\" Lydia exclaimed practically peeling her friend off her before she gave her a small kiss on her non-zombified cheek. \"Raven I love you, you know that. But this is something I have to do myself. If you come round then I'm just delaying the inevitable and it will be so much worse when I do have to deal with him because it will have grown into this huge monster of a thing\". Lydia said which was true, but she also didn't want to have to explain about the Maitland's and everything that led up to her current situation. She knew she could keep things vague at work but if she invited Raven home then it would be putting her in danger. She shuddered as she imagined Beetlejuice getting his slimy hands on her best friend. Though Raven was one tough and could hold her own in almost any situation she doubted she could handle a freelance Bio-exorcist with a grudge. \"I have to do this on my own because if I don't do it now then what? I live the rest of my life living in fear of this guy. Fuck that, it's no way to live your life and I'm not going to run and hide. I'm not a kid anymore, I can deal with it Rave's\" Lydia said sharply before adding in a softer tone \"Don't worry I will keep you on speed dial just in case\". \"You better,\" Raven said sternly before hugging her friend once again. \"I will be there in a flash if you need me,\" she said though logistically it would take her closer to an hour to find her way to Lydia's place. Lunch was soon over and Lydia found that she could think a little clearer now that she had got things out in the open to a degree. She knew she could never really fill anyone in on the whole reality of the situation but sharing even a quarter of the truth was a huge load off her mind. She had moved from the lunch table and has begun to make her way across to the main stage where the models were being repositioned. A few of them Raven included were having layers of fake blood topped up to give their gore an extra Juicy look. Lydia breathed in deeply as she looked at the set. There were coffins, gravestones and a whole graveyard in front of her. It was beautiful and almost decadent as the coffins were lined with the same silk as the outfits the models were wearing. Some of them were wearing outfits that would make a goddess of horror jealous as they were a Victorian romantic style and had a softness to them. The others were wearing corsets, stockings and garters all of which had strong burlesque style to them which was almost the polar opposite to the soft and modest Victorian style. Raven was in the latter category clothing wise though it wasn't much of a surprise considering the woman used to be a professional Burlesque dancer. Lydia was about to make her way across to the stage so they could start the second part of the photo shoot when she was hit by an odd feeling. She felt hot all of a sudden but only in one place, her right hip felt as if it was one fire. \"Fucking lighter\" Lydia muttered to herself as she began to rifle through her pockets. The lighter she currently had was an old one, the mechanism on it was loose due to years of wear abuse which meant that the smallest friction could set it off. She had almost set her clothes of fire several times already and she had made the decision to keep the lighter in a little metal tin. That way it couldn't set itself off, but she must have forgotten to put it in the tin before she left the house this morning. Yet as she searched she quickly found the lighter and it was in fact in its tin. The metal was cool under her fingertips so she was baffled at what was causing the burning sensation. She continued to search for the source of the heat, throwing he condense of her pocket onto the floor until she had her hand upon what felt like a piece of card. She quickly took it out of her pocket and noted that it was a business card. Her skin seemed to sizzle as it touched the surface of the card and small wisps of smoke could be seen trailing from her fingertips. Lydia quickly realised that the black card was Juno's business card and she quickly turned it over in her hand until the side with the woman's name was sitting face up. The bright orange piece of text glowed brightly and flickered like a flame, she brushed a finger against the text and cursed under her breath; I was defiantly the source of the heat. Something strange seemed to happen as she touched the burning words. The room became incredibly silent and still as Lydia was plunged into silence. She looked around and realised that everything was frozen in place, one of the models was frozen in a very awkward position as she was in the process of being \"re-bloodied\". The blood was paused in a wave halfway out of the bucket as SFX crew had been about to splash blood across the woman. As she looked around the more Lydia got the feeling as if she had somehow slipped into a bad science fiction movie things didn't make much sense but hell nothing in the world really made sense if you thought about it enough. So Lydia grabbed one of the nicer sandwiches at the lunch table and waited for Juno to arrive. She presumed that was the reason for the fact that everything but her was frozen in place. She placed the card facing upwards on the lunch table as she sat back down in the chair she had taken earlier. She munched on the sandwich as she waited, but nothing happened for what seemed to be a long time. She debated about getting something else to eat and was on the verge of getting up as the chair across the other side of the table began to move. It pushed itself out from under the table as if someone was about to sit down and as she watched a shimmery form began to materialise. Small wisps of smoke began to form the image of Juno and within a few seconds she was fully formed. The short old woman looked exactly the same as the last time Lydia had seen her, but then again in the ghost community cosmetic changes aren't really that big of a thing so why would she have changed? Lydia sometimes forgot that just because she had grown up didn't mean that the living impaired had also changed. \"I presume you called me for a good reason,\" Juno said crossly as she lit a cigarette she always seemed to be puffing; the smoke curling up in small wafts from the gaping knife wound in her throat. \"Were all backed up at the office, there's some strange shit going on and I do have other clients to see\" Juno stated before even looking up. As she looked up and saw who she was addressing, she seemed to soften for a little bit. \"You've grown up a lot since I last saw you,\" Juno said with an iota of kindness in her voice. \"Yeah that tends to happen to humans, especially teenagers,\" Lydia said with a half-smile. She forgot how dry and crass Juno could be but underneath it, she knew that the old woman was looking out for her. \"Wait, Deetz you're not dead are you?\" Juno said in earnest as her eyes raked over Lydia's form. Juno was so used to seeing gore and bloodied bodies that she had been desensitised to raw carnage that it took her a moment to fogure out something was wrong. It finally clicked when Lydia mentioned about being human and Juno remembered that blood and guts generally are a feature of the recently deceased. \"I'm your case worker aren't I, no wonder things have been so mixed up. Adding your file to the already outdated system must have caused some sort of overload\" Juno said quickly and it was oddly endearing seeing the panic in her eyes she genuinely seemed to care about Lydia but why did she think she was dead? It was then that Lydia looked down at herself, she hadn't realised, but she was caked in half a day's worth of gore which even to a trained professional looked highly realistic. \"No, no I'm fine look,\" Lydia said wiping a bit of blood off with her finger only to taste it, the faux blood mix tasted oddly of fruit and sugar. \"It's fake. I'm a photographer look I was half way through a photo shoot\" Lydia said gesturing to the models, the makeup artists and the lighting director all of which were frozen in space and time. \"Not bad, not bad\" Juno admitted, \"You had me going for a minute there, send me some of your prints sometime Deetz you have talent,\" Juno said with a small smile which was practically a Cheshire cat grin for the woman. \"You should see my stuff when I'm really trying and I'm not distracted,\" Lydia said fidgeting with her hands awkwardly for a moment. Juno finished her cigarette and as she lit a new one she offered one to Lydia who happily took her up on the offer. \"He's back!\" Lydia said after taking a long deep draw on the cigarette. She only smoked when she was really stressed so today seemed like a perfect day to start up again. Though she didn't like Juno's brand they tasted stale and tasted of rot. Though what did she really expect from a dead woman, anyway beggars can't be choosers. Juno sighed deeply \"I expected as much, I suppose it was only a matter of time\". She said taking a drag of her cigarette, the smoke billowed up from the gouge in her throat. \"You remember when I first started working with you after that sham of a marriage,\" Juno said flicking ash across the table. \"How could I forget, it's not every day a girl get forced into marriage, only to have her 'fiancé' eaten by a sandworm,\" Lydia said numbly. \"Well, you should know something about that. The Maitland's made a decision that you were too young at the time to know and they thought it would upset you too much but Be..\" she trailed off catching herself before she could utter his name. \"He was trapped in that sandworm for quite a while, we all though it killed him, but he escaped somehow. He came to the house and he was out for blood. We had to do something, we had to trap him again. Barbra was convinced he would come after you so we did all we could. We bound him to something, it took every trick in the book, but we managed to do it\" Juno said sombrely. \"Well, whatever you did to him it's stopped working. He's back and seems madder than ever\" Lydia said with venom in her voice, a pillar of ash quickly accumulating on her forgotten cigarette. \"That's not right, he shouldn't have been able to get free, not where we sent him,\" Juno said with a hint of anxiety in her voice. She took another big drag of her cigarette before snuffing it out on the table. \"I need to take you back to the house, see if I can figure out how and where he escaped from\" Juno said firmly. Lydia had been about to protest, but she was suddenly gripped with a feeling of extreme nausea. Her mind was filled with a strange foggy feeling, it made thinking incredibly difficult and her whole head hurt. Just trying to grasp a logical thought, to even talk felt like she was wading waist height through a lake of congealing porridge. When she looked up the image of the attic begun to swim into view.[Chapter 7] Hi Here's chapter 7 but before you start reading I have a confession. This is a very dialogue-heavy chapter and dialogue isn't my strongest point so I am really sorry if it sounds a little staged or wordy in places. Please Please PLEASE review, I am desperate for feedback and I will love you forever if you review. As always I hope you enjoy and are looking forward to me posting more. \"Sorry I forgot the effects apperating has on mortals,\" Juno said apologetically as Lydia gasped for breath. She felt incredibly nauseated and things seemed slightly off as if there was half a second delay. She felt dizzy and ended up slumping down onto the attic sofa; a cloud of dust filled the air making Lydia cough for a moment. She found it somewhat fascinating that Juno coughed as well and fanned her face with her hand all the while still smoking like a chimney. \"There should be an old mirror in here somewhere,\" Juno said fanning herself and taking a deep drag from her cigarette which convinced Lydia even further that if the woman ever stopped smoking even for a minute she would stop completely. \"Perhaps they are what keeps her going, take away the cigarettes and she will power down like a robot with the batteries removed,\" Lydia thought to herself, it was defiantly an amusing thought and a theory she would have to test some time. She was brought back to reality as Juno addressed her. \"We had to bind him to something and the silver makes them particularly good conduits,\" Juno said though she didn't bother to explain what they were good conduits for. \"Sorry did you say a mirror?\" Lydia inquired only to get a nod in return. \"By any chance is it a big mirror with a white frame? It looks kind of old and it has a weird mark in the bottom right corner\" Lydia asked already knowing the answer to her question. \"That's the one? It didn't smash, did it? The Maitland's assured me that it was hidden somewhere very safe\". Juno said sounding both worried and pissed off at the incompetence of the newbie ghosts. \"Speaking of which, shouldn't they be here by now?\" Juno asked. \"No, no the mirror is fine it's all in one piece, more or less. But I haven't seen Adam and Barbra for a good few years actually\" Lydia explained sadly. \"I got a letter from them and they said they were going to give things in the netherworld a try. Personally, I would have been happy if they had stayed, but the call of retirement was too strong or something\" Lydia said watching the cloud of dust begin to settle again. Things sounded more than fishy to Juno, but she decided to stay quiet on the matter until she had more evidence under her belt. There was no point in chasing shadows and upsetting Lydia in the process until she knew what she was actually dealing with. \"Do you still have that letter by any chance?\" Juno asked trying to keep all hint of emotion out of her raspy voice. Lydia nodded in response \"Yep it's in my dresser and so is that mirror you were talking about. Well, that's on the dresser not in it, it wouldn't fit IN the dresser\" Lydia rambled which was a dead giveaway that she was nervous. She let out an exasperated sigh before stating \"it's this way\" as she got up from the sofa; gave herself a quick dust down and she began to make her way to the attic stairs. They crossed the attic and the stairs in silence and Lydia felt the need to say something, but she thought it would just aggravate Juno more and she really did need the woman's help. They walked into Lydia's room and the mirror as sitting on the table looking perfect and completely untouched. Well, it would look untouched to a stranger but Lydia knew she had left the curtain draped over the glass, it was the only reason she had a chance to get away. Now, however, the curtain was back in its usual place and the mirror was unobstructed. \"Last time I saw him he was hanging out inside my mirror. That was this morning, but things seem different now. The dresser isn't as I left it\" Lydia said trying to keep the crippling fear she was feeling out of her voice. \"Er should I?\" she asked gesturing at the dresser seat, hoping against hope she wouldn't have to do a repeat performance of this morning's horror show. \"If you wouldn't mind,\" Juno said in a stern voice which made Lydia feel even worse, she really didn't have a choice in this situation and she hated it. So biting the bullet Lydia sat down at her table and pretended as if everything was normal, she began to run a brush through her hair hoping that she wouldn't see that flash of sickly green. She fiddled with some of the cosmetics and bottles of perfume on the dresser as if she was looking for something and out of the corner of her eye, she could see the green glow taking over the mirror. She still couldn't see him properly yet but the more she ignore him the more in focus he seemed to get. It felt almost as if he was mocking her, staying out of focus just to annoy her. \"So Babes couldn't get enough of me ay,\" the gravelly voice said breaking the silence making Lydia's heart feel as if it was about to drop through her stomach. \"Something like that\" Lydia said flatly hoping that he wouldn't pick up on how frightened she was. She had planned out what she would say to him in incredible detail, but she ended up blurting out \"Why are you here, what do you want with me?\" instead. She could hear a small sigh coming from her bedroom doorway where Juno stood out of the mirrors sigh. \"Wow, that a lot of questions for a chick who claimed she didn't even know my name. Sounds like someone was telling lies this morning\" he whispered in a hiss which was both patronising and oddly appealing at the same time. \"Look Beetle…\" she trailed off as she watched him repositioned himself in the mirror. She could see him better now and now and he was much more than just a pair of floating eye. He looked fully formed, in real time in real size. He was standing on the other side of the glass which now looked more like a window than a mirror. He was looked just like he did when she first summoned him all those years ago and it was both terrifying and thrilling that it seemed that all he had to do was lean out of the glass and he would be able to touch her. \"You've got stronger since this morning,\" Lydia said as calmly as she could. She would never admit that seeing him almost in the flesh was having a rather strange effect on her. Her heart was racing like crazy and once again she felt the strange pull to talk to him and tell him all her secrets. It was even stronger than any of their previous encounters and she wasn't sure why. There was something about seeing the stripes in his suit that made her feel very, very confused. They were so distinctive that she couldn't fool herself into thinking she was talking to anyone else. \"Seeing that we're stating the obvious why don't I congratulate you on snapping. Honestly, I thought it would take a lot more to get you to snap and off yourself. I'll admit I'm disappointed I was looking forward to playing a few choice games with you. Then again you always were a little trigger happy and hungry for the afterlife\" Beetlejuice said mockingly as he could see that Lydia was covered in gore. He honestly felt disappointed Lydia was bloodied and she looked incredibly weak so he presumed she was on the way out. He had enjoyed the thought of feeling her warm willing flesh under him and all the games he could play on her. Sure he could make her life hell if she was dead but all the teasing and pent-up frustration sexual and otherwise somehow lost its appeal if she was now one of the living impaired. \"I hate to burst your bubble, but I wouldn't congratulate myself so soon if I were you,\" Lydia said with venom in her voice. She was quickly overcoming her fear of him and though she still felt sick and incredibly confused the more they talked the less scared she felt. \"I'm a photographer\" Lydia stated flicking a large clot of the fake blood at the mirror. It landed with a satisfying splat and Lydia felt a kick of satisfaction at the fact that he had woefully underestimated her. Though she didn't expect what happened next, almost as soon as the blood hit the mirror Beetlejuice began to grin. It was disgusting as his teeth could be the poster child for tooth decay and gingivitis; she could practically see the bugs crawling between his teeth. In fact, one of them fell out of his gum line and he chuckled as he quickly scooped it up and put it in the breast pocket of his jacket. \"Save that guy for later,\" he said cheerfully before he turned his attention back to Lydia and the blood splat. His grin widened and a striped, forked tongue slithered out from between his lips. It stretched out to an abnormal length looking almost cartoon-like as it reached out to meet the mirror's surface where he licked away the blood. \"Fake, such a pity\" he muttered. \"I was so looking forward to tasting more of that delicious blood of yours\" he practically purred his bright emerald eyes locking with Lydia's. There was an unmistakable moment of audible silence as Lydia looked deep into his eyes, they were so strange and yet familiar. It was like something she had seen in a dream a very long time ago and it made Lydia's skin feel an almost electric tingle. Beetlejuice could feel it too, there was something off about Lydia, as he looked into her deep, chocolate brown eyes. They were warm and inviting, but that wasn't what disturbed him. It was the fact that it reminded him of something he had seen a couple of hundred lifetimes ago. Something that he hadn't understood fully at the time and he only understood an iota more from his many years of being the undead. He wanted to know more about Lydia, he wanted to undress her body and her mind to see what made her tick but most of all he wanted to find out why she felt so familiar to him. It had something he felt the moment he had first seen her all those years ago when he had turned into a snake to terrorised her family. There had been a moment where he something deep inside him had recognised her and he wasn't sure why. That's why he had taken such an interest in the girl, after all he could have manipulated anyone into marrying him, one of the party guests, hell even the girls shew of a stepmother. Yet he decided she was the one that held the key to his freedom and he would have got it if it hadn't been for that bloody sandworm. The pair were quickly broken out of their haze as Juno practically exploded from her corner of the room. \"WHAT, Deetz you, idiot. Never feed your blood to one of the dead, especially someone like him\" Juno said with disdain as she burst from her corner to stand behind Lydia so she was in full view of the mirror. \"I didn't, I haven't, I would never\" Lydia mumbled, feeling incredibly angry and on the verge of tears at the accusation. \"I know I'm not as savvy as you are when it comes to the world of the dead, but I'm not a moron. I would never share my blood with anyone!\" she practically shouted, outraged at such an accusation. Beetlejuice sat back smugly watching the scene unfold as the two women bickered. It was quite a show and he wished he had a bucket of popcorn to munch on as he watched the pair trying to figure things out. \"It's such a shame I could really go for some more of your juice babes, especially now it's such a fine vintage,\" He said in a voice that was so seductive it sounded like liquid silk. Then he laughed his unmistakable, insane laugh that made Lydia shudder to her very core. Juno fixed Beetlejuice with a glare as sharp as any dagger \"And you; you leave this poor girl alone or I'll have you exercised to the lost souls' room. There will be no getting out of it this time\" She said trying to sound menacing, but the ghost with the most laughed it off as if the threat had been spoken by a harmless little mouse. \"Wow, big threats coming from Ms Marlboro,\" Beetlejuice said sarcastically \"The truth is you couldn't get rid of me if you tried,\" he said before his face split into a sickening grin. \"Wait a minute you did try and this was the best you could do. Face it you old hag the only 'exorcizing' you could do is in a gym\" Beetlejuice said before he cackled maniacally. Juno literally steamed in reply, though she was no longer smoking a cloud of what looked like steam seemed to shoot angrily from the hole in her neck. As she glared at the mirror she noticed something, a little mark on the frame that was a deep scarlet almost brown. It sat on the frame of the mirror, it being the only colour marking the cream paint. \"Lydia did you ever cut you on the mirror,\" Juno said trying to keep the anger from her voice as she tried to ignore the idiot that was her ex-assistant. \"Think back, did you hurt yourself when you first moved in? Juno asked anxiously. Lydia paused for a moment as she tried to remember back to her childhood. Things were fuzzy at the best of times let alone when she was stuck in the middle of two dead people, belittling each other. She reached out and touched the strange scarlet mark on the mirror, as she did so she was filled with that strange tingling cold feeling. It seemed to radiate from her hand outwards until it sat at her core and radiated along her spine. It made her shiver internally in a most enjoyable way, she tried to ignore the feeling just like the tried to ignore the emerald eyes staring straight at her, but she failed at both. \"Yeah I did, when Mama first got the dresser. Before she painted and varnished it I was playing dress up and I ended up splitting my hand open on a splinter\" Lydia said taking her fingers away from the tarnish in the wood to reveal a scar across the palm of her hand. It was bright white for some reason and it was incredibly cold to the touch. \"Did little Lydia want to play doctors and nurses?\" Beetlejuice said with an extra sleazy smile. \"Fuck you I was 6… and my mama had some awesome clothes\" Lydia retorted with a snarl. Juno was quiet for a moment before she put her hand on Lydia's shoulder \"Can I talk to you in the hallway for a moment?\" she asked sounding genuinely concerned. Lydia nodded and got up from the dresser leaving the ghost with the most to his own devices. \"Hey come on we had something going here; I insult you, you insult me…\" at that point Lydia had moved away and the mirror had turned into a mass of silver clouds before its surface turned back to what a mirror should be. \"And then we make out a little no big deal,\" he said looking back up to see that he was back in his black void of a prison. \"Fuck!\" he said kicking the edge of the mirror which made a taut twanging sound like a rock hitting a frozen lake. Meanwhile, in the hallway Juno was discussing things with Lydia and it didn't seem hopeful. \"Lydia if you really did hurt yourself your blood could have soaked into the makings of the mirror,\" Juno said and Lydia realised it must have been serious as it was the first time the woman had ever called her by her first name. \"If B…\" she stopped to take a breath and then restarted what she was saying. \"If HE has drunk your blood like the claims then there is nothing I can do,\" Juno said sadly. \"Wait what do you mean there's nothing you can do it's just blood, anyway its way over a decade old. One crusty little puddle of blood shouldn't matter\" Lydia snapped hoping that it wouldn't actually be a big deal. \"You don't get it, Lydia, there's nothing I can do, it's not that I don't want to help you I honestly do, but I can't,\" Juno said getting out a cigarette to calm her nerves. \"So what If I don't need your help, it's just blood\" Lydia replied hopefully. Once the old woman was smoking like a chimney again, she replied. \"I don't make the rules Miss Deetz,\" She said slipping back into her professional persona. \"There used to be ceremonies hundreds of years back where the living would share their blood with the dead. It was usually only performed by the desperate, the mad and the incredibly lonely. It was rare, but it did happen every once in a while\" she stopped to take a drag of the calming stick of ash. \"Blood was shared so that the dead had a bond with the living. It was an almost instant thing, the dead would become almost alive again. They could move about the world of the living and the world of the dead with ease; the human could do the same thing sometimes, but that was even rarer still. As far as I know, all the humans go the short end of the stick because the dead's power increased if they feast on the living blood\" Juno said with a tone of pity in her voice. \"You said he looked stronger since you last saw him, that's what the blood does. It imbues the living impaired with power that only something with living can bring. It doesn't matter how old the consumed blood is, they could be chewing down on scabs if they wanted\" she said taking another drag before adding \"And I have seen souls desperate enough to try. But if the blood isn't from something that's still alive at the moment of consumption then it won't work. It doesn't matter that the blood was from when you were a child, you're still alive so he can take your power\" Juno said before she did something incredibly unexpected she reached out with her free arm and gave Lydia a half cuddle. \"I'm so sorry Deetz, but he basically owns you now. It's the rules, the dead have more rights that the living and as far as everyone is concerned you're his\". Juno said softly, there wasn't an easy way to say it and there was no way of breaking a blood tie so she decided to fill in Lydia with some of the details; she at least owed her that. \"He will be able to feel you at all times, he will know when you are in danger and it will be in his interests to keep you alive for as long as possible. He will make you suffer, but he will keep you alive as long as it suits him\" Juno said softly before the stunned Lydia broke the awkward half hug. \"Great just like fucking True Blood\" Lydia muttered before Juno interjected. \"Whats a True Blood?\" Juno asked curiosity obvious in her voice and for a moment it distracted them both from reality \"Er it's a TV show about Vampires but that doesn't matter now\" Lydia explained before getting back to the subject in hand. \"What does matter is that fact that i don't belong to anyone. No-one owns me, no you, not Adam, not Barbra and certainly not HIM!\" She said angrily, tears of frustration stinging her eyes. \"You said that ghosts can feed off a human and take their power. Has there ever been a human who has taken the power off a ghost?\" Lydia asked desperately. \"I honestly don't know Deetz I can try and find out for you. I can speak to the netherworld council and I will have a look in the law library, but I will be honest with you off the bat it's not looking promising. As far as rights are concerned you don't really have any. Why else do you think HE could try and marry you without your permission\" She stubbed her cigarette out with the heel of her shoe and gave Lydia a pitying look. \"Look I have a friend on the council that owes me a favour or two so I will try my best, but it will be a miracle if I can even get them to look at your case. Even then it will take a while, the Netherworld justice system is slow even on ghost time. It could be a few years before they even get to the case IF they choose to take it. \" Juno said bluntly. \"Fuck that I'm not waiting years for someone to lock him back up. There has to have been someone who reversed it, someone, who took the power back,\" Lydia said frantically to which Juno replies with giving her a condescending pat on the head, it had been meant to be soothing, but it just came out as patronizing. \"While I'm here I'm going to need that letter from the Mainland's, perhaps it will help me contact them; I'm sure they'll be happy to help out,\" Juno said and Lydia nodded in reply the words only just about sinking in. It was a lot of heavy information to process all at once. In a sort of autopilot, she walked back to the dresser, opened one of the draws and took out the letter. She didn't need to actively avoid looking at the mirror in her numb state everything was cloudy. Internally she was screaming as she handed the letter to Juno. It had been the last thing they had ever given her, before they disappeared and now Juno had it. She knew the end would justify the means, but I didn't stop her from wanting to clasp the letter to her chest and never let it go. \"Stay strong and try not to let him get to you,\" Juno said with as much love and emotion as a stone though she might as well have told Lydia not to let the sun, shine it was an inevitability they both knew that. Juno had been about to give some words of encouragement, but she knew it was useless so she silently disappeared in her usual puff of smoke. Lydia stood there for a while trying to process the mountain of new information before she gave up and robotically made her way back to bed. She tucked herself under the covers, making a blanketed fortress of solitude before she let the floodgates open and she sobbed herself to sleep.[Chapter 8] Sorry, this chapter is late, it's been a very busy holiday season. I have got sick while writing this so, I apologise if this chapter isn't up to my usual standard. I will be updating but probably slowly until I get over this bug. Anyway, enjoy this new chapter, please review and tell me what you think. Lydia awoke in a complete state; she was all hot and horribly clammy all over as if her temperature had spiked. To make things worse, her clothes were soaked in sweat which made her feel like an old wet flannel. She wanted to strip herself of the disgustingly moist clothes, so she could sleep in comfort. She felt so fatigued and raw from last night's exchange, that she just wanted nothing more than to feel the numbness of sleep. If she was asleep then as far as she was concerned she was safe. On autopilot, she sleepily reached for the hem of her top. Exposing a little bit of pale midriff before she faltered. She eyed the mirror on the dressing table anxiously. Though its surface was still clouded with silver like any other mirror she didn't think she could take that kind of risk. It wasn't safe for her to get changed in her room anymore, not when she had a pervert living in her mirror. She lowered the corner of her shirt back down as she decided that having a shower would be her best bet. It would make her feel better and hopefully put her in a better mood. Even if she went straight back to bed after it would make a difference. She wasn't sure why but she got some of her best ideas while in the shower and perhaps her soapy musing, would lead to a way out of her current situation. Juno's words still echoed through her brain, 'He basically owns you now'. She couldn't help but shudder at that, the thought of him having any sort of claim on her was just too creepy. She got up and passed the mirror, muttering obscenities under her breath at its new resident, before she made her way over to the stereo. She put on the first CD that was to hand, which turned out to be an album of monster metal. It seemed oddly fitting for her situation and she made sure to turn the volume up past 11 before she made her way to the shower. That way the music would be loud enough that even with the door closed and the water on full blast, she could still hear the music. But more importantly, HE wouldn't be able to hear her. If she started crying in the echoey confines of the bathroom he would be none the wiser. Then for the second consecutive day in a row, Lydia changed out of previous day's old and crumpled clothing. \"I really need to stop doing this\" she muttered to herself before she slipped into the stream of water. She turned up the pressure until waves of soothing warmth massaged away the aches she wasn't aware that she had. The nasty clammy feeling quickly left her skin as she stood under the falling water. It felt like she was in a safe bubble here in the bathroom. In the isolation of the shower, it felt a thousand miles away from the antics of her disturbed, deceased roommate. For the first time in what seemed like ages, she felt calm and content as she listened to the strange echoing mixture of the water and music mix together. She was enjoying the track playing and she wasn't sure if it was just because she was more relaxed but the music seemed to get softer and softer. It made her jump as it stopped altogether as all she could hear was the sound of the water hitting the bathroom times. She stopped, frozen for a second as foam dripped from the wet sponge in her hand. The unmistakable sound of static emanated from the stereo for a few moment almost as if someone was flicking through radio stations. There was a very loud buzzing sound before a track called \"Monster is my Name\" began to play. It wasn't a track on the CD so she wasn't quite sure what was going on but she shrugged and decided to go with it. Questioning things at this stage would only make things more confusing and the less time she spent focusing on weird goings on in the house the better. If she questioned and paid attention to everything she figured she would go insane within the first few weeks. So she decided that the mysterious change of playlist wasn't worth worrying about. Any investigation would mean leaving the cosiness of the shower and she couldn't quite bring herself to leave quite yet. She leant forward so the water cascaded down the back of her neck so she could listen to the lyrics of the song. She had heard it a hundred times before but there had to be a reason he had changed the track. She almost held her breath as she listened to the obscure and vulgar lyrics for that particular track. \"You know me, my name is monster. Now, don't you call my name in vain? You know my name and what it stands for… for monster is my name. You know me, my name is monster. I'll never let you get away, you know my name and where it comes from MONSTER is my NAME!\" the music bellowed from the other room. \"Yeah real subtle\" Lydia muttered to herself before she screamed from the bathroom \"Hey Monster, you mess with my tunes again and I'm going to drop that mirror of yours off the winter river bridge,\" Lydia shouted threateningly. In reality, it was something she would never actually do as the mirror was too precious to her; it being one of her mother's last worldly possessions. Beetlejuice however, didn't know about the special place the mirror had in Lydia's heart so he faltered his tampering. There was a moment of audible silence before the static returned and the original song Hard Rock Hallelujah began to play. \"Thank you\" Lydia shouted almost musically as her tunes returned to normal again. \"So he does have manors after all, who would have guessed\" Lydia murmured as she got back to showering herself. It was then that a thought hit her like a lead weigh, she hadn't even noticed how many mirrors were in the small room. Three by all account, the medicine cabinet mirror, one makeup mirror and a small mirror in the actual shower itself. She quickly covered the shower mirror with a wet flannel in the hopes of obscuring it. She stood there for a few seconds, heart in her throat as she looked desperately around at the other mirrors. Luckily the glass sides of the shower was so steamed up that even someone standing in the bathroom doorway would have trouble seeing her. That meant the other two mirrors were safe, for now. She quickly peeled a corner of the flannel away from the shower mirror as she stared intently into its depths. She let out a sigh of relieve when she noticed there was no trace of a supernatural glow anywhere. She even knocked on the mirror several times to try to aggravate any inhabitants. Yet the mirror stayed silent and still like any other ordinary mirror. \"He can't travel,\" Lydia thought to herself as she peeled the rest of the flannel away from the shower mirror and threw it over her shoulder. \"If he could he would be in here like a shot. As he isn't I guess that means he's stuck in there\" Lydia thought to herself with a sense of relief washing over her. It would explain why he messed with the stereo. It was sitting next to the dresser after all and she presumed it was his attempt to see her naked or in a towel. She wouldn't underestimate the power of Beetlejuice's perverted nature. From what she had heard (through the netherworld grapevine), Beetlejuice was the biggest sleazeball this side of the known universe. She had heard a lot of things about him, some she was sure was just pure conjecture but seeing that she was going to be stuck with him for god knows how long she decided she was going to see if the man lived up to the myth. She turned off the shower and wrapped a towel around herself. She spent a while in the bathroom, towel drying and brushing her hair. Then she decided to kill some time by reorganising the medicine cabinet. Anything that would keep her in there for just a little bit longer. She already changed into today's clothes which consisted of a v neck black camisole, which had lace along the edges, making the plunging neckline look a bit more conservative. Lydia looked at it in the mirror and had doubts about it, you couldn't see anything more than her bra straps but she hoped the plunging neckline wouldn't make her a target for the ghost's perverted attention. Anyway, it was too late to change it now, if she went to get something else to wear he would know she was thinking of him. She didn't want to give him the satisfaction and she wanted to come off as if he wasn't even a blip on her radar. So the top stayed and it was paired with a pair of tartan trousers which were one of her favourite pieces. An online Goth and Punk clothing store had let her raid a catalogue of items from them after she had done a particularly good piece of art including their clothing. It was a post-apocalyptic, neo-Victorian shoot, which was both well received and ended up giving the store a lot more business hence the goody bag Lydia received as an extra thank you. Lydia wished she had another shoot like that she could run off too but she didn't have anything booked for the next week which means she would have to actually talk to the thing living in her mirror. She wanted an excuse but it would just be finding small things to avoid the storm up ahead, it was better to just get things over and done with. She took a deep breath, enjoying the humid warmth of the room for a second more before she opened the door into the bedroom. The change in temperature hit her like a wall of ice, it made her feel a little uneasy but she had to do this now or she would never do it. She quickly left the bathroom, her long hair leaving tiny droplets of water across the floor as she walked back into the cooler of the two rooms \"Just do it quickly like ripping off a Band-Aid\" she thought to herself as she sat down at the dresser and waited for the eerie green glow to take up the silver image. She didn't quite know what to say or even how to broach the whole 'he owns you' subject so she waited for him to speak. \"Hey babes,\" Beetlejuice said as the silver smoke dissipated and his image took up the cream gilded frame. He took a second or two to look the woman up and down. She looked, incredibly sexy with the fluffy and somewhat messy black hair, it reminded him of 'sex hair' and he hoped she would never brush it out. As his eyes raked down her form he couldn't help but appreciate the low cut top she was wearing. Her ample bosom was undeniable and her hair dripped little beads of water which trickled down her cleavage making it glisten enticingly. He could practically feel the heat emanating from her body thanks to the shower and he couldn't help but notice the slight pink tinge to hepaleil skin. He couldn't keep his mind from wondering what she would look like when she was hot, bothered and wet in a very different way. He would love nothing more than to lick the beads of sweat from her cleavage before investigating what exactly lay underneath her bra in incredible detail. \"Damn you look fine all hot and wet like that\" Beetlejuice said hoping it would get a rise out of Lydia. He chuckled to himself as he noticed a blush blooming on Lydia's cheeks at his comment. \"I was hoping to see you in a towel but this will do nicely\" he added as Lydia's blush deepened giving a delightful rosiness to her cheeks. \"Er than,ks\" Lydia said shakily. She had mentally prepared herself for any insult he could through at her and she had been psyched up to get into an all-out verbal sparring match with him. But she hadn't been prepared for a compliment and it completely flawed her for a few minutes. She hated how it had completely blindsided her and how her body betrayed her by blushing. He had leverage over her now and she felt more than uncomfortable. She tried her best to ignore his comment and the fact that he was staring down her top and instead decided to broach the subject head-on. \"Alright then 'monster is my name'. According to Juno you and me are stuck together\" Lydia stated hoping that he would correct her even though she knew he wouldn't. \"So that old pile of ash isn't as useless as I though,\" he said before an unsettling smile formed on his face \"yeah babes you and me are stuck together like glue. Even if you off yourself right now your still mine so don't get any ideas. Anyway, I prefer my girls to be in the land of the living, let's just say that it makes transportation easier\" The unsettling smile never faltered and it reminded Lydia of the Joker from Batman. \"Ok I will ignore that, sinister sentence\" Lydia said with a slight shudder. She wasn't exactly sure why he thought she was suicidal as it was the second time he had mentioned her killing herself. That pared with the whole transportation thing bought fourth images of her waking up in an ice bath only to find her kidneys having been removed. She was disturbed to say the least. \"What is your obsession with me wanting to kill myself? I'm perfectly happy and I'm not that dark cloud of a person I was all those years ago so quit saying shit like that\" Lydia said defensively, she hated the fact that he called her one his girls. A cold shiver ran down her spine as she remembered the severed finger that had held her wedding ring. She remembered how he had discarded the severed digit before roughly shoving the ring on her finger. \"Well why else would you be adamant to go to the netherworld. I know you begged the Maitland's to take you with them\". Beetlejuice said with a wicked smile before adding \"I know you still feel the same way, you can't wait to visit the other side\" he said with a slight sneer. \"I have my reasons alright! Why does anyone do anything?\" Lydia snapped. \"Woah alright, alright I get it jeez\" Beetlejuice replied and what followed was several minutes of very uncomfortable silence. \"So,\" Lydia said trying to cut the ice so they could have a proper talk. \"As we are apparently going to have to get along for quite some time, I need something I can call you. I'm not saying the B word because I'm not letting you out of that mirror\" Lydia said sternly, she noticed his gaze was on her cleavage so she self-consciously folded her arms over her chest. \"Why not say my name babes? You frightened I might grow on you if you let me loose\" Beetlejuice said in an entrancing growl. It made a shiver Run down Lydia's spine and she felt that strange pull again. It was as if something was whispering sweet nothings to her which resonated somewhere deep inside her. It was so very tempting and she felt like taking him up on the offer. She knew what she was experiencing probably was a side effect to the blood tie but it didn't stop her from feeling deeply confused about it. \"The only way you grow on people is like a cancer\" Lydia snapped back, trying to hide the strange mix of feelings from him. If he didn't know how mixed up and confused she was feeling then things would work a lot better. \"I'm not saying your name and I'm not letting you out. So unless you want to be called 'hey you' or 'monster' for the next few years then I suggest we come up with something to call you that's on neural ground. No magic, no spells and nothing that can let you out, just a normal nickname\" Lydia said sharply and it felt good putting her foot down. She didn't have to like the fact she was stuck with him but she could do a few things to make it slightly more bearable. Realistically she would have to talk to him. She couldn't ignore him for the rest of time so a nickname would make things a lot easier. After all constantly letting him loose just to ask a simple question would become exhausting and she was determined that she would do everything in her power to avoid letting him out. \"Oooh babes harsh words, I would be wounded if I had a heart. But alright I will play your little game after all we are going to be spending a lot of time with each other so you're going to need a name you can really moan that won't send me back here.\" With that here he knocked on the glass of the mirror. Yes he was amazingly cocky, he was pretty sure he would be able to get into Lydia's pants the first time she decided to properly summon him. But he would play along with her little game of cat and mouse. \"You could always call me BJ, I've had a few girls call me that in my time. Mainly Dante's girls because there is nothing I love better than…\" He was quickly interrupted by Lydia who shouted \"Ben Johnson\" as she blushed and tried to remove the dirty mental image that was stuck like tar in her brain. \"Who the fuck is Ben Johnson?\" Beetlejuice asked annoyed, he was enjoying how uncomfortable his candid talk about sex made Lydia. It made him wonder about her sex life, he figured that she was a frigid virgin judging by her reaction. He made a mental note to investigate her love life, though he liked the idea of converting a shy little virgin. He also loved the idea that Lydia was hiding an incredibly kinky side from him and she would turn out to be a dominatrix or something. \"He was a guy I went to college with,\" Lydia said glad that her outburst had been enough to change the topic. \"Because his initials were B and J we all called him Beej\" Lydia explained. \"I think it would be quite a fitting name for you as, he was a massive pervert as well,\" Lydia said with a half-smile. \"Glad you noticed babes,\" Beetlejuice said with a predatory smile as he flicked the collar to his shirt cockily. The smile really made Lydia regret the pervert comment. \"Yeah I kind of like it\" he said with a nod as if to cement the idea more firmly \"Yeah that's going to work nicely, thanks babes,\" he said with a genuinely pleasant smile. Well it would be pleasant if you ignored the horror show that was his teeth. \"Er you're welcome Beej,\" Lydia said with a small smile of her own. \"Considering that you're getting a new name and everything I think it's only fair that I let you choose one for me,\" she said hoping that he wouldn't cotton on to the fact that she hated it when he called her babes. There was just something in his voice when he said it that reminded her of the way he had looked at her all those years ago when they first met. He had been a snake at the time and she remembered how vulnerable and uncomfortable it made her feel. \"Well I'm pretty fond of calling you Babes, seeing the effect it has on you,\" Beej said with a grin. \"And what effect would that be?\" Lydia snapped indignantly, refusing to admit he could do anything to her. \"That, right there,\" He said triumphantly \"You act all tough to compensate. You like to think you're untouched by anything I say or do but we both know the tough act is just that an act. When I call you Babes it make you blush like crazy and you're mind wonder to a place you would never admit too. You don't want me to know that you feel anything at all. You want me to think your some sort of ice queen but you're not. You don't want me to call you babes anymore because it makes you question things you don't want to think about. It makes you feel something other than disdain for me. Am I on the right track?\" Beej asked with a predatory grin. Lydia had no idea how he could pick up on all that. She took her eyes off the mirror and instead focused on the window behind and the beams of sun shining through. She felt so odd, so mixed up, confused and hurt that she didn't know what to do. Beej was right by all accounts and that scared her. How could he get so much right when she didn't even have a clue herself? Lydia felt like she was on the edge of tears and she was about to get up from the dressing table when she was address by a voice she had never heard before. It was familiar as It came from her new companion but it was in a tone she had never heard before. Everything he had said to her before was all harsh, obnoxious and loud; tThis on the other hand was soft and almost soothing. \"Look I can call you Lyds if it makes you feel any better?\" Beej said in an oddly reassuring murmur. It took Lydia by surprise and as she looked back at him she saw not a sneer or his usual perverted smirk but a look of genuine concern in his eyes. \"That would be fantastic thank you,\" she said with a warm smile. \"Right,\" Beej said cracking his knuckles \"Now we have names sorted out why don't we put down a few ground rules. After all we will be living together for quite a long time\".[Chapter 9] So here is my latest full chapter, i hope you all enjoy it. I am starting to feel a little better now but i'm still not over the bug but i'm getting there. I ill continue updating in half chapters as its a lot easier on me than doing whole chapters at a time. I want to thank everyone for the wonderful reviews, i really appreciate any and all feedback so keep on reviewing and enjoy. \"Right, so ground rules\" Lydia said wondering just what the Ghost with the most had up his sleeve but she had a feeling she would have to agree to something she didn't feel comfortable with. \"Ok, first ground rule is no spying on me, especially when I am changing. I'm not going to go out of my way to avoid you or your stupid mirror. Oh, and if you interrupt one of my photo shoots to perv over the models I swear I will drop you in the winter river you got that\" Lydia said sternly. Beej glared at her through the mirror, his emerald eyes seemed to glow with anger Lydia thought he was about to explode when he did something most unexpected. He ran his red and black stained fingertips through his thin and mouldy hair with a slight sigh. \"That was two rules, quid pro quo Lyd's,\" he said with an unnerving smile. \"My rule is that I get to spend as much time as I want on the outside,\" he said rapping his knuckles on the inside of the mirror. \"No way in hell am I letting you out, no fucking way,\" Lydia said adamantly. \"MMM, I like it when you talk dirty like that\" Beej said causing Lydia to get even more flustered. \"Alright let's open a negotiation here,\" he said a pair of thick-rimmed glasses appearing on his nose and a scroll of paper in his hand. He unravelled the scroll and cleared his throat as a quill appeared from nowhere and began taking down notes. \"I will not only agree to the two rules you have already proposed but I will also give you a freebie. If you agree to let me out every few days…at least a few times a week, then I promise I will take you to see the netherworld just like you always wanted\". He said with what was looked like a genuinely pleasant smile yet it just looked so snakelike to Lydia it was unnerving. She could see how he could be such a shroud businessman. That smile was so convincing and he made it seem as if he was going out of his way to please her, though she knew it wasn't the case. It was easy to envision him conning some poor sap out of their money and soul to boot. \"Alive!\" Lydia replied \"I want to see the Netherworld while I am still alive,\" Lydia said sternly \"I know all about you and your dodgy back alley deals and I'm not going to fall for it. I'm not letting some loophole mean that I only get to see things once I'm dead. I know what your mind is like and I'm only agreeing to it if you give me your word as the self-proclaimed 'Ghost With The Most' that you will take me there Alive and in good health. Not that your word means all that much her or on the other side\" Lydia said snidely, folding her arms across her chest as she glared at the spirit in the mirror. \"Wow Babes way to hit a guy when he's down,\" he said acting as if he was hurt though inside he secretly loved the fact she was picking up on things. He had underestimated her intelligence and he was interested in just how far he could push her before she would crack. \"Alright you have my word that I will take you to the netherworld alive and in good health but\" he trailed off hoping that he would get to see if she was truly invested in the deal. \"But?\" Lydia asked urgently, falling for the bait hook, line and sinker. \"It takes a lot of power to take a mortal to the netherworld alive let alone in good health. I don't have my powers back to even a quarter of what they used to be. All the time I am in this mirror it's keeping me from rejuvenating my essence, it blocks my powers from doing much at all\" he said conveniently forgetting to mention to Lydia that his powers reached outside the mirror thanks to their little blood transfusion. He wasn't sure quite how far his aura of influence extended but why test it if he had a ticket to freedom practically in the palm of his hand. The only thing that was blocking him was the fact that he was bound to the mirror and he just needed someone to summon him from the real world. \"If I were to take you I would need to be out in the land of the living practically every day. All the time I am in this godforsaken mirror it stops me from being the best of the best. I mean you wouldn't sail a ship if it was stuck at less than half-mast would you?\" he said with a smile before continuing. \"Even when I am in the human world it might take me quite a long time to get back to normal. Then I have to factor in the extra strength I need, so i can protect you. There have only been a few mortals to ever visit the Netherworld and it drained their vitality so quickly that they ended up being permanent residents if you know what I mean.\" He said with a smile that made Lydia shudder. \"So what you're saying is that I have to let you out every day so you can heal and it will take a while to get things going but you will have ti make sure I'm safe when you take me to the other side?\" Lydia asked her voice full of hope and her eyes glimmered intensely as she looked at Beej. \"Of course Babes, can't have anything happening to you\" he replied happily. What he didn't tell Lydia was the fact that he had to keep her safe because of the blood tie. Yes, she was his ticket to freedom but she also meant a hell of a lot more and she needed to be protected. If she died he would be back to square one again, powerless and pathetic. He would sell his right arm before he let that happen again. He couldn't help but get a little flustered as he looked at Lydia through the mirror. He loved the way she was looking at him, there was just something about her that really wound up his spring. He wasn't quite sure what it was, though. After a moment of reflexion, he was struck with the realisation that he had never seen Lydia look happy let alone how she was now smiling at him, not a single ounce of fear or repulsion traced her pale beauty. Even in his little fantasies where he and Lydia did the horizontal monster mash, she wasn't exactly happy about it. It was more as if he had tormented and juiced her so much she had no other choice but to please him. Somehow now he had seen actual joy on the woman's face it didn't seem appealing anymore. Instead, his mind began to wander back to that very dirty place he liked to visit when he was alone, or with company, it didn't really matter to him. But instead of a hypnotised and juiced up Lydia becoming an almost sex doll, he instead envisioned her as she was now. Radiating happiness so that her eyes sparkled with intensity. He imagined her laughing as he pressed his kisses onto her beautiful slender neck. It was a simple image but it was a powerful one and he felt his trousers tightening more than they ever had before. He shifted awkwardly and made a mental note to come back to that particular mental image when he had some alone time. He took a moment to compose himself before he began to talk again \"So if we are agreed on the terms I'm going to need you to sign here\" he said pushing the scroll against the glass. \"Wait I feel as if there should be more rules,\" Lydia said suspiciously but for whatever reason, she was drawing a blank as to what the other rules could be. \"Make it an open-ended contract that we can add new rules to if and when the situation occurs and then you have a deal,\" Lydia said sternly \"You're twisting my arm here Babes but fine, an open deal,\" Beej said tapping the contract to the glass. \"You said you would stop calling me that\" Lydia replied as she reached for the glass. \"Er how's this supposed to work?\" she asked perplexed as all she could feel was the cold smooth surface of the mirror. \"Give us a sec Lyd's\" Beej replied graciously following her request. As she watched the surface of the mirror rippled and the quill began to move in front of the contract, its tip breaking the otherwise smooth mirror's surface pricking Lydia's index finger. \"Son of a bitch\" Lydia exclaimed recoiling from the mirror. \"What the hell was that for?\" she asked as she began to suck on her now bleeding fingertip. \"Sorry babes it has to be signed in blood, you know how these sort of things go\" he said gently almost as if he was apologising for it. \"Well, of course, it has to be in fucking blood, I swear you are just trying to bleed me dry\" \"Am not\" Beej said defensively with a small sulk as he pressed the contract further against the mirror. He couldn't quite get it to go through the mirror's surface so with a sigh he muttered:\"Just put your signature on the mirror, it should transfer\". \"What do you mean it Should transfer. You're telling me you haven't done this before\" Lydia said, her voice going up an octave or two. \"Well, er no,\" Beej said scratching the back of his neck nervously. \"I have done plenty of deals in my time but this is all pretty new. I've never been swallowed by a sandworm and I've never been trapped in a mirror before so yeah you could say it's a learning curve\" he said aggressively before adding \"Just sign the contract\" he said with an exacerbated sigh. \"Fine\" Lydia said sharply as she pressed her bleeding fingertip against the mirror and put her dripping signature on the contract. As soon as she was done the smudge of blood disappeared from the silver surface and stuck itself to the contract. Lydia was hit with the realisation that she had just made a Faustian pact and no doubt it would come back to bite her when she least suspected it but there was nothing she could do about it now. She would have to bide her time and see what happen, hopefully living with the ghost with the most wouldn't be too taxing. She had to admit that things had certainly picked up in the last few days and who knows perhaps she needed the antics of a manic ghost to give some life back into the old house. A few minutes passed in awkward silence, as both parties watched as the contract rolled itself up, tied a ribbon around its now cylindrical self only to disappear into the ether. \"So what now?\" Lydia asked already knowing what his request would be. \"Now it's time for you to say the B word Lyds,\" Beej said with a creepy smile that made Lydia shudder. She knew she didn't have a choice in the matter, not if she wanted to visit the other side someday, but somehow the thought of seeing him in real life was a bit much. The thought of just touching him made her feel sick or was that just nerves? She wasn't sure but she knew everything would change once he was physically in the room with her. \"Come on just say those three little words,\" Beej said encouragingly as he could practically feel her apprehension. Lydia got up from the seat in front of the mirror and stood in the middle of the room. She took a deep breath before she locked eyes with the green glowing pair in the mirror. \"Beetlejuice,\" She said her voice wavering as she said his full name. Years ago she had made a promise to herself that no matter what happened she would never say that name again but here she was saying it. Almost the exact moment the name left her lips the room began to darken as if it the sun had been blocked out. It made her more than nervous and her anxiety was higher than anything she had experienced before but she knew she had to continue. \"Beetlejuice\" she uttered and she could hear a rumbling scratching noise that she could have sworn was coming from inside the walls but she carried on. She took another deep cleansing, calming breath before she uttered the last and final word. \"Beetlejuice,\" she said with trepidation as the rumbling noise got louder. The window burst open and lightning seemed to consume the whole room as it hit the mirror. The silver surface warped and bubbled as if it had turned into molten liquid. The lightning flashed once more and a deep, manic and yet familiar cackling filled the room. The flash of lightning was so bright Lydia had to close her eyes, shielding them from the burst of light. She slowly opened her eyes again and the lighting situation seemed to be back to normal. It was daytime and the low winter sun was shining brightly outside despite the cold. Lydia Looked at the mirror which luckily hadn't sustained any damaged and looked the same as when she had first unearthed it. She looked around expecting to see the ghost with most breathing down her neck. Instead, he was sprawled across her bed in what on anyone else would be considered a seductive pose. He was there in the flesh (so to speak) in his classic black and white suit which was discoloured from grime and yellowing in places such as the pockets. One pocket looked as if it had at one time contained a yellow slime which had now congealed to a crusty splatter. This lead Lydia to wonder just what on earth he kept in his pockets. She remembered him keeping snakes and severed fingers in his so-called 'finery'. Which didn't give her much hope for what he kept in his skivvies. His Skin was its normal ashen grey with patches of mottled green mould that dotted his mouth and hairline. He had a layer of quite evident stubble on his chin, neck and around his mouth as if he had recently shaved off a beard. His eyes were sunken into their sockets which themselves looked bruised and battered to the point they almost looked black. His hair looked exactly like it had done the last time they met. It was thinning badly having receded quite far back making his large forehead look even larger. It stuck up like he had just received a bad electric shock and his hair colour what might once have been called a dirty blonde was now mainly a greenish grey which only helped it to look more ratty. He hadn't changed a bit since Lydia had last seen him, but why should he when he was a ghost. Beetlejuice was happy enjoying the feeling of the soft blanket and the gentle give of the mattress underneath him. It was a welcome relief after so many months of miserable nothingness. The bed smelt strange but in a very good way that he couldn't quite put his finger on. He had expected it to smell of sweat, dirt and body odour like his bed usually did but he was pleasantly surprised when he breathed in the smell that lingered in the blankets. It was like dark chocolate with a hint of caramel and the slightest touch of Cinnamon in there was a musty papery scent that reminded him of old books. He wasn't sure why it smelt this way if it was how Lydia smelt naturally or if it was perfume but her certainly liked it. He breathed in the intoxicating smell of the woman in front of him. It was certainly something to tick off his list, now if he could only find out what Lydia felt like then his night would be complete. \"Care to join me Babes\" Beej practically purred as he lay across the bedspread. \"Get off of my bed right now\" Lydia ordered practically shaking in anger. How dare he defile her property like that especially something as intimate as her bed. She knew she would have to change the blanket if not the whole bed along with spritzing the living daylight out of the mattress to get rid of the Ghosts stink. Though he was across the room she could smell him quite well, he smelt of mould, rot and general uncleanliness. Lydia was no neat freak but she hated the thought of that smell forever lingering around her house. \"Ok rule one, my bed is off limits. I don't care what excuses you come up with you are not to go near my bed, you got it?\" Lydia practically barked at her new 'roommate' \"If you want to go lie down you can have the guest room\" she added briskly. \"Jeeze Lyds learn to lighten up a little. I haven't had real furniture in years, it's just nice to find something soft. There was nothing in that mirror, not a chair, not a bed, nothing but emptiness. I mean I have slept rough before but that place was like sleeping on shards of glass\" he said floating over to Lydia. He was still in a reclined position that looked pretty odd to Lydia. The Maitland's had tried their best to feel as human as possible so they stayed away from things such as floating in the middle of the air so Lydia was a little unnerved by the floating. \"Well you were living IN something glass, what did you expect\" Lydia retorted before she let out an exasperated sigh. \"You know what I'm going downstairs to unwind, seeing that I can't do it here,\" she said with a slight sneer. \"I know you're going to do it anyway so feel free to explore the place. I've decorated since you were last here so it's not suburbia meets Delia chic. If you need me I will be watching a movie and thinking of all the ways I can decapitate a ghost\" Lydia said with a smirk before left the room. As she passed Beetlejuice she could feel the cold radiating from him and for some reason she found it oddly comforting. She wasn't sure why but perhaps it was because it meant he really was dead. After all, he looked and smelt so real, it was odd to compare him to The Maitland's but they were her only frame of reference. It was easy for her to see that Adam and Barbara were ghosts as they had a slightly transparent aura around them that made them look somehow less solid. Whenever they moved it was as if a tiny piece of them lingered for a moment like a shadow before it caught back up with them. Perhaps it was because the pair were both so new to the ghost business but Lydia never had any doubt that they were both ghosts, Beetlejuice however, didn't have this quality about him He looked solid as a brick wall even while floating through thin air. It was something she would have to ask him about another time but right now the bottle of wine in the fridge was calling her name like a siren's call and she didn't have the energy to fight it.[Chapter 10] Hello my lovelies, I have updated this chapter and revamped the content. I will be similarly revising all the chapters of my story and bringing them up to my current standard. Thank you for sticking with me. I would also like to thank GhostlyHaunting who has helped bring things to my attention and supported me and my work. Thanks love i appreciate it so much. Any reviews on the new chapter will be greatly appreciated. Lydia paced around the kitchen for a while lost in the sea of thoughts. She knew she needed to do something, something normal, something banal and every day. Sure she had made a pact with someone who could quite literally be a demon for all she knew but that didn't mean that her life had to change. She would go on as normal, she would go to her photo shoots and live her life how she wanted no matter what happened. She stopped her pacing and opened the fridge only to stare listlessly into the depths of the white box. She knew she wanted something that would take the edge off everything she was feeling. Her eyes drifted across the scant scene inside and she fixed her eyes on a bottle of rosé. She grabbed the bottle. The screw top gave an unsettling fizzing noise as she opened. To be on the safe side Lydia gave the pink liquid a good sniff. She suspected that the wine was either on the turn or had already gone bad. It smelt a little funky but she didn't mind quite so much, as long as it was palatable, she would happily give it a go. It wasn't until she took a sip from the bottle that she deeply regretted opening it. A sour, almost bitter taste fizzled across her tongue like an electric eel of mould. She instantly spat the feted liquid into the sink. She looked more carefully at the bottle now and as she turned it in the light. She could see tiny cloudy particles that had drifted up to the surface of the wine. It looked like they had been hiding, unseen at the bottom of the bottle and she had just disturbed them by taking her ill-advised sip. Feeling slightly sick at her discovery and wanting nothing more than to wash the taste out of her mouth. Lydia quickly turned on tap and washed out the bottle and its rotten contents down the sink. She shuddered to herself as she washed the pink, frothing liquid go down the drain. Wine, was definitely off the menu for today. She picked up a six-pack of beer. As they were fully sealed they were the safer option. Her slim fingers slid between the cans with ease. She quickly liberated the libations them from their cold prison and brought them through to the living room. She set the sixer down onto her coffee table. Tearing one away from its siblings, as she opened it and took a large refreshing gulp. It was a thousand times better than what remained of the wine. Even better it got rid of the nasty taste that lingered in her mouth. She set her open beer down on her coffee table before, she flicked on the tv. She began to mindlessly surf through the channels but honestly, she didn't really know what she was looking for. Instead of watching the television and whatever station it was on. She found her gaze lingering at the tv's reflection in the shining top of the coffee table. It was something of a unique item, truly a one of a kind. For starters, It base was an unusual shape. It wasn't the simple and predictable rectangle most tables sported. This one had a wooden base that started out in the formulaic rectangle. Though as you progressed further up the body its form narrowed, so that the two sides sat at an angle, almost leaning against each other. The very tip of the shape was topped off by a small horizontal cap, making it look like a coffin. It was, in fact, an old school coffin that Lydia had altered into a coffee table. She had done so by taking off the normal, hinged lid that would usually provide cover and modesty for the deceased and she attached a glass top. The interior of the coffin looked stylish, as it was draped with a rich, crushed red velvet she had lovingly stitched into the frame. She had originally bought it to use for a photo shoot years ago. But somehow, just like all the other unusual items she happened upon, she ended up keeping it. Lydia continued to sip on the amber nectar. She revelled in the slight feeling of a fuzzy, warm buzz that accompanied drinking on an empty stomach. Meanwhile, Beetlejuice decided to make the most of the time he had 'on the outside'. He would take Lydia up on her suggestion to explore the place. It was true, things really had changed since he had last been there. He floated into the master bedroom. Where he was astounded to see the absence of floral wallpaper. Instead, the room had deep purple walls and a deeply rooted gothic feel. In truth, it looked like a room stolen from the Addams Family's mansion. He could see it easily being turned into a sex dungeon and he only hoped he would be around to see that come to fruition. He passed a door which had a sign stating \"Dark Room\". He decided he would check that particular one out another time. As far as he was concerned he had all the time in the world, so why rush? He wanted to leave a little something for him to discover later on. He continued to float down the empty hallways and eventually down the stairs. The sound of the tv pulling on him like a string on a very old wooden toy. When was the last time he had watched tv? He couldn't remember it seemed like forever. Even if it was just boring mortal stuff, it would be the break he needed. He would happily sit the sets warm glow as it provided pure unadulterated, mindlessness. As he drifted towards the beckoning sounds he came across the door what he presumed must be the living room. But he couldn't help but notice the placard on the door than named it the 'Living-Dead Room'. \"Cute\" he muttered to himself with a chuckle. It had definitely peaked his interest, so with that, he pushed forward. e swinging door let out a squeaking moan of discontent, which he thought was quite apt. In front of him was what looked like a transplanted slice of a cemetery. Which took up the whole left side of the room. Fake gravestones stuck out of the floor, which was incidentally covered in faux grass and what looked like wildflowers he could have even sworn he had spotted patched of moss. Why the hell would anyone want a graveyard in their house? he wondered to himself. He could see what he presumed was a small fog generator in one corner along with what looked like a body. If he was in the habit of breathing, his breath would have hitched in his throat at the sight. He gingerly floated towards the body and noticed two things. One; the thick layers of plastic covering the body so all you could see was the basic shape of what he guessed was a woman. The one feature that stuck out from the plastic bags was a shock of grey hair. He would have guessed that it would have reached the middle of the woman's back normally. But the pieces that had broken free from the bad were matted with mud, twigs and other pieces of unknown debris. These things had darkened the hair giving it an uneven, mottled grey colour. The other thing that stood out to him was a strange syringe-like object that had been sitting almost underneath the body. The core of the thing was shaped almost like a tattoo gun. It even had a trigger, which just added credence to his theory. There was a very sharp looking needle on one end but it was longer and thicker than anything he has seen used before. The oddity of the machine lay at the back of it back of it. Behind the top of the trigger sitting at the back end of the gun was some sort of vial of mysterious blue liquid that glowed eerily. It fitted smoothly into the gun almost like a battery or cartridge. He couldn't help but wonder just what this strange device did. Beej floated forward a little, his interest was well and truly peaked. Could his little Lydia be a murderer? He reckoned that she would make an excellent killer. The black widow type if he was lucky. As he just so happened to be a ghost he would be immune to any homicidal tendencies the woman had. No matter what way he sliced it. He ended up with all the sex and none of the bitter aftertaste of death, It was a win-win situation. He knelt down next to the body, his knees making contact with the synthetic grass as he began his examination. Sure enough, it was body shape but he couldn't see much detail. Though the plastic covering was translucent in nature. There were so many layers stretched over the body, that the overall covering had become was almost completely opaque. He moved the plastic covering slightly around the woman's head only to have her hair come tumbling down into his hands. The unmatted portions were surprisingly soft, not silky smooth the way human hair normally was. In fact, it didn't feel like real hair at all he realised as he caressed it lightly. As he looked closer he realised that it was made of something like wool or yarn which had been brushed and stretched to make it look like hair. He moved the covering, even more, uncovering more of the body. Confusion clouded his mind when he was confronted with the dead, painted on eyes of a mannequin. He was a little unnerved but he was so focused in on what he was looking at that he almost missed the voice speaking to him \"Oi you, leave it alone will you,\" Lydia demanded, only to be very much ignored by the ghost. \"You better not ruin that, I spent ages making that bloody thing\". She threatened. The unspoken warning and overall tone or her voice was enough to bring beetlejuice out of his trance-like state. \"Wait, you made this?\" he asked both amused and oddly impressed at the same time. \"Yeah, it's for a photo shoot tomorrow,\" she informed him with a satisfied smile. She was quite happy that he had shown enough concerned to investigate a possible dead body lying in her living room. At least that was some kind of indication that her creation was, more or less realistic looking. Beej picked up the strange, gun-like contraption turning it over in his hands. He shot Lydia a questioning look as he still couldn't figure it out. \"It's a Zydrate gun\" Lydia stated. Through the look of confusion on her companion's face only seemed to deepen at the added information. \"It's a prop for a movie. It's supposed to be a sort of drug gun\" Lydia explained. \"We are doing a film inspired shoot tomorrow and the prop warehouse got partially ruined by flood water. That's what happens when you have a prop house near a river. We had a particularly heavy storm and the Winter River burst its banks. It doesn't help that they put quite a few of the pieces I needed down in the basement, which is still sitting in about 3 to six inches of murk water\" she clarified before continuing with her explanation. \"So, I have to make my own props for a while. At least until they get things sorted. Luckily a lot of the heavy molds and props were on a different floor.\" she added with a smile. It couldn't have been a lot worse and she liked the challenge of making her own props. \"You're really into this stuff aren't you?\" Beej asked with a deep chuckle that reverberated within his throat. He enjoyed the passion in her eyes as she explained everything. Honestly, it was refreshing to see her like this. \"Of course\" Lydia stated sharply before her tone softened. \"What's the point in working if you don't enjoy what you are doing. I can't see myself doing something if I can't have a little bit of fun with it. Otherwise, it's just soul-crushing and that's no way to live\" she replied as she took another sip of her beer. \"Hey, do you fancy a beer?\" Lydia asked with an eager smile as she tore a second can away from the sixer, without waiting for the reply. \"I thought you would never ask\" Beetlejuice replied gratefully, a genuinely friendly grin spread across his face as he got back up and walked over to the sofa. It amused Lydia that he was actually walking instead of floating, perhaps it was because it made him look a little more human. She wasn't exactly sure why, but she was oddly happy he would be joining her. Perhaps it was because she had been stuck on her own for so long. The slightest hint of company (no matter how bad that company might be), was somewhat soothing to her. \"What the hell is this?\" Beej asked having flopped down on the sofa next to Lydia. He was now eyeing his beer with suspicion. The gaunt, eyeless orbs of a sugar skull, stared back at him from the side of the can. Beads of condensation ran down the forehead of the beautifully drawn skull, making it look as if it was sweating. \"Oh it's rum-infused beer\" Lydia replied taking a large gulp of the amber liquid. \"It's twice as alcoholic and it's a surprisingly good pairing,\" Lydia added with a smile. The rum gave the beer a beautifully smooth body, with a sweet almost buttery finish. There was a delightful twist of citrus in there that lingered on the tongue. She watched Beej eagerly, entertained by his apprehension. \"What, scared it might be too much for you?\" Lydia teased, knowing he wouldn't back down from a challenge like that \"Oh you're on little Miss,\" He said with a demonic grin as he opened the can which made a comical little fizz. He quickly downed half of the can without really tasting it. Only to let out a burp so loud Lydia was certain that it made the windows shake. \"So, what do you think of it then?\" Lydia inquired unable to keep the smile away from her lips. \"I've had worse,\" Beej replied stoically. Not willing to admit that he actually enjoyed her choice in beverages. \"So what are we watching?\" he asked relaxing back into the sofa, as he put his feet up on the glass coffee table. \"Oi feet off!\" Lydia demanded angrily, throwing a pillow at Beej which almost made him spill his beer. \"What's the big deal it's just…\" He trailed off as he noticed that the coffee table was an actual coffin, topped with glass. \"Alright I'll admit it, that's pretty cool\" he replied with an almost warm smile. He leant forward and buffed away the muddy shoe imprint with his sleeve. \"So what's the story behind it then?\" he asked intrigued. The more he found out about Lydia the more interested he became, she was much more than the depressed goth chick he had met so many years ago. \"Well, I rented it from a company years ago just for a photo shoot. They seemed to be eager to get rid of it and i got it at one hell of a discount rate. Everyone i talked to about it just assumed it was because it was haunted\" she scoffed. \"I just thought it was taking up valuable room in their prop-house, or something like that. I mean you can fit a body in it after all and the woods fairly thick on to of that\" she commented taking another sip of her beer. \"Anyway by the time I went to return it, the place had closed. Turns out the head of the company had been skimming money from the corporate accounts. Add that with the recession and it's bye bye prop shop. So, I realise I'm now stuck with the thing. It's not a big deal though because I know a number of clients that would love to use in their photo shoot. So,i knew i could use it, that wasn't the issue\". She paused to take a long sip of her beer. \"I just don't have the room to have a whole coffin lying around. With the lid on, they take up a hella lot of room. So, I decided to take it apart and use it as a coffee table, you have to admit it's a conversation starter,\" she said with a very smug grin. He enjoyed her little story immensely and he actually found talking to her to be just a little too natural. He felt like he should feel more resistance but he was enjoying finding out more about her. \"Do you still have the top of it by any chance?\" Beej asked in the most nonchalant way he could muster. \"Yes,\" Lydia affirmed suspiciously. \"I will be attaching it tomorrow for a photo shoot. Why, what do you want with it?\" she asked cautiously. She had a sinking feeling he would want to do something with her prized possession. \"Well, you don't have anywhere for me to sleep\". Beej hinted with a smile that managed to turn from pleasant to predatory, in point five of a second. \"Unless of course, I can share your bed with you,\" he said licking the small droplets of beer from his lips as he stared at Lydia. \"After all, every girl needs a big strong ghost to keep them nice and cold at night,\" he leered as he leaned in closer to Lydia, breaking her bubble of personal space. She stiffened as she felt his cold breath prickle the skin on the side her neck. It made her feel frozen all over, in a way that was oddly pleasant. \"And unlike other ghosts, i have something big and hard to keep you entertained all night long\" Beej whispered in her ear his voice turning husky and smooth. He enjoyed the way her breath caught in her throat and the delightful blush that betrayed her as it made its way from her cheeks down to her neck. \"They don't call me 'The Ghost with the Most' for nothing babes\" he whispered teasingly. He was so close that he could feel the heat coming off her in small waves. He could physically feel the tingle of her flush as it heated the air around her, warming his old bones ever so slightly. His teeth were no more than an inch away from her ear. He could easily plaster kisses against her neck or even bite her a little. Though perhaps he could start with a simple nibble her earlobe? He couldn't help but wonder which one would get her worked up more. Which one would be the catalyst to get her to jump his bones. \"Not that you will be doing much sleeping. Not when that delicious body of yours is all hot and wet in all the best places\" he whispered shamelessly. Being so close he could hear the blood rushing through her veins. He could easily hear how her heart rate had spiked and he couldn't help but let out a low rumbling chuckle, that reverberated along every inch of her throat. Lydia let out the tiniest squeak of surprise, but instantly suppressed it as much as she could. Her actions, however, were pointless as he had already heard it. A cocky smile spread across his face he had her cornered now and she knew it. \"So what do you say Babes?\" he questioned roughly. Before she had the change to even think of an answer He placed the most chaste kiss against her neck. His lips barely touched her skin and they were there for only a second or two. Yet, they left a cold imprint against her skin that truly was a ghost of a kiss. An uncontrollable shudder to make its way down Lydia's spine as a silent reply. \"You can have it\" Lydia insisted quietly. She tried to ignore the racing of her heart, or the icy kiss that had turned her neck into a tingling mess. The experience and the flesh of her neck were of both hot and cold at the same time. She wasn't sure what had just happened. Had it been a kiss? If so it was unlike any other kiss she had felt before. It was so light that she was half convinced she had imagined it. She knew Beej would enjoy teasing her and flirting with her because he was a major perv. But she hadn't expected anything quite like this. The man was hardly captain subtle. As for tact or courteousness, they were nonexistent. So she pretty much thought that any kiss from him would be a sloppy, wet affair that would be most unpleasant. But this had been so soft, so gentle. Two words that would normally be far from her mind whenever she pictured Beetlejuice. \"What was that babes, I can have you?\" he alluded with the most predatory, serpentine smile that was physically possible without actually turning into a snake. \"No, you can have the coffin,\" Lydia said sternly. She tried her hardest not to falter and just ignore his breath and the feeling of lingering cold against her neck. \"After the photo shoot tomorrow, it will have the lid back on it and it's as good as yours. Lydia said as assertively as she could manage. In the moment, she completely forgot that there was in fact, a perfectly good guest bedroom he could use. \"Such a shame, I was looking forward to showing you a good time,\" Beej said his forked tongue coming out to tickle her ear wetly. \"Eww!\" Lydia exclaimed shooting back to the other end of the sofa as quickly as she should. He had taken things too far and they both knew it. Her following eruption of anger was natural and very warranted. She felt kind of violated at the feeling of his tongue in her ear. \"You do that again and I will fucking kill you\" Lydia shouted throwing the remote control at Beej as hard as she could. Beej burst into howling laughter at 'his' end of the sofa, revelling in the reaction he had managed to get out of the girl. \"Babes I'm already dead, what are you going to do shoot me?\" he guffawed loudly. Lydia got up like a shot and she shook her head while staring daggers at the ghost. Less to tell him off am more in an effort to try and remove the uncomfortable feeling of swimmer's ear. All the while she mumbled something about exorcism under her breath. All before she disappeared into the bathroom in desperate need for some cotton swabs. Beej chuckled darkly to himself as he cracked his knuckles before he picked up the remote. \"It's show time\" he muttered to himself as he made a flicking motion towards the tv. The large flat screen sat warped, its clean edges becoming askew. Each corner of the black screen jutted out at a strange angle only to curl up into a spiral. The very top of the tv, where the company logo had once been, now warped into the head of an eyeless bat. It's little fangs hanging down a little over the actual screen, the top corners of the screen curved up into half spirals which made the whole tv look like wings for the great bat. The tv moaned and hissed awfully, as it was twisted and finally sunk into the bat shape which had become its new housing. From upstairs Lydia could hear the unearthly noise and she shot downstairs as soon as she had dried and thoroughly disinfected her ear. \"What the hell did you do to my TV?\" Lydia bellowed as she came into the room to see a strange bat-like creature, cradling her television. \"Nothing much Lyds\" Beetlejuice said with a smile \"There was nothing good on so, I thought I would see if I could get any netherworld channels\" he explained as if it was the most normal thing in the world. \"So you possessed the tv because nothing was on. Oh, yeah, that's really logical,\" Lydia replied sarcastically, slipping down on the opposite side of the sofa, which she now decided was 'her' side of the sofa. \"I didn't possess it,\" Beej said shortly. \"Something needs to be alive for you to possess it. So, unless your TV is sentient, then it's less possession and more electromagnetic interference,\" Beej said cracking her a genuinely pleasant smile. He was keen to show off his prowess to Lydia, he already knew he could get under her skin but for some reason that wasn't enough, he needed to do more. \"Ok, care to explain that one?\" Lydia asked angrily, she still didn't really want to talk to him. She would much prefer to just say his name and make him vanish back into the mirror. But they had to have some sort of truce sooner or later. If she wanted to have any semblance of a normal life, she would have to at least try to make it stick. So starting out with just watching tv together was a plan. Besides she had managed to grab a very sharp pair of nail scissors and tuck them into her pocket before she had left the bathroom. Just in case he decided to try things on again. She half hoped she would be able to chop off that damned snake tongue of his but she reckoned he knew he had crossed the line. \"Have you ever got one of those phone calls where there is just static?\" he asked to which Lydia nodded. \"Well that's the most simple case but ghosts can control electromagnetics hence why the lights flickering, the radio turning on and all that kind of stuff is at the heart of any cheesy horror film. It's basic haunting 101 stuff and it happens on the internet too. I would say 9 times out of 10 the person you're talking to in a chat room is actually the living impaired\" Beej announced in a very matter of fact way. \"So, that explains all the creepers I have acquired online. You have been trolling me haven't you?\" Lydia inquired. She had more than a sneaky suspicion that her hunch was true. Beetlejuice didn't even try to deny it, hell he didn't even try to make a case for himself instead he ignored her question entirely. Instead, he simply replies \"Shhh it's on!\" as he turned up the volume to the very odd looking tv. A strange looking creature that Lydia could only describe as Ghoulish popped up on screen. It looked like the crypt keeper mixed with some ex Hollywood star that Lydia couldn't quite remember. The ghoul was dressed in the old and torn remains of what had once been a tuxedo. Somehow he seemed to look almost presentable and suave. Despite slithers of his decaying flesh being as prominent as his tattered wardrobe. \"And tonight on the Netherworlds Next Top Model\" the Ghoul announced before the shows flashy title screen began to play. \"We are down to our last two models. Who will be eliminated tonight and who will win our coveted prize and walk away with the title of Netherworld's Next Top Model!\" the ghoul half sang his voice full of excitement. Lydia raised a critical eyebrow. \"Seriously this is what we are watching?\" Lydia asked angrily. \"If I wanted to watch drivel like this it could have stayed on mortal tv\" Lydia stated before adding. \"It paints such a bad picture of what it's like to be a model and makes it look so easy,\" She said softly hoping he wouldn't pick up on her bitching. \"Well, of course, it's easy all they have to do is stand there looking pretty while someone shoots them,\" Beej said matter of factly. \"I'm not going to watch this with you if you honestly think that,\" Lydia retorted angrily. \"I'm a photographer. Things like this are my bread and butter. I have seen too many girls throw away their lives because of shows like this. They believe if they want it enough. If they are sassy enough then they can win their way into the industry. They just think its all partying and exotic locations. They think its clear skies it's plain sailing after that. Every session is a struggle, especially with the girls I work with. They have had awful lives and they were brainwashed into thinking they had hit it big because of one show or one nice photo\" Lydia said before she trailed off into silence. \"Damn babes you really are passionate about this aren't you. It's not just a job to you is it?\" he asked already knowing the answer. \"It's everything to me and I like to take the pressure of the girls a little bit, hence why I shoot here. Not some cold studio, where everyone is bitching at each other and trying to sabotage things. The models I shoot are beautiful but they have to have something special about them. Anyone can make a pretty picture but it's the model that really sells it. It's a symbiotic relationship between photographer and model. It just helps a little more that I'm also the director so there are less conflicting views\" Lydia said as she watched the tv show begin. A few minutes of silence followed as the pair watched the show unfold before their eyes. \"You can stay for tomorrow's photo shoot if you want,\" she added quietly to Beetlejuice, without really looking at him. \"Just try not to get in the way and don't harass my girls,\" Lydia implored with a pleading smile. \"You won't forget this Lyd's I promise you I'll be on my best behaviour cross my heart\". He drew an exaggerated X over his heart, which was now sitting in his hand. The organ looked old and shrivelled. It was a dark ashen grey and the still visible arteries were more of a deep black. The whole thing looked as if it had an aura of magic or something similar around it. Though quite what that aura was remained a mystery, but it was defiantly interesting. \"Put that thing away, before i change my mind\" Lydia ordered with a hint of a smirk playing in the corners of her mouth. With a devious smile and a simple flick of his wrist and the shrivelled heart disappeared from Beej's hand and back to whatever bizarre dimension it had originated from. Lydia was actually, somewhat surprised he had a heart at all. But it did add a little proof to her theory that he had actually once been human. It might have been a long time ago, but he had been human. During her time after the wedding, under Juno's careful tutorage, she had heard many a rumour. Word on the netherworld grapevine was that Beetlejuice was, in fact, some sort of demon and therefore had never been human. Considering the lengthy list of past misdeeds and crimes Juno kept a record of in his file. It was little wonder people believed him to be a demon. Who else could get away with that much without being sent to the lost soul's room? Also who else in the netherworld had the amount of strange power he had? The answer, no one. It was probably easier to rationalise him away as being a demon. Some abnormality, that gets away with murder because of his powers. Rather than admitting that the whole afterlife judicial system was in fact broken. Both parties looked back to the tv as the Ghoul seemed to be in deep conversation with two models. Lydia blinked and rubbed her eyes. \"Am I seeing this right?\" she asked as there were two mannequins practising their posing in a full-length mirror. \"Yep, what did you think it would be real models?\" Beej asked astonished before he added. \"Rule one about the netherworld, nothing is as it seems and yes that includes tv\" he said with a smile. \"If it was actual models every undead starlet or ex-playboy bunny would want in on it. It would be chaos, do you know how many dead film stars there just floating around the nether?\" he asked with a chuckle. \"So we have haunted or possessed mannequins instead. The rule is they can't just be possessed by a ghost, it would be way too easy that way. The models have to be alive by other means. So it's mainly curses and things like that. Every now and then it's a demon that gets trapped and those little firecrackers make amazing television\" Beej explained. \"I see your point,\" Lydia giggled, the whole premise was so bizarre to Lydia she couldn't help but enjoy it. \"Popcorn?\" Beej asked a box of popcorn appearing in his hand. Without really thinking about it Lydia reached a hand towards the box. It was only as her fingertips reached the rim of the box that she saw something shiny and greasy looking moving among the popped kernels. \"That depends, what flavour is it?\" Lydia enquired nervously. Bringing her hand back from the strange slimy topping mixed in with the popcorn. \"Buttered Beetle,\" Beej replied flatly putting one of said beetle into his mouth with an unnerving crunch. \"You know what, I'm fine with just the beer thanks\". Lydia said, tearing her eyes away from the disgusting popcorn and fixed it instead on the watch for a while in silence before Lydia's inner photographer took the helm. \"These models can't pose for shit. I wouldn't hire them, everything about them is just too wooden\" Lydia critiqued with a smirk at her unintentional pun. She took a celebratory gulp of her beer, quickly finishing the can before she moved onto a new one. \"Just wait for the good parts Lydia,\" Beej said flicking his hand to make the program speed up and then stop at what was clearly the makeovers section of the show. \"See, makeovers are always good,\" he stated smugly as the tv zoomed in on two of the models. Lydia didn't seem to see all that much difference between the two presented models. One of the models didn't actually have a face whereas the other one did, but she was pleasantly surprised when the makeovers began. The Ghoul guest host began to address the model who already had a face. \"Now you Crustal, everyone knows you have this 'miss tough' thing going for you. But to extend your makeover we will be giving you a killer weave, I hope you can handle it\" . The Ghoul said to which the Model named Crustal replied tearfully with \"I promise i will make it work\" . The fashion team of zombie hair technicians then began to stitch track after track of hair into the mannequin's head. All the while battling against sets of razor sharp teeth that seemed to live inside the hair. The ghoul then addressed the second model named Yetchy, who was quite literally a blank canvas. She was made of a cloth material instead of plastic like Crustal. \"And you Yetchy, you are so sweet and so unique. We are going to make you a painted doll,\" the presenter said dramatically as the model Yetchy shrieked with delight. Though were the sounds were coming from exactly was unknown, as she didn't have a mouth or even lips. The team of makeup artists began to draw a face on the cloth model, it looked reasonably convincing. It was no porcelain masterpiece but it had a haunting and unnerving quality about it. As they watched the painted face began to take on life an animation. Yetchy blinked her drawn on, eyes softly and opened her newly painted lips revealing her new, white cotton throat. \"Boring!\" Lydia announced as the two models bitched to the video diary cameras. Crustal breaking down into tears as she confessed that she hated her new weave as it has been trying to digest her while she slept. Beej angrily skipped that section of the show with a flick of his wrist. The tv sped up to a more interesting part. \"Here you go the challenges. If you can find better on mortal tv then I...\" He paused to think of a challenge \"Then I will have a bath!\" he announced proudly. \"Oh you're on\" Lydia exclaimed excitedly before adding. \"If I win you have a bath. So if you win..?\" She trailed off. \"If I win, then you have to kiss me!\" he said with a reptilian smile that made Lydia's stomach flip for some reason. \"Fine, a deal's a deal,\" she said sitting forward in her seat as the challenges began. The models stood perfectly still in a dark room full of boxes, a chest or two were scattered among the mountain of crates contained in the room. A light flickered closer, as the door opened. A solitary human man equipped with a lantern gingerly walked into the room. The guy was oddly short given his overall build. Though one of the things that really stood out about the guy was his hair. It was short and black, yet the front part of it was dyed bright pink. He looked oddly familiar, but she couldn't quite place him. The man adjusted his glasses as he seemed to be talking to himself. \"God no not mannequins, I can't remember what the name of this fear is but I hate them and ventriloquists dolls. Ewww why are you are so creepy?\" he said to himself as he cautiously moved forward. He seemed to notice Crustal and he turned to face her. He began to creep into the room, never taking his eyes off her. \"Helloooo, baaaayby ! How YOU doin'?\" He leered in an excited and loud voice, which showed an edge of fear. As he meandered around the model and towards a stack of boxes. \"Now all I have to get is some oil, please be oil!\" He exclaimed. \"I NEED LIGHT!\" He announced as he went to pick up the jar on the floor. \"LAUDANUM? what the frickety frack! Why would I need that?\" He moaned as he turned around the models moved in unison making a blockade around him. \"Oh, my fuck!\" he exclaimed as his light went out. \"No, no, no\" he whimpered as Crustal began to make a low rumbling noise. \"No, oh no you don't, you sassy sue\" the pink-haired man replied before he dashed across the room, diving behind a conveniently located box. He peeked out from behind the box to see Crustal's new weave flapping like wings against her head as the teeth became evident gnashing against her plastic skull. The model turned and lunged towards the cowering man, screaming like a banshee as she did. \"Dear God no\" the man exclaimed as he dived back behind his box of safety. \"I fucking hate mannequins\" he exclaimed through gritted teeth. A solitary tear dripped its way down Crustal's motionless face in a silent reply. Beej paused the tv his face a picture of pure smugness. \"that's just one, there's another model to go and I think we both know which way this is going,\" He said with the biggest smirk possible. \"So, I think someone owes me something,\" he gloated giving Lydia a cheeky grin as he slipped over to her side of the sofa. Arms outstretched, ready to drag her to him so he could give her a good smooch. \"That's up for debate. I need to show you something on the laptop, I would say that we are at most even\". Lydia said with a grin as things had finally clicked in her brain. She recognized the pink haired victim from the show and she felt the need to prove her case.[Chapter 11] Evening friends, this is another updated chapter, i will be continuing to revise and update my chapters and this is just one of them. I hope you enjoy it. Any reviews for it will be greatly appreciated and thank you for sticking with me. This is so strange, Lydia thought to herself as she walked back into the living dead room. A few days ago, she had been terrified about Beetlejuice's return. Then petrified about the fact that he basically owned her. Things got worse when she realised there wasn't anything she could do. Yet when she attempted to think back on it, it felt almost like a distant dream. It must be that blood bond thing She thought to herself. She shook her head a little in the hopes that it would cement her objections in deeper, so they would stay in her mind. Is that why things feel so... She paused for a moment to try and dredge up the right words to describe what it was she was feeling exactly. The words frustratingly felt just an inch out of her reach, so in the end, she settled for the word Comfortable . It didn't fit quite right but it was the closest she knew she would get for a while. But the feeling that she couldn't quite sum up the situation, no matter how hard she tried. Left something of a bad taste in her mouth. Things were definitely a stark contrast to how they had been a day ago. It felt incredibly surreal to Lydia. Just knowing that she had the dreaded Ghost with the Most in a way, living with her. But he wasn't as bad as she remembered. Yes, he was still a disgusting, loathsome and deeply perverted creature. But somehow he seemed a little less repugnant that she remembered. She was beginning to appreciate his unique charm that no doubt was thanks to his many years as a conman. She wasn't sure why she found him more appealing. But, a voice in her head, seemed to be under the impression that it was simply a result of the blood magic, altering her judgement. Yet, she wasn't really sure if that was the reason. Deep down she had a feeling that there was something else at play which was causing the truce and the almost friendly back and forth between the pair. She knew IT was the reason she felt compelled to talk to the ghost and it was motivated by much more than mere loneliness. Cradling her laptop almost lovingly in her arms, Lydia quickly powered on the device as she strolled back into the room. She quickly turned the machine towards the ghost who had, for once been waiting patiently for her return. She couldn't help but smile at the look of the amusement and slight awe she found etched on Beetlejuice's face. He seemed more than a little uneasy about the new piece of tech. \"I thought you knew what the internet was?\" Lydia asked with mock confusion. \"You know seeing that you're so well versed with netherworld chat sites and such\" she continued with her little jibe. \"Well yeah I did, didn't I?\" he flustered, stopping for a moment to glance at the screen. What he saw before him made no sense. The screen was so thin and the machine was so compact. He wondered where the rest of the thing was. The word 'wireless' popped into his head so he figured that must be the reason. Though he wasn't quite sure what wireless actually meant, realistically. To him, it was a buzzword he had seen being thrown around a few dozen times and he decided that it would explain the sleekness of Lydia's computer. He figured she had a normal big computer, just like he was used to. He figured she had liberated a part of it and through the magic of wireless-ness she was able to bring part of it to show him. It was certainly a stark contrast between the old, antiquated system he was used to. Hell, what he used was only a few dozen steps more advanced than a digital telegraph machine. The motto in the netherworld was along the lines of \"Your dead, so quit complaining and make the best of things\" He didn't even have a CRT screen just a hulking computer tower. It did the job he needed it to do, more or less. So he never expected for the experience to be so different in the human world. \"Well, it's very different on the other side. You just sit in front of a big computer and you kind of merge with it\" he said punching his ghostly hand through Lydia's laptop screen. \"Don't do that again\" Lydia scolded without missing a beat. \"Er sorry\" Beej replied itching the back of his neck almost nervously before he continued. \"There isn't a screen or anything like that. But, the conversation is sort of projected in the air. You don't have to type or anything. You just think of what you want to say and it's added to the conversation. Some of the newer ghosts have taken to using an old typewriter keyboard. I know they also incorporate it into the session by merging with it too. Apparently, it gives you more of the sensation of physically typing without actually typing. I never really understood why until now\". He explained, taking a step towards the laptop as he admired the screen. He had never really had the chance to admire a piece of modern machinery. It was a mystery to him, but he was interested to find out more about it. \"All we can really get is chat rooms, you can't play games or see any sort of video. So porn is kind of out of the question...well more or less, we have our ways, just not with a computer\" he said sourly but with a hint of perverted mischief lightened his voice. He couldn't help but stare at the screen and wonder at all the delights he could look up. Ignoring his last comment Lydia's curiosity was peaked. \"So what do you do for fun then?\" It was asked as an innocent question but the moment the words left her mouth she regretted it. \"Well generally I go down to the red light district, Dante's girls are really good at…\" Beej began to explain but Lydia quickly cut him off before he could explain the ins and out of otherworldly prostitution. \"I mean is that why you are so hung up on netherworld tv\"? Lydia asked feeling a blush, bloom on her face at the thought of raunchy yet cold, ectoplasmic exchanges. Her thoughts lingered ever so slightly at the thought of Beej casually hanging out in the red light district. She couldn't help but remember how she had first found him. All those years ago, when he was relaxed on the tiny balcony of the Dante's Inferno brothel, featured in Adam's model. With him wrapped up in a worn and mouldering black and grey checkered dressing gown as he lounged under a sun lamp. Why a ghost would need a sunlamp was beyond her. The only explanation she could come up with was that he might enjoy the warmth. It was a physical impossibility that he was working on his tan, despite the tanning goggles and the sun reflector. From what she had heard Beej was quite the frequent flier when it came to whores. If the rumours were to be believed, Dante's girls were the only ones that would touch him and that was generally under duress. The boss of the place, a glorified pimp turned manager. Had once been a friend to the Ghost with the Most. Or, at least the closest thing the man could get to a friend. Their friendship was less of the friend variety and instead was more based off a mutual hatred of each other, with a financial incentive for one side of the pair. \"Pretty much\" Beej replied with a shrug. \"You can sometimes get human tv on it if you hit it just right. Nothing special generally just movie reruns\" He explained, sounding bored of this particular turn in the conversation. \"Is that why you have seen the exorcist so many times?\" she asked almost giddily unable to keep the grin from her face. She had heard about his rather animated, haunting portfolio from Adam and Barbara. She was quite eager to see if it was mere exaggerations or if he really did have a strange affinity with the film. After all, it was supposedly cursed. Beej couldn't help but enjoy the way Lydia's eyes lit up now that they were talking. He would never admit it, but, he was actually enjoying their little chat. He would happily reveal insignificant little tidbits about himself, if it meant she would stay so enthusiastic. No one living or dead had even tried to scratch the surface on what made up Beetlejuice. Not that he would let anyone close enough to try to scrape past his chilled and grimy exterior. Yet he felt almost happy throwing Lydia the useless piece of trivia. Admittedly it was quite nice having someone ask him about himself when they didn't have any ulterior motive to get information out of him. Oh, he had experienced women try the whole \"I'm just interested in what makes you, you\" thing before. Mainly when he sat in one of the many dive bars in the netherworld. He could tell off the bat that they were either trying to get him to admit one of his myriad of crimes, or they were trying to find a way to steal his magic. Of course, he always saw through them straight away. They didn't call him the ghost with the most for nothing. If it meant he could eek it out with fallacies just enough to get him a good fuck he didn't have to pay for... (Financially at least) then things were good. It was true, he would always end up paying for the little tryst in one way or another. But, he was just happy that his lover of the night wasn't one of Dante's. All he cared about was the fact he managed to get his rocks off without spending a single dime. Yet with each sordid tryst, every con and every power play to keep his reputation he somehow managed to seep even deeper into the feted gutter of netherworld society. \"I guess the old pair of stiffs filled you in on my qualifications then\" he Beej snorted in reply giving her a knowing smirk. That particular conversation had been one he was quite proud of. His little monologue about his qualifications never failed to scare the pants off any potential customers he had, sometimes literally. \"True story, the first time I saw the Exorcist I actually thought it was a documentary. But, it was so fucking funny though. I figured out it could only be a human fictionalisation on what they thought spirit and demon possession are like. I mean it's such a piss poor joke of a thing, it could only be a human re-creation.\" \"Well, I thought it was more like a demonic possession than spirit possession in the films\" Lydia murmured. In her mind, there was a distinct difference between the two. Spiritual possession was something like the Day-O dinner party, orchestrated by the Maitlands. Demon possession, however, was a whole other ballpark that she never wished to personally experience. With that Beej fixed Lydia with a wholly inhuman smile. He began to pick at the skin crusted underneath the crimson dyed fingernails on his left hand. With a flicking motion, little sparks of energy arched across the top of his fingertips dangerously. Lydia imagined that with one simple flick of his fingers that he could turn her world upside down, inside out and back to front all at the same time. It was a terrifying concept that made her freeze in place. \"If you want babes I can show you the difference,\" he said in a voice that was deep and smooth like liquid silk. \"All you have to do Babes is say my name three times, just three times. Then I can show you a world of endless delights and torments\" He muttered sitting forward in his seat, closing the distance between him and Lydia. She found that there was just something deeply intriguing about his tone of voice, which was both threatening and yet incredibly seductive at the same time. Pair that with the playful glint that shone in his eyes. It gave the ghost an unmistakable energy that poured off him in waves. It sat in the air between them like a silent promise, to show her so much and yet at the same time it threatened to do just as much harm. Lydia was astounded to find that she was actually intrigued by the notion. \"Then I can show you exactly what I can do underneath that pretty little skin of yours,\" He said in the same deliciously smooth and dark voice. She wasn't sure if it was just the sound of his voice or the actual words. But some long forgotten part of Lydia began to awaken as if a spell had been cast upon her. It was something that had always been there, dormant, biding its time and now whatever that things was. It was beginning to stir from its slumber. She wanted to say yes more than anything but a strange rumbling feeling deep within her stopped her in her tracks. \"You know what, as fun as that truly sounds. I think I'll pass on that one\" Lydia found herself saying the words as if she was on autopilot. Her brain hadn't quite caught up yet but, she soon found herself able to move again. She realised now how he had managed to scam so many people, human and ghost alike. Especially women. With a voice like that she was surprised he wasn't surrounded by hoards of eager women. Then she remembered his disgusting, claggy exterior and it brought her back into reality. She didn't want to make that kind of deal with him, hell she would be lucky if she got out of this blood bond alive. The last thing she needed was yet another deal and an invite to a twisted play date with her soul. \"Alright if that's what you truly want,\" he said with an almost sweet, lopsided smile that she had to admit was kind of charming in a way. \"It is,\" Lydia said quickly and as if in reply Beetlejuice reclined back in his seat. With that simple move, all the tension in the move seemed to dissolve like sugar in the rain. \"So what did you want to show me?\" he asked pointing at the laptop that Lydia was still clumsily hugged to her chest. She suddenly realised how heavy it was now that she had been holding it so long and she quickly put it down on the coffee table. As soon as she sat down she felt the oddest sensation. It was almost as if something clicked inside her. It felt as if some kind of mechanism has been just off centre and had finally clicked into place after years of being off-kilter. She tried her best to ignore the strange feeling as she logged into youtube and loaded up a video. \"I think you will enjoy this\" Lydia said with a cocky smile. The video played and the same pink haired man from the tv was now sitting on a computer. \"Hello my name is Markiplier and welcome to amnesia,\" He said facing the camera before he selected a save file and began to play the game. Lydia skipped several parts of the video until it came to a piece that almost completely mirrored what they had seen on tv. \" Helloooo, baaaayby ! How YOU doin'?\" The guy said as his character addressed one of the models. His character turned into the corner and picked up a bottle of Laudanum before he turned around. \" No, oh no you don't, you sassy sue,\" he said as a rumbling noise filled the speakers. In one swift move, the Model known as Crustal killed the in-game character and the youtuber sat there with the sombre message on the screen that read YOU DIED . \"Ah fuck a duck…\" He exclaimed angrily hammering his fist on the keyboard before taking a deep breath as he selected a save file. \"let's try that again shall we?\" he said voice full of sarcasm and tiredness as he started this particular stretch of the game for the fourth time. He decided it wasn't worth dealing with the models as there were no keys in that particular room so he decided on going in through a different door. Lydia paused the video and couldn't keep the smirk away from her lips. \"So Beej what do you think?\" she asked trying her best not to burst out in peals of laughter. \"It wasn't real?\" Beej asked his eyebrows knitted together in confusion \"Nope it was a recording of a video game. Your girl Crustal didn't do anything other than a mild scare. So I win\" she said with a cackle before a thought dawned on her. \"Actually, if we are going to play fair then what i just showed you was just as real as you reality tv. It was the same in the fact that it was a recording of an event...\" She paused for a second. \"An event from a video game but it's still something that transpired in real life and was recorded for some reason. I presume we can chalk it up to different perspective so, i guess..\" She trailed off not wanting to say anymore. She already figured she had dug herself way too deep into a hole already. She doubted he would have just accepted her win without question. He was too savvy for that, but she hadn't exactly helped herself out by pointing out the little infractions on her win. He would have pointed it out sooner or later though but she felt she practically handed it to him on a silver platter. \"That means we're even Babes and I get to kiss you,\" He said in one fluid motion, moving across the couch to where Lydia was sitting. His arm stretched to an unnatural length and wrapped around Lydia like a boa constrictor. He leant in towards her, but she managed to wiggle an arm free from the breathtaking embrace. She quickly held it in front of her face like a shield, stopping the ghost from getting any closer. He had been about to give her the smooch of her life when she stopped him cold. The reason? She had been hit by an overwhelming sense of nausea at the smell of pure rot and something that smelt like salty summer garbage at the peak of its foulness. She was hit with other scents she couldn't quite put her finger on. But, whatever this was she could practically taste it in the back of her throat. Her nose felt as if it was on fire, being assaulted by so many smells, most of which couldn't hope to identify. But that wasn't the only thing, being this close to him she could finally see all the little pieces of greenery that stuck to every tiny wrinkle in his skin. It gave his flesh and almost waxy yet clay-like quality in texture as there was something just caked onto him. She was baffled and disgusted at this mystery substance in particular. She figured it was probably bile or some similar substance. No doubt there from his time inside the sandworm. She didn't want to ask, she didn't want to speculate. But she knew she could never kiss him with all that funk going on. \"Actually, as we are even that means I won too and if you're thinking of kissing me you can forget it. You bet me that you lost you would go have a bath, so now it's time for you to go have a soak\" Lydia said recoiling at the sight of the spattering of mould that had turned into a crusty mess around his lips. It had created a carpet of mottled greenery that stuck to the stubble of his beard. The beard moss looked oddly slick, almost as if it would squish if she touched it. \"There's no way in hell that I'm kissing you until you have a bath,\" Lydia said decisively. She felt the arms around her weaken a little as she heard what could only be described as a growl coming from the man next to her. \"Fine have it your way but since this is a draw there are penalties\" Beej grumbled his voice low and gravelly. \"When I kiss you and I will kiss you. You have to kiss me back, no arguing or trying to get out of it. A deal is a deal!\" he said in a deep growl of a voice his arms retracting to their normal size as he gave Lydia the literal cold shoulder. \"FINE\" Lydia practically spat back. \"But, you have to brush your teeth as well as having the bath,\" she said getting up of the couch quickly. She ignored the ghost that was positively seething on the couch as she ducked out of the room. \"I hope you like scented bubbles,\" she said in a sing-song voice as she ascended the staircase. Even when she went up to the main bathroom she could feel the ghost's anger crackling through the air like electricity. She got the bath ready filling it with salts and a bath bomb which made the tiled room smell like a fresh garden mixed with a french tart's boudoir. She giggled at that fact as she got a spare toothbrush ready, the paste ready on the brush. She knew he would be standing there waiting for her. She could practically feel his eyes glaring at her through the door so she wasn't surprised to find him pacing the hall. \"Your bath's ready,\" Lydia said with a grin, pretending that she couldn't feel the anger emanating from the ghost. He took a breath seeming to steady himself before walking into the tiled room of watery hell. He stopped in the doorway his voice coming out as something of a snarl. \"You're going to pay for this babes. When you least expect it I WILL be there. When your guard is down its smooch city and guess what? You have to kiss me back.\" He said with a grin before he leant closer to her as if he was going to fulfil the fated kiss. She gasped at the sudden closeness as she could feel the cold radiating from his body and the feel his breath tickled the delicate skin on her neck. He chuckled darkly realizing what fun he could have with her. His mind raced with ideas, many of them turning into straight-up porn within a few nanoseconds. \"You know what babes. We both know you're going to enjoy it\" he said kissing two of his fingers before caressing them along the nape of her neck. The was a moment of silence between the pair as Lydia held her breath and she unconsciously leant in towards him and the promise of the cold caress. He chuckled to himself as he removed his hand and saw that Lydia leaned in ever so slightly as if to capture his freezing touch again. \"Care to join me?\" he asked, not waiting for a reply as he disappeared into the bathroom; the door closing with a definitive slam. I can't keep letting him do that to me, Lydia said to herself peeling her body away from the wall. Her knees felt weak and her head swam at the thought of joining him in the bath. THINK OF SOMETHING ELSE her mind screamed. So instead she decided to focus on everything that was repulsive about the man. The bits of decaying debris that stuck to the mane of green-grey hair that looked almost as if it had once been blonde. The disgusting smell of his breath which she reckoned could be used as a very effective biological weapon. Then there was the subject of his personality: he was brash, repulsive, too cocky for his own good and positively slimy. She thought she could go on forever picking out just what made him so repugnant and it was a safe train of thought. She tried her best to cement this into her mind. For some reason the longer she stayed in contact with the ghost the harder it was to remember just how awful he actually was and just why she had been scared of him for so many years.[Chapter 12] I would like to say a huge, huge thank the brilliant Miss Ada for drawing me the beautiful cover image for this fic. It is beautiful and she is such a wonderful and talented person. She has been my friend and beta, giving me moral support when i need it the most and put up with my harebrained nonsense . Ada does the most wonderful, beautiful and bizarre Beetlejuice comic i have ever come across called \"Cobweb and Stripes\" which can be found on deviant art. I highly recommend you check it out as it really is not only an engaging and different story but the whole thing has such stunning artwork, every page is a treasure. I have re-vamped this chapter so please give it a read and tell me what you think. As always I love receiving feedback so please tell me what you think via review or PM and i hope you enjoy it. Beetlejuice closed the bathroom door, a sense of dread washing over his ghostly form. He took in what he considered to be a veritable crime scene of a bathroom. It was neat and tidy, but the thing that irked him most of all was the fact that it was clean. He hadn't been in any sort of bathroom that could be considered \"clean\" in literally over a century. He was used to dirty outhouses and tiles covered in a veritable smorgasbord of mould. This one, however, was squeaky clean, the tiles were fresh and white as was the grouting in between. What was worse? Neither a Silverfish or a spider could be seen. \"Mabe I could just pretend to have a wash and just smarten myself up a little bit\". He muttered to himself as his gaze drifted over to the bubble filled tub. He was hoping against hope that he wouldn't need to actually submerge himself into the water. Just a spritz, pits and dick wash would probably suffice and Lydia would be none the wiser. That train of thought was quickly interrupted as he heard a muffled explosion of noise coming from one of the bathroom walls. \"Don't you fucking dare!\" Lydia's voice came slightly muted but none the less aggressive as she shouted through the wall. Her bedroom shared a wall with the bathroom. It wasn't so bad, usually, you couldn't hear a thing from the room so it didn't disturb her much. At one point in time though, she regularly got woken up by Delias, drunken 4 am baths. For some reason while under the influence, the woman would decide to strain her vocal cords to a cacophony of mumbled caterwauling and misheard lyrics. It was one of the many reasons Lydia was now glad she lived alone. \"But Babes\" he whined almost pathetically. \"Do you know how long it took me to get to this level of filth. How many ditches I had to sleep in and how many sewers I had to hang out in, just to get the right level of funk going on? I finally have the balance right, the perfect amount of mould and crustiness and you want me to wash it away? just like that!?\" He asked hoping that would soften her resolve a little and she would relent. Saving him from his soap induced nightmare. He heard her move in the other room and he half hoped she would come to the door. His mind began to race as he thought that perhaps she was coming to join him. That would certainly take the sting out of it. Seeing Lydia's pale skin all warm, wet and soapy. He grinned to himself as more thoughts of the debauchery they could have in the bathroom. \"Oh for the love of goddess!\" Lydia said with a sigh \"It's dirt, fortify yourself a little bit, man. It's just water and soap\". She paused for a moment before she practically roared. \"You're having a bath whether you like it or not and you brushing your teeth too\". Her voice was all the clearer now, as she seemed to be leaning on the wall separating the two. \"I'm not catching the plague just because you're afraid of a few bubbles,\" Lydia said knowing her little jibe would work like magic. \"I'm the ghost with the fucking most babes, I'm not afraid of anything, not you, not sandworms and certainly not fucking bubbles\" he practically growled. \"Then prove it,\" Lydia said smiling sly to herself. She heard muttered obscenities bounce and echo around the tiled room in reply. Beetlejuice let out a sigh of defeat and quickly rid himself of his trademark jacket, hanging safely on the hook on the back of the door. At least, that would be safe. His slug and loogie collection in his inner breast pocket was safe, for now. He didn't know what he would do if Lydia ever got it into her brain that his clothes needed a good wash too. He shuddered at the thought before his mind began to slip back to its usual smut. \"That girl will owe me the blowjob of the century if she tries to pull that kind of stunt,\" he thought to himself with a slight chuckle. \"That might almost make losing my snake collection worth it. As long as I can give her one of my very own. No doubt the rare one-eyed snake will make her scream like nothing else on this planet\". He thought to himself lingering on the mental image of giving her said phallic device and all the pleasure it would give to both parties. His pants began to feel a little too snug for his liking so he quickly removed them, kicking them to the side of the bath along with his shoes. A little hiss came out of his trousers as a small grass snake poked its head out of the zipper before returning to its home in the pocket. He stood there in the bathroom for a few moments, wearing just his tie, his off-white undershirt and his boxer shorts. He could actually feel the heat radiating from the bathtub and he had to admit it did feel rather nice. He hated the feminine, flowery smell, but he figured it would dissipate almost as soon as his body hit the water, due to the raw power of his own unique blend of stench. He quickly removed his tie and shirt, leaving just the boxers on as he flexed his feet against the cold tiled floor. \"Fuck it, it can't be that bad\" he murmured freeing himself of his boxer shorts with an energetic twang of the elastic. He took a deep breath and gingerly stepped into the tub. At first, his mind was full of water, he remembered bubbles of desperation rising to the surface as he sank deeper into the water. The light began to fade as the water consumed him before he was swallowed whole by the deep. He shook his head, ridding himself from that spark of thought, shoving it back from whence it came. Hoping that the distressing thought would never return, or at the very least wouldn't return until his punishment was finished with. The water splashed against his legs teasingly and for a moment it fell all too much for him. The heat, the smell of the bubbles and his apprehension just to be in the water again after so many centuries. The feeling of apprehension and the need to nope the fuck out of there was almost overpowering. He half expected the bottom of the bathtub to give way only to be swallowed whole by the water. Yet as he gingerly sunk into the mass of soapy goodness, as the warm, forgiving water came up to lick his chest, he came to a realisation. \"So that's why humans like this so much,\" he said, shifting in the water and rearranging the surface of delightfully foaming bubbles, which fizzed around him. He would never admit it but the whole bath thing wasn't as heinous as he had originally thought. As the water lapped gently against his skin it spread a beautiful warmth through his whole body. He was still a ghost so he doubted he would ever be near to body temperature again, but sitting in the steamy tub he felt almost as if he was slowly beginning to reach room temperature. He sat there for a while just enjoying the calming effect the water had on him. The only time he figured he would be this warm again would be when his plan finally paid out. He closed his eyes as he imagined his moment of victory when Lydia was finally his. He imagined her face flush with heat and her molten chocolate eyes full of a look of pure need. He imagined clicking his fingers, making her clothes disappear as he pressed himself against her. He imagined kissing every inch of her skin, whipping her into a frenzy before he finally burned himself against her lips. He knew his ghostly form would steal the excessive warmth from her skin making him hot and flush from her intimate heat. He also fixated on the mental image of punching a hole in the damned dresser mirror. That way she would never be able to summon him away again to the place that had kept him, prisoner. He was here to stay and he couldn't keep the sadistic grin from his lips as he imagined roughly bending Lydia over her dresser. She would be his, body and soul and there was nothing she could do about it, she was undone by him and him alone. Not some pompous meat bag but the ghost with the fucking most. He imagined Lydia bending beneath his every touch, feather-light to rough and demanding. Beetlejuice let out an audible groan. His mind was well and truly stuck in the gutter and now it was there he knew there was only one way of getting rid of it. He looked around guiltily for something, anything to help aid or distract him. The itch he felt now was stronger than anything he had ever felt before. There was no missing his rather obvious problem even through the soapy water. Things had been so much easier when he had hated her guts. He couldn't help but lament on the thought. It had all been so clear in his head back then. All he wanted to do was kill her, string her up by her guts or something equally as gruesome to make her a very ugly corpse. Then when she finally got used to the whole being dead, thing. Just when she started to hold out hope of seeing her friends again. He would exorcise her to the lost soul's room, where she would rot for all eternity, miserable, deformed and alone. But things were different now. He didn't hate Lydia, in fact, he found her to be incredibly alluring, which is what led to his current situation. His fingers had already strayed to his nether regions on a sort of autopilot. Thoughts of Lydia's personal brand of sweetness imprinted itself across his mind. The softness of her delightfully warm skin, being held against him, warming him to his core. Her full and beautiful lips, bruised with kisses as she moaned his name. He fixated on that moment, the sex didn't really matter anymore. But, the way she said his name, as every syllable rolled off her tongue and caressed her lips as she moaned in a seductive half whisper. It made him shudder to completion, surrounded by bubbles and the now thoroughly tainted water. He reclined in the bath letting out a sigh that was a mixture of relaxation and yet at the same time frustration. It had all just been a fantasy. Though he didn't feel quite as repulsive as he did in the aftermath of his many self-love sessions in the netherworld. Mainly because they had to border on self-abuse just to get rid of that damned itch. Yet he couldn't help but feel a strong and somewhat depressing longing for lady Lydia. He wasn't sure why, but he felt drawn to her. Even before he had initiated the blood tie he had felt as if there was something special about her. Something that made her different from the other meat bags he had driven insane during his many years of being a Bio-exorcist. He couldn't quite put his finger on it but it was what had made him decide that she would be the one to fully free him. It had been the deciding reason why he had tried to force Lydia to marry him. Even though she had been little more than a child at the time. His head swam with images of her and every mapped inch of her imaginary body. With a sigh, he pulled the plug on the bath, ridding the tub of the telltale signs of his little indiscretion before he quickly re-plugged it and turned the hot tap on full. Once the bath was back to its normal level of steaminess Beetlejuice began to look around at the many bottle and jars that lined the bath. There were so many bottles of different shapes and sizes with different words blazed across their label's. \"Ah now that something I recognise\" he muttered to himself reaching towards a bottle of shampoo which had the word volume written on it. He held the bottle out at arm's length as he carefully opened it and nothing. Nothing happened, he shook the bottle and then tried to peer through the plastic at the bright orange liquid. \"Well that's definitely misrepresentation\" he muttered to himself as he had been expecting a particular brand of netherworld shampoo. Not every ghost and ghoul liked to keep up Beetlejuice's' level of filth and he had seen a popular product advertised on the tv named 'Otherworldly volume'. The commercial showed a man opening the bottle which let out a cacophony of tiny screams which only got louder as he got some of the shampoo and lathered it through his hair. It was supposed to give your hair some sort of strange Vavavoom, what that was exactly was lost on him. But as this bottle wasn't what he thought he quickly discarded it and decided to try something else. \"Er, you. Let's give you a try\" he said to himself as he moved a bottle around to see the label which read Nair, woman's hair remover. He ran a hand through his hair as a pang of apprehension sunk in his stomach. \"No I need all the hair I can get\". He tried a few more bottles focusing on the ingredients but that just made him even more confused. Was the purpose of all these different potions? How and why did one woman need so many? \"Er Babe's, little help in here\" Beej practically wailed \"This is some serious alchemy shit, do you have to sacrifice your soul to the god of hair care or something? Because that ship sailed a long time ago\" he said with a slight chuckle. He heard Lydia moving along the hall only to stop at the door to the bathroom. \"It's quite simple, Beej. Just use the stuff I have set out for you\" Lydia said, her voice coming quite clear even through the door. \"And where would that be?\" He enquired a hint of venom in his voice. He heard Lydia sigh deeply before she replied. \"Directly next to the taps, the green bottle next to the cold tap is body wash and the black bottle next to the hot tap is shampoo\". \"I really have to go through this don't I?\" Beej asked in hopes of a reprieve. \"Yep, oh and by the way, you mind want to stay away from the bottles marked as 'Women's' or 'For Women'. They are known for the testicle shrivelling properties\" Lydia stated trying to quell the giggle in her throat. Beej let out something of a strangle cry at this throwing the bottle of women's conditioner from his hand. \"Half the fucking stuff in this room says 'for women' i swear if I sustain any injury from having this bath then you will pay for it\". Lydia couldn't help but laugh at the sound, it was almost worth opening the door just to see the look on his face. Almost, but not quite and she quickly vetoed that idea. \"Well I already have to kiss you, so let just take things one punishment at a time,\" she said before adding in an almost sing-song voice. \"Enjoy your bubbles\" as she made her way back to her bedroom. Beej sat there in the bath practically fuming, how could she not tell him sooner. He could have ended up with irreparable damage to a very delicate area and she didn't give a damn. He let out a noise like an angry growl as he fixed his eyes on the two bottles Lydia had directed him too. He opened the shampoo and there was no scream, unfortunately. But unlike everything else in the bathroom, this particular bottle didn't have a flowery or fruity scent; instead, it smelt like mint. It had almost a menthol smell to it which was quite appealing and manly smelling compared to everything else in the bathroom. \"Thanks, babes\" he muttered to himself before he dunked his head under the water to wet his hair. At least, she hadn't emasculated him completely by making him smell like potpourri. He emptied a decent amount of the green liquid into the palm of his hand and he brushed it through his hair. He lathered it up and made sure it reached every inch of his hair. He said a silent prayer for the dandruff flakes and other things that caked his hair as he doubted they would survive the wash. Just when he was starting to feel confident in his decision to wash his hair (as Lydia had never actually stated he had to wash his hair, just that he had to wash himself). He was gripped with a strange sensation that he couldn't quite comprehend. There was something wrong with the shampoo, he thought he must be having some sort of adverse reaction to it as his head suddenly felt all tingly and freezing cold as if it was stuck in a snowstorm. Was that even how allergies worked with ghosts? Could ghost have reactions to human products? He wasn't sure but one thing he overlooked was the 'Cooling mint' label on the shampoo. He dunked his head under the water as he scrubbed wildly to rid himself of the mentholated suds. He eventually broke the surface of the water and breathed a sigh of relief as the cooling sensation had subsided to something of a small tingle. \"Your evil\" he muttered to the bottle before throwing it across the bathroom. He looked at the bottle of body wash with scepticism, would this try to assault him too? He reached out for the bottle, finding a neatly folded flannel underneath it. He couldn't help but think it would have been handy during his indiscretion but the moment had well and truly passed. He opened the bottle, giving the liquid a sniff, hoping that it wouldn't have the same terrifying menthol as the last. Luckily this one was scented with pine and thyme which he rather liked considering it was a sort of soap. He slathered the liquid into the flannel and began to scrub his body with the foam. When he had finished the flannel in question was black and smelt as if something from the depths of Satan's bowels had died on it. He attempted to drain the water but a thick brown sludge filled the bottom half of the tub. He tried in vain to release the clog by hand so he juiced the stain away, leaving the bathtub clean and shining. He took one of the towels from the back of the door, a fluffy blue one that sat next to his coat and wrapped it around him. He could already feel the reassuring warmth leaving his body and within moments he was back to his normal frigid body temperature. He rubbed one of the corners of the towel through his hair until it was mostly dry before he began to dress again. He didn't bother with his shirt or tie. Honestly, he couldn't be bothered with them and he had to admit they could all do with a wash. There was an obvious cleaner patch where his jacket covered it, the front, exposed half of the shirt was a shade of dark, phlegm coloured green. But he put on his boxers, his trousers and his jacket like always before he made his way to the sink. There waiting for him was a green toothbrush, the paste already waiting on the bristles for him. He shuddered at the thought of yet another cleaning ritual but pictured Lydia's lips in his mind. \"Just get through this and she's yours\" he reassured himself before sticking the brush in his mouth and starting to scrub. A lot happened in his mouth over the next few minutes, more than just a quick cleaning of the teeth. He began brushing his teeth, which was a thoroughly unnatural act as far as he was concerned. The foaming, the mint and the feeling of losing the bug husks from between his teeth. He stopped every once in a while, to spit out the mashed collection of wings, beetle bits and foam from his mouth; washing them all down the sink with a jet of water. He bought the now mashed and mangled brush out of his mouth, there were bite marks on the brush handle and the bristles were so splayed it looked as if they were trying to run away from the brush. He examined his teeth in the mirror. \"Not too bad if i do day do myself\" he admired his now clean teeth which looked almost normal. Yes his gums were still a dark shade of 'look at me I'm a corpse' grey but he couldn't exactly help that. His teeth would never be white and instead, they were a deep smoker's yellow. But, it could have been a hell of a lot worse, considering he couldn't remember the last time he had actually cleaned his teeth. He studied his teeth, with a sense of dis-ease, they were too clean. There was no dirt or fuzz collecting in the corners and he was starting to regret his decision when he spotted something in the mirror. There was a swollen and raw looking abscess just above his one of his fang-like eye teeth. Curiosity got the best of the ghost and he lightly poked the inflamed pocket of flesh. Big mistake! The sore ruptured, squirting pus and god knows what else into his mouth and unfortunately up the bathroom wall and the mirror. Beej shrugged his shoulders, as far as things went this was quite low on his gross-out meter. He had seen a lot of gore and guts in his illustrious career as a bio-exorcist and his conman days. So, this wasn't even a blip on his radar. His gaze shifted up to his reflexion and he couldn't help but be taken aback by what he saw. His skin was clean which made him look oddly human now he was lacking the moss around his mouth. He had actually forgotten what his original hair colour had been as under the layers of greening mould it was now a pale blonde colour. He looked a lot softer now, without his live in dirt accessory. He wasn't really sure about it, and he felt the urge to get back to normal by rolling around in a ditch. But first, he had to show Lydia his new found cleanliness. He confidently popped the collar of his jacket, making it stand out a little more from his body. \"There is no reason why she wouldn't want to get with this\" he muttered to himself before adding. \"I'm getting that kiss and hell, if i get more i might just keep up this whole clean thing\". He snapped his fingers and the horror show from the sink and all adjacent furnishings were now clean and pus free. He opened the bathroom door hoping to find Lydia on the other side. When she wasn't he went looking for her hoping to find her in her bedroom, hopefully in a compromising position on her bed. \"I'm in the kitchen\" Lydia's muffled words sounded from below. Beej Chuckled to himself as he floated through the floor intent on scaring the woman he so desired.[Chapter 13] Alright, everyone, i decided i would revise this chapter as i forgot to add in a few important details. I have addressed some of the issues people have talked about in the reviews. Hopefully, there aren't as many run along sentences. It is something i am trying to work on. I am trying to improve my writing as much as i can, but sometimes grammar can be a bit of a minefield for me so please take things with a pinch of salt. I hope this version is better and the big issues are sorted. I have also made a few decisions for Beej's aesthetics, which i know one person wasn't too happy about. Please stick with it, everything will make sense, so give me time. I would love to hear reviews of this revised and updated version. I will also be updating chapter 14, but please read this one before skipping to the next. Lydia cackled to herself at the less than manly scream that echoed from the bathroom. She was still giggling as she moved her way back downstairs, into the kitchen and away from the Ghoul soaking in the bath. She gazed out the window at the now setting sun. she couldn't help but be drawn in by the sky. It seemed like it was alive, as it blazed beautiful, vibrant pinks and orange. As the sun made its way beyond the horizon she smiled to herself. As she watched how the last few tendrils of golden light seemed to kiss the earth a gentle goodbye before they faded away into nothing. The night was suddenly upon them and as if it had been waiting for its cue, Lydia's stomach let out an angry growl. She tore her eyes away from the window as she realised she hadn't eaten anything all day. Actually, now that she thought of it she hadn't really eaten much of anything over the past few days either. She cursed herself at her own stupidity. If she was going to be dealing with a very pissed off bio-exorcist she needed to keep her strength up. Any break in her defences and he would worm his way in, she already knew that. Admittedly, half of her was quite interested to see what he would do given the opportunity. yet she shrugged off the thought as she made her way to the fridge. She stared blankly in at the sparse contents, her eyes glazing over as the cold seeped from the fridge, engulfing her body in wonderful icy stillness. As she stared without really looking, a voice from somewhere deep inside Lydia began to speak \" Is he really all talk\"? It whispered in something of a hiss. Lydia paused, confused, though not about the voice itself but more about what it said. Normally if she heard any type of voice in her head she would have been alarmed, to say the least, if not seriously questioning her own sanity the sinister intrusion. Yet as the voice hissed its words she felt almost calmed by them. It felt natural, as if it was something that had always been there within her, just waiting for when the time was ripe and it could make its move. \" Any minute now he will be out of that tub and you are going to kiss him, not because of some stupid bet but because you want to\" , the voice whispered. Each syllable sounded as if had been uttered by a snake or some sort of strange creature that resided in the blackest stretches of the ocean. \" You're scared you're going to like it\" the voice announced and Lydia couldn't help but nod in agreement. She was scared deep down that she would indeed enjoy kissing him. She knew somehow, the repugnant ghoul would win her affection with his forked tongue and once they kissed there would be no going back. She began to bite her bottom lip as she thought about what sort of a kiss it would be. She suspected it would be rushed, deep and passionate, trying to get every microsecond he could from her lips before she pushed him away. But she also knew he liked to play games, after all, he was infamous for messing with people's heads. So, perhaps that kiss would be short and sweet, chaste and full of longing. A silent promise placed against her lips that there would be so much more to come. Though she would have to work for it. She would have to ask for it and say it out loud that she wanted him. It was certainly his style and Lydia bit down harder as she nibbled anxiously away at her bottom lip. \" You're drawn to him, you need him, you always have done and you always will do, after all, isn't that why you kept the ring\"? The voice hissed seductively. She had never told a soul about keeping the ring Beetlejuice had once forced onto her hand. It had been their wedding night and little Lydia had sat alone in her room, still dressed in the red tulle monstrosity that was her wedding dress. She had climbed out of the thing only to find herself clad in red lace lingerie. She shuddered to herself at the memory of it. Considering her age at the time, it was beyond creepy. She remembered pulling at the ring on her finger trying to free it from her hand. Yet it stuck there as if it was grafted to her very bones. She spent hours trying to rid herself of the ring and just ended up with a very swollen and bloodied hand. It took four whole months before she finally managed to release her finger from the ring. She wasn't sure why it had decided to give after so long. At the time she thought it signified that Beetlejuice was gone for good after finally being dispatched by the sandworm, (obviously now she knew better). But, when the ring finally gave way she had been swallowed by a wave of sorrow. She knew she should be happy that he was gone; after all, he was practically a venereal disease in ghost form. Except all, she could feel was loss and she wasn't exactly sure why. She couldn't pinpoint the emotion she was feeling. It was just this unmanageable swirling mass of sorrow and god knows how many other emotions mixed into it. At the time she really thought he was gone for good and oddly enough it made her feel isolated and alone. More alone than she had ever been before, even though she was surrounded by her family and her dear friends the Maitlands. Barbara had made Lydia a list of all the different and creative ways she could throw away the ring as a last metaphorical Fuck You to Beetlejuice. These included a few choice ones such as dropping it into the ocean. Or selling it to some poor unfortunate soul, along with a dozen other plans. Quite a few of which she was surprised to find bordered on a moral grey area. But none of them appealed to her. She had a feeling that even if she threw the ring into the deepest part of the ocean, it would somehow find its way back to her. Also, she couldn't, in good faith palm the ring off to some sap. What if Beetlejuice appeared one day and decided to do a little bio-exorcising on the person simply because they had the ring. She couldn't stomach that thought. After she mentally crossed off every option on the list she came to the conclusion that she would have to keep the ring. Though she would never admit it, after being forced to wear the thing for such a long time she had become more than slightly attached to it. She didn't want to keep on wearing it that much she was certain of as it was a daily reminder of HIM and the confusing wave of feelings associated with HIM. She sat and stared at the ring for a while as it sat in the palm of her hand, she couldn't get rid of it, she just couldn't. She hadn't told anyone about the strange crushing weight she felt since it had left its place, snug on her finger. She knew they wouldn't understand and they would insist on throwing it out. Her feelings be damned. She decided the only thing she could do was find a place to hide the ring and make up a story later. But the only problem was where to put the thing. It would have to be somewhere she knew it would be safe, but also where she wouldn't see it. She got up to find a suitable hiding place when the ring slipped from her fingers and rolled across the floor, coming to rest against the skirting board. She bent down to pick it back up and that's when she noticed a tiny, hairline seam in the woodwork. It was as if this particular piece of the skirting was just slightly different from the rest and as she traced along the seam with her fingertips she heard a small click. The Board came away from the wall easily and as she lifted it away she noticed small hole carved into the brickwork. It was large enough to keep a few small trinkets or some money and she was reminded of the time capsule scene from the film Amelie. She instantly knew that this was the place to hide the ring, it just felt right for some reason. After wearing it for so long Lydia hated the thought of it rusting up in the wall. So she placed it in a small stone box that her mother had passed onto her. The box had a floret of ornate lilies carved into the top, the petals were made from a mother of pearl inlay, which looked quite beautiful against the dark stone. She quickly deposited the ring inside and put the box into the hidden wall cavity, before carefully putting the skirting board back so it looked like the rest of the wall. She hadn't thought about the hole in the wall or the ring in years and yet this voice somehow knew that she had not only kept it but that she had also felt attached to it in some way. She was brought back to the present when the voice sounded again. \" You felt it the moment you met him,\" the voice hissed in her mind, tearing her away from the memory of the ring, that she hadn't thought about in literally years. \" It had nothing to do with Adam and Barbara, they only helped speed up the process a little. You would have found him sooner or later, perhaps in a seedy motel, perhaps in the waiting room of the damned. The how and the where don't matter, you would have still found him and let him loose eventually,\" the voice murmured. All Lydia could do was nod in reply, she didn't know how or why this voice knew what she felt. The feelings had been buried so deep down, on an unconscious level that she was only becoming aware of them as the voice whispered. It made Lydia feel as if there was a great big spiders web inside her which hid so many secrets, wrapped up in fine layers of silk. She felt as if someone or something had begun to tug on one of the silken threads and has begun to slowly unravel the layers, but in doing so it had made things start to come away at the seams. \" You're just like him. Yes, you're still alive and breathing, but under the skin, you two are already one. You were built from the same clay and that's why you will always go to him. You can try to fight it but in the end, you will be his\" the voice muttered. \"No i won't\" Lydia snarled back at the voice. It hissed angrily in reply before she felt the odd sensation of it leaving. The icy embrace that had engulfed her before the voice began to whisper sweet nothings into her ear had lessened. It began to sweep away from her like the strange crashing waves of an unseen ocean. She felt her body relax and her muscles began to soften back up, she hadn't realised that they had been stiffened like as rigour mortis while the strange hissing voice talked. She could feel it leaving her to slither back to whatever dark recess it had originated from. Yet she knew it would come back. For now, it ebbed but like the ever flowing of the tide, it would always return. She wasn't sure how she knew this, it was just sort of innate. Programmed into every cell of her being. Just like her knowledge of the voice. Somehow she knew it was there to help her and it was a part of her. Even though she had no idea of its existence before today. she now knew it had always been there, just waiting in the background for its time to shine. The frozen stillness that had captured her in a bubble of strange silence was gone and she became aware of the rest of the world again. The ticking of the kitchen clock, the low buzz that came from the open refrigerator. The gurgling rumble that came from her stomach and the depressing sparseness of food she currently had. \"You won't what?\" Beetlejuice's voice sounded from behind her. She jumped at the sudden noise and bashed her head on the door of the fridge. She hadn't heard him approach so she suspected that he had ghosted through the floor. But how long had he been there watching her? She already knew that the strange, intoxicating voice hadn't been one of his tricks. It felt way too natural to be something from his magic. She still remembered the strange fizzing feeling that spread through her body, when he made the gaudy red wedding dress appear upon her so many years ago. But she felt no such feeling and he didn't seem to be aware of the voice. If he had been the cause of it or even just heard it then he would no doubt be teasing her, trying to bait a reaction from her. But how long had he been watching her, stand in her trance-like state as she stared into the depths of the fridge? \"Ah nothing,\" she said, quickly brushing off his comment. \"I was just thinking that I'm not going to cook for a ghost again,\" Lydia said quickly, mentally chastising herself for such a rookie mistake. \"Adam and Barbara were always so finicky about cooking, you had to ladle everything with heavy seasoning or hot sauce before they could claim to taste it\" Lydia quickly murmured almost stumbling over her words. The story she told was true, the Maitlands did have a penchant for highly spiced foods. Lydia had bought them a bottle of special hot sauce which was made out of ghost chillies, the pair thought it was a match made in heaven and she had ended up buying them a crate of the stuff. Lydia doubted that the sauce was fit for human consumption, or at least without having to suffer through some otherworldly pain. She still had a bottle in the cupboard, no one human had dared to try it so it was still there gathering dust. \"So, i was thinking, takeout?\" Lydia asked sitting down at the table across from the Ghost. It was then that she actually looked at the man and took in his newly washed appearance. He looked fantastic. If Lydia didn't know better then she would have thought he was alive. The mould that seemed to gather along the corners of his mouth and hairline had been scrubbed away. His skin tone had improved dramatically as he looked a little more human. He was still pale as death but some of the ashen tones to his skin were gone. His eyes no longer had the deep sunken in quality that they had sported an hour or so ago. Lydia never realised how green his eyes were before. They were a beautiful eerie emerald and they seemed to glow slightly as he looked at her. His hair was slicked back and it was now a satisfying sandy blonde. Opposed to the dirt-filled chlorine green it had once been. If he had been living he would have been seen almost universally as a catch. Lydia couldn't help but feel more than a flutter of attraction towards him. She noted that his scraggly dark stubble looked lighter and tidier, with what looked like perhaps 3 days worth of stubble at the most. It would seem that most of the dark pigmentation of his scruff had been due to the algae that lingered around his mouth. His lips seemed more appealing too, though nothing about them had changed, perhaps it was her perception of them that had changed. The voice had been right about her wanting to kiss him and her eyes lingered on his lips for just a second too long. \"So I'm guessing you approve then?\" Beetlejuice asked with a wicked smile that brought Lydia out of her little trance. Lydia hummed back in reply before finding her words. \"You actually clean up really well\" Lydia stated with a smile. She tore her eyes away from him for a second only to have her gaze drift back to him on its own volition. It was then that she realised that the ghost across the table, was shirtless. She couldn't help but let her eyes wander across the bare skin of his chest that was showing from under his jacket. His flesh was covered in unusual marks that captured both her imagination and curiosity. He was practically crawling with Tattoos depicting various symbols that she couldn't trace. A few looked vaguely familiar and she was under the impression that they must be some kind of runes. He had a few of those in black ink that seemed to warp and shimmer as she looked at them. It almost felt like they were trying to avoid being read, or perhaps it was simply a sign of their magical potential. She noticed a few marks that stood out from his flesh even more than their black and white counterparts. These ones had a whole different dimension that the black and white lettering simply didn't have. Some of the marks were raised up from his skin creating delicate yet complex patterns in an ivory white, which had an almost silver shimmer to it. Lydia was reminded of old scar tissue that had healed over. Except these particular scars were cut into a very precise pattern. One picture, in particular, spoke to her. It was a beautiful set of 3 concentric circles with a large emblem set at the very centre. Each circle had two micro circles somewhere along their circumference and nestled within the middle of each micro circle sat a single sigil. She wasn't sure what the circular nest egg of patterns actually meant but she felt very attracted to that design in particular. She had always been a fan of ink and any type of body modification, which is what led to her current status as a freelance photographer. Though she did tend to stick more to Tattoo based magazines as a bit of a backup, when it came to regular work. She had seen thousands of beautiful tattoos and scarification pieces over the years. Some even depicting similar patterns. Yet this piece on Beetlejuice had such a strong appeal she was almost taken aback by it. She felt the urge to run her fingertips across each one of the circles. Part of her thought that if she could trace these strange lines on his flesh, then perhaps their cryptic nature would crumble away unlock their meaning. \"Hey babes my eyes are up here\" he chuckled watching as Lydia's blush became deeper as she quickly, tore her eyes away from him guiltily. He chuckled deeply enjoying how uncomfortable Lydia seemed. She looked so sexy with that blush on her cheeks that he made a mental note to mess with her a little more. \"If i had known you would like me this much i would have started bathing ages ago\" he practically purred, making eye contact with the woman. He knew she had nice eyes, hell his little indiscretion in the bathtub had focused on the mental image of her lips. Especially the way she looked up at him with her big doe eyes. But as he caught her eye this time. He noticed that there were little specks of honeyed amber, streaking through the beautiful chocolate brown. He wasn't sure why but all of a sudden he became aware of a new fire that seemed to burn brightly behind Lydia's eyes. It was deep and passionate. Though he had no idea where it had come from, or what had sparked it he, couldn't help but be drawn in by it. He got the strangest feeling of deja vu that was oddly unsettling, even for him. He had dabbled in many a magic over the years and had got used to the feeling of how reality changed especially when he messed with it. The whole world would go on changing and majority of the time, no one noticed the changes, even if they were glaringly obvious. He felt that familiar pull deep inside of him that usually came with his magic endeavors, but he hadn't done anything and it wasn't like Lydia could do anything. she was just a breather. Yet that fire behind her eyes, it made him feel strangely warm. It also made him feel all hard and soft at the same time which was an incredibly odd sensation. He suddenly couldn't think of her eyes being any other way and that confused him deeply. Something had changed. It was subtle, like a background rumble of thunder many miles away. Still it was just enough for him to notice that something was different and that intrigued him. Over his many, many years, not a single piece of magic had slipped past him without it raising all kinds of alarms. So the fact that something had slipped by him in such an inconspicuous and natural way was quite alluring. He wanted to find out more, but there was no trail he could follow. Normally magic had something he could track, a feeling of electricity, a smell of burnt iron or blood. But with this, there was nothing but the fire dancing behind Lydia's captivating eyes. While Beej was lost in thought, staring soulfully into Lydia's eyes. She was admiring the strange, otherworldly emerald glow that seemed to shine from within him. It seemed to intensify and smoulder when they made eye contact and though he only held her gaze for a moment or two it felt like time had stopped. Before quickly speeding back up again as if to make up for the little shift. She became aware that he was staring at her and her blush deepened to the point that even the tips of her ears turned a marvellous shade of crimson. She coughed, hoping to break Beej out of whatever sort of trance he was in. Why was he staring at me like that? And why do did i like it so much?\" She thought to herself, as she quickly got up from the table and began rifling through one of the kitchens draws; which contained mainly junk, but also happened to house several take-out menus. She could still feel Beej's eyes on her even as she stood with her back to him. Luckily by the time she sat back down at the table, he had stopped with the unsettling and incessant staring and seemed to be examining a stain on his shirt which was suddenly in his hand. \"You reckon you could give this a wash for me?\" he asked nonchalantly as he thrust the garment at her. It must have been his only shirt as another hadn't materialized on his person. \"Er sure, but couldn't you just juice it clean instead. Wouldn't that just be easier, or you know just make a new shirt appear. You seem to be well versed in magical wardrobe changes\" She said with a sly smile as Barbara had told her about how the man had changed clothes several times during their encounters without muttering a single word. \"Well, normally i could and would but there are certain things i can't change. This being one of them\" he said gesturing to the rotten, moth-eaten and mouldy dress shirt which Lydia had taken from him. She eyed the stained cloth suspiciously, she didn't have a clue how any of these stains came about; nor did she want to. She felt that if she held the offensive garment for much longer, she might catch the plague from it. \"I kicked the bucket in that one and don't ask me why but juicing it just ain't working\" Beej continued as Lydia pulled a face of disgust. Not that he would ever let on to Lydia or admit out loud, but he still wasn't up to his full strength. It was all because of that blasted mirror. It seemed to stifle his powers even though he was technically out of it. The effects hung around, leashing him to it like a ball and chain. The blood tie to Lydia certainly made him stronger. But he still had a while to go until he was back to full strength. Then he could blow this popsicle stand once and for all. Though for now, he would focus on his plan to seduce Lydia. If he could get her to fall in love with him then he would be free from his prison of glass. But if he got her to marry him then he would have free roam of both the netherworld and the land of the living to do with as he pleased. Plus having Lydia as his wife sounded pretty sweet. He imagined Lydia, clad in wedding night lingerie, moaning beneath him and writhing in pleasure. He shifted uncomfortably adjusting his pants as the familiar itch began to return. He tried to cleanse his mind of thoughts consisting of Lydia in delightful compromising positions. As he needed to gain her trust before he could really indulge in hedonistic fun with her. Luckily Lydia didn't seem to notice as she was more preoccupied with his stained shirt. He knew that the longer she allowed him to roam free, the quicker he expected his powers to return. He knew he would have a fight on his hands tonight. He would have to try and convince Lydia not to banish him back to the mirror by the night's end. But if he played his cards right, he would have a soft bed to sleep in rather than the granite mattress of his mirrored prison. \"Why does it…?\" Lydia took a sniff of the shirt and all at once the colour drained from her face. She moved the shirt away from herself and held it with her thumb and forefinger as if she was scared it would attack her. \"You know what, on second thought i don't want to know\" Lydia replied hastily. There was more of a stain to shirt ratio going on and she had a feeling that even New York's best dry cleaners wouldn't be able to lift the stains. But, she would give it a go before sending it to the local laundromat. No doubt the old couple that ran it would be horrified by what they found under closer inspection. They would in all likelihood either suggest burning the item or they would do it themselves. She quickly upped and stuffed the offending article into the washing machine. She added soap, softener and a sterilising liquid she usually used to soak any piercing jewellery in, to the draw of the machine. Considering the state of the shirt it would need all the help it could get. She added a shot of antibacterial liquid to the drum, as she powered the thing on to its most intense cycle. Hopefully, something would make it at least a little more palatable before she sent it out to the professionals. \"Here, pick something,\" Lydia said sliding a hand full of takeaway menus across the table to Beetlejuice as she sat back down in her seat, across from him. \"We haven't got all that much choice being out here in the boonies. It's gotten a little better since we moved in. There is a lovely little Thai place down near main street that delivers, or there's the pizza house which is serviceable at best. Which isn't that bad considering the guy that runs it burnt down the Home Economics room in high school. He considered his spaghetti, meatball pizza pie and burger pizza the house specials. But considering you're no longer one of the living I'm sure you will be alright with his fast food, fine dining experience\". She used heavy sarcasm on the latter part of the illogical oxymoron. The only experience she had ever got from his food, was a week of dealing with a violent bout of food poisoning. The only thing that pizza house's food was good for was a sadistic colon cleanse so it was something Lydia tried to stay away from as much as physically possible. Even mentioning the place her stomach gurgled loudly in protest at the mere memory of what that food had done to her. \"Then there's a reasonably serviceable sandwich store. Oh and then there's a Cantonese place which is actually my favourite. But hell, guests choice\" she said hoping he would choose the latter place. \"There are more places in town but they don't deliver and there is no way in hell that I'm leaving you alone in my house\" Lydia added, a little venom darkened her voice as she gave Beej a scathing look. She knew he would probably order something awful. The last thing she wanted to eat was a slice of pizza, that was dripping with absurd amounts of 'special' garlic oil and grease. Though the only thing special about the garlic oil, was that it was probably older than she was and it reeked of dinners long since past. She didn't really want to order from two different places but if he picked the pizza joint she would have to make an exception. The last thing she needed during the photo shoot tomorrow was cold sweats and projectile vomiting that would give Regan a run for her money. \"As much as i would love to see you eat a…\"? he blinked and turned back to the leaflet a look of pure confusion crossing his face. \"Salmon and cream cheese, prawn pizza. I think i will give the Cantonese place a go\". He said with a toothy grin. That pizza place was bizarre even for netherworld cuisine standards. Though it was incredibly tempting to see Lydia go through the misery of eating such a culinary mutation. He was very much aware of the photo shoot she kept talking about and he was interested to see how it would pan out. He knew she would cancel the whole gig if the food made her sick. It struck him that she was his only link to living, breathing models. He would forgo his little stunt for now. Besides, he knew she would either A: Banish him back to the mirror, while she recovered from the effects of the horrifying monstrosity, passed off as a pizza. Or B: Guilt trip him into looking after her even though he wasn't exactly the nurturing type. In fact, he couldn't possibly get any further from a comforting bedside manner. Though he wouldn't admit it, the thought of Lydia getting sick concerned him. What he was more disturbed about, was the fact that he actually found his thoughts lingering on the health of a god damned breather. As a rule, he liked to think he only cared about number one, the ghost with the most. Perhaps a very small Venn diagram of things he would be directly gaining from. Usually, his priorities were in no particular order: hookers, gambling, drinking whatever gut rot he could get his hands on and lastly whatever scam he was currently pulling. He didn't understand the newfound concern for Lydia's wellbeing. What the hell was going on with his head? The bath must have washed away all his bravado and layers of menacing aloofness he had acquired over the years. Yes, that had to be the reason for it. All he needed to do to get back in his element was play a prank or two. that would sort his head out, or at least he hoped it would. This new found feeling of, well, feeling anything but lust and his usual bolshiness was disturbing, to say the least. He didn't care about anyone but himself and Lydia should only enter the equation when it came to their bet and his plan to fuck her. He was ripped from his thoughts when Lydia spoke. \"Good because i don't actually eat meat or seafood of any kind. I'm a vegetarian\" Lydia declared which earnt a snort from Beetlejuice. \"So Babes do indulge me, why is that. Is it some sort of animal rights thing. Do you think meat is murder?\" He teased as he swung back on his chair until it wobbled on its back two legs. He waved a hand over his lap and a decapitated calf's head appeared out of thin air. The creature let out a distressed \"Moo \" as he prised open its skull. He swirled his fingers around in its head only to pull out a finger, dripping with blood and smoothied grey matter, which he then languidly began to lick off his fingers with his forked tongue. Before he had a chance to mutter \"Finger licking good\" and laugh maniacally as planned Lydia interrupted him. \"Hey, nice party trick\" Lydia replied in an upbeat manner to which Beej let out an angry growl and suddenly the cow's head was gone. \"It's more of a biology thing, eating meat makes me ill for some reason\" She replied with a sly smile knowing she had taken the wind out of his sail by not reacting to his little apparition. \"Plus i don't think it's right to eat anything that has been observed to have some sort of heightened cognitive ability. If it can think if it has a personality and has pain receptors. Meaning that yes, it can feel pain, then i won't eat it. It's a pretty simple subject really\" Lydia said with a shrug. She saw a large grin form on Beej's face and his eyes sparkled mischievously. Just as he opened his mouth to let forward a barrage of insults she interrupted him before he had a chance to utter a word. \"But I don't care what other people decide to eat, it's just my personal choice,\" Lydia said with a smile. She had accurately anticipated that beej was going to try and play it out that she was some sort of militant vegetarian. Who's sole mission was to convert the meat eaters of the world into her veggie eating ways. Beej let out an exasperated sigh of defeat. How the hell did she know what i was going to say? He wondered to himself, bringing the menu for the Cantonese place up like a shield in front of him so he could silently sulk behind it. After a few minutes of silence between the two, where only the monotonous ticking of the kitchen clock and Lydia's evenly paced breathing could be heard. \"You going to take all night or can i choose something?\" Lydia asked as Beej was taking way too long choosing his meal choice. \"Er sure, go for it\" Beetlejuice replied shortly. \"Just get me the spiciest noodles on the menu and some egg rice\" he replied hoping she wouldn't twig the fact that he was slightly lost when it came to the menu. He hadn't eaten human food for a good long while, so, he didn't have a clue what would be good. Or, if he would actually be able to taste it. Hell, he didn't even know the difference between, Chinese, Cantonese and Thai food. To him, it was all the same but hopefully, this meal would be enlightening. \"Sure thing and i still have that bottle of ghost Chilli sauce in the cupboard. That's if you want it\" Lydia replied, before she dug into her pocket and produced her mobile phone. She quickly placed their order, asking for extra chillies for Beetlejuice's meal and she ordered her usual mix of vegetable noodles and egg rice. \"Right until that arrives I'm going to go mod the coffee table back into a coffin. Feel free to help, or don't, whatever\". Lydia said dismissively as got up and quickly left the table and the Ghost behind in the kitchen. She knew he had decided to follow her as she felt a strangely comforting coldness at her back. She quickly found her tools, nestled away in a draw before she set about removing the glass lid that sat on top of the coffin. That part was easy enough, as the struts holding the glass in place were actually just outside the coffin. Sitting almost flush against the dark wood. She removed a few screws from each strut and the glass panel simply lifted off. It felt heavier than she remembered. Then again the last time she had used the coffin for its intended purpose, as a photography prop. She had a second pair of hands to help out. Raven had been there to help carry the glass and then hold the coffin top at just the right angle. So she could screw the hinges into place and insert the pins. Lydia began trying to lift the glass and not only did it weigh a hell of a lot, but it was actually taller than her. She could lift it just above her feet and it towered over her squat form. She couldn't walk properly when holding the gargantuan glass, instead she shuffled across the room the best she could. Her mind was full of images of dropping the glass and it ended up chopping off her toes. That or the sheet exploding into a waterfall of glass shards. She stumbled her way across the room to lay the glass up against the wall, when her grip began to slip. The glass slid through her fingers and instantly she felt a cold pressure against her back. Beetlejuice, finding her minuscule movements quite adorable. Had decided to help her out, just when she needed it the most. Lydia could feel his arms surrounding her, transferring his almost reassuring cold into her skin. She watched as his arms took the glass from her and stretched to an inhuman length to place the pane against the far wall. Lydia found her mouth was dry at his suddenly newfound closeness. She swallowed hard before muttering. \"Er thanks Beej\" as she tried her best to ignore the sensations that gripped her body. A crisp frost seemed to emanate from him and with him so close she felt as if she was standing inside a walk-in chiller. Except for the pressure of his body pressed against her, filled her mind with all sorts of naughty thoughts. Thoughts that she knew she really shouldn't be thinking about Beetlejuice. Yet she remembered the mysterious voice and how accurately it had depicted her feelings for him. The undeniable attraction she felt to him on a cellular level. She knew she should break his hold on her and shout at him, or try to protest in some way or another. Yet there was something so alluring that told her she was drawn to him. His hands let the glass go, propping it up so it wouldn't fall. Yet as his arms retracted they went to tangle their way around Lydia's slim waist. She gasped at this sudden feeling. it was oddly comforting to find herself in such an intimate embrace. \"No problem Babes\" he whispered into her ear. His voice had taken on that tone again that was dangerously dark again smooth. Like bottled midnight it just seeped from his voice delectably. His frigid breath tickled her bare neck and she couldn't repress the shudder of pleasure as it shot down her spine. Beetlejuice chuckled into her ear and with one swift movement, Lydia found herself pressed against the glass on the wall and she was now facing Beej. His eyes glowed their treacherous emerald as he fixed her with a look of pure lust. Lydia bit her lip nervously under his gaze, she wanted to kiss him. She couldn't help but stray an errant glance to his lips. Which she had to admit looked oddly tantalizing. Beetlejuice watched as Lydia stared at his lips while she in return worried her bottom lip delightfully. She looked so sexy doing that, nibbling away and her beautifully full pout. He felt the need to capture them. Even if it only lasted a second before she pushed him away it would be worth it just so he could get a taste of her. His grip on her waist got tighter as he brought her even closer to him. At this point, they were literally inches away from each other. He loved the way Lydia's breath hitched and he could easily hear the hammering of her heart at the sudden closeness. The way her breasts rose and fell with each nervous breath made a deep chuckle reverberate deep in his chest. He took his chance and quickly claimed her mouth in a fierce kiss. Lydia froze for a moment, panic setting in. She wanted to push him away but at the same time, she wanted to kiss him. She felt like deep inside she had always wanted to share that with him and now was the time. She relaxed into the moment and her lips melted against his. She loved the delightful burn she got from his frigid yet somehow molten kiss. She had always suspected that kissing a ghost would feel like kissing a bowl of ice chips, but the kiss was hot and full of passion. She had been kissed before and enjoyed it but this was something different. The cold that emanated from his body created a delightful tingle as their lips met and she could feel the slightest crackle of electricity somewhere in the background just waiting for its chance to consume her. ","Summary":" O k Boils and Girls this is my first chapter of my Beetlejuice Fan fiction yay. I grew up with the "},{"Movie":"A Clockwork Orange","Title":"Lost and Found","Author":"RabbitHash2016","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6818630","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Author's Note: Having a Dr. Frankenstein moment, are we, Alex fans…? I certainly hope so. ;) It would make things a lot less lonely around here. ^.^ Consider this a welcome for KissingFairies and LetItBeXO, as well as anyone else who wants to write our droogs perfectly in character, and put them into believable romantic situations where true love is something to struggle with, not just handed to them on a silver platter. Anywho…my buddy PandaLove01 asked me a few questions about some of the characters in this series a moment ago, so mmmaybe I should offer up some explanations. John and Matthew came entirely from the recesses of my imagination, while Greg and Georgina (however briefly) were originally found in the twenty-first chapter of the novel that shares the title of the movie for which I have submitted this story. It's a mouthful, but there you are. And just in case anyone's wondering why I haven't raised a finger to mention Mr. Narrator…this takes place six months after Georgie's original demise, ergo your Narrator is still in the Staja, so there you are. 'Nuff said, and on with my seventh Pete story, taking place after Don't, Sweet Moloko, Voices of Korova, Surprise Visit, Nachinat, and Mystery Malchick (in that order). Happy reading, -Weasley- Lost and Found Time doesn't stop for you when you're miserable. All it does is slow down for a while, only to speed up again when something happens to make you snap out of that misery. That was how I'd woken up from my own sadness after watching one friend die and the other turn against me; finding my way into a good Doctor's house; and so let him drive me to the nearest hospital the very next morning. I had gone along with four strangers without anything but a mind empty of thought, at least until a moment ago. Now, as I waited to see my Em, all I could think of was this: Why now ? Why did I have to wander around by myself for six months before finding someone to help me? Why had I gone with three other strangers all those years ago, and not asked any questions of those malchicks in white? Why had I trusted them so blindly? Why was I still so blind with these four new people? What did they want from me? Why was that Gigi-girl so interested in following me around? Why couldn't she just leave me alone ? These questions buzzed so loud in my head that I almost didn't hear the three knocks on my hospital room door. Em. If I didn't have a home already, and if I didn't remember that I had to get back there, I might have stayed with those four strangers instead. I knew better than to let myself get tied up with them, though, and I missed my Em besides. I missed having her at home on the weekends, when her usual round of double shifts would stop for two days out of each new week, and what we did with that time was entirely up to us. I also missed having someone around that I could trust entirely, and not fear them backstabbing me when I least expected it. For those reasons, I was relieved to find out from the nurse that she'd finally arrived. I'd been struck dumb with my own pain the last time I'd seen her, and so now I wanted to say a whole lot more. This time, maybe, I could answer her questions better if she still had some to ask of me. This time, I'd talk to her in our special language, and hope for the best. \"Thank you. Please bring her in.\" The first thing Em did was come straight to my bed and pull me into a hug. Thank God for that ! I was afraid she hated me for running off the way I had done, yet here she was, proving me wrong. That was just the start of our visit, however, for the next thing she did was release me and point at my bruises, a worried look upon her face. I couldn't be creative and say I ran into a door or fell down a flight of stairs. I had too many sore spots on my face for that, and a lot on my arms and legs besides. There was also no way for me to fake being sick, because I already had a cold coming, and a long fight with malnourishment ahead of me. All I could do now was tell the truth, no matter how bad it sounded. I was in a fight, I signed, speaking with my hands for the first time in half a year. As much as I'd surprised myself by breaking my own silence, I must have surprised her even more. Instantly, I saw her start to sniffle and rub my fingers, almost as though she could barely believe it. Maybe I couldn't, either, so I repeated myself just to prove I wasn't dreaming. I was in a fight. There were these two other boys, and they wanted to fight me, and I was too tired to run away, so I just gave them what they wanted. I felt like fighting, too, so…so I did. Maybe I got too tired of wandering around all by myself, I don't— I felt Em squeeze my hands then; a sign for me to stop signing for a moment. It was her turn to speak, and speak she did. How do you feel? She signed, looking me straight in the eye. What do you mean, Em? I signed back. I mean that I've never bothered to ask you how you're doing. A sad look crossed her face, then: I've spent fourteen years in that factory making furniture, and I don't even know what's going on in my own home. Why, Petey? Why did I let you slip away from me? You think this is your fault? I scoffed, rolling my eyes for her benefit. You didn't tell me to go looking for trouble, now, did you, Em? You definitely didn't make me go sniffing around the streets at night, or wonder if the other boys at school really did what they said they did when their parents weren't looking. That was all my fault, not yours. She didn't ask any questions about what I meant, but then again, maybe she didn't have to. The pained look on her face now was enough to tell me she might have understood exactly what I had been up to. You didn't get bruises like mine from normal, harmless nights out with friends, and neither could you earn them on dates with some girl, unless she turned out to be a kickboxer with an attitude. I was more than happy to let her do the mental math for herself, of course, because I'd finally started to realize something important. It was an odd thought that had jumped into my head, and I hadn't wanted to believe it at first, but today was teaching me to think otherwise. What if causing trouble at night only brought someone like me pain, and left everyone else either imprisoned, jaded, or dead? I had begun to understand this in the morning at Greg's house, and now that Em was here, I could understand it even more. I'd had enough of making her fear for my life every night, never mind forcing her to wonder if I'd be home in the morning. How could I, when she was practically the only family I had left? Would it be right for me to go on putting her through that agony, or else find something less violent and more comforting for us both? Did such a life exist out there for someone like me, and how would I go about finding it? Then again…was I wishing for too much by thinking these thoughts at all? What if there was no such thing as a life less violent, at least for one who had regularly done just the opposite and thought it would help him fit in? I thought this over for a moment before Em tapped my hands with a finger, signaling that it was her turn to speak again. How long do you have to stay here ? She asked me, putting one hand over my own after she finished to show her concern. Two weeks, I signed back, remembering all that had happened earlier. I'm just not as healthy as I used to be. They say I have to spend two weeks here to get over a cold, and then get my weight up since I haven't been eating as much as I need to. I'm too weak to do anything else right now. Is there something from home I should bring to you? I'm not sure if they'd let me have anything from home, actually. They could get nervous that it might have some deadly germs all over it, or something. We might want to be careful for everyone else's sake, who knows how healthy they are? More silence came between us, and even though I felt her rubbing my hands again, there was still too much that I hadn't said to her yet. For once, I hated my own shyness, and how it made me act towards my own mother. It was like someone took an invisible needle and thread and sewed my mouth closed so that I wouldn't bother talking again, at least when I felt that I absolutely had to. I wished I knew a way to make myself not feel so afraid sometimes. Too bad there was no such thing as magic, otherwise I would have drank some cure-all potion or asked some Merlin look-alike to fix me up proper. Maybe then, I wouldn't feel like I had this unseen line of stitches keeping me from talking at all. Em must have thought about this, too, because her next question challenged me to tell her everything that I hadn't bothered to say before: Petey…what happened to you?[Chapter 2] Author's Note: Wow, two comments already, and on the first chapter alone…? Methinks the tide is turning, my friends…the tide just may be turning! I wonder if I might suggest 'Clockwork Zheena' to you, so that somebody like Dan Sickles could get a steadier stream of comments as I am? I hope so, you might enjoy it as a potentially good read! ;) In the meantime, before I get too distracted… 2 Georgie's dead. There we are. Maybe I just came up with my own answer by spitting these words out to my Em. Georgie's dead. All I have to do is sign these words, and it's like something in my brain finally comes unglued. That's when some things that I thought had stayed buried start rushing back up like a flood. We'd almost ran off with some rich old man's watch collection when he showed up armed, and let us know that he'd called for the police the moment we'd broken into his house. That had been ten minutes ago, which meant the police themselves showed up ten seconds later. I'd made it out through the window and after Dim in time, but I couldn't hear Georgie coming along behind me. Instinctively I had turned my head just to make sure, only to see him fall down one moment and…and then watch that old man raise and lower his crowbar like an executioner swinging his axe, and then see a spray of Georgie's blood spill onto the white walls where Georgie himself had stood a short time before. That sight alone had been enough to pull me back to that house, to make me want to go back and save him from whatever that old man was doing…but something stronger and much more painful had yanked me in the opposite direction, forcing me to do it his way as always, and ignore my own wants to my greater depression and agony. It had always been so easy for someone else to shove their way into my life, convince me to put my own thoughts, opinions, and desires aside, and just keep my mouth shut and go along with whatever they wanted me to do for them. I'd always tried to live up to what I thought they expected of me. I'd always tried to give them what I thought they wanted from me, but it wasn't enough for them. It was never, ever enough. That was the kind of life that had dragged me into misery and pain; then three months of silence in the sanitarium; three more of silence in my own home and on the streets together; and finally here to the hospital. I felt it dragging me back into silence as surely as I had been dragged away from saving Georgie, and I felt the old panic about to erupt inside of me as it had earlier that morning. This time, though, I was lucky to no longer be by myself. This time, I had Em there to pull me back, and soon I could safely realize that her hold on me was so much stronger than all the others. Where everyone else had died, disappeared, or walked out on me, she was one of the few people who had dared to stay behind. That was the one thing I must have needed, because there she was to give it to me without question or second thoughts. And so, even though I felt myself tearing up and crying again, I did it fully aware of my surroundings this time; not caught in my own little silent world where no one else bothered to see me or talk to me. I could feel other, sweeter things alongside my own pain now—the touch of Em's hands against my back, stroking my hair, patting my shoulders to let me know everything was going to be all right. The usual smells of cold air and dirty streets had vanished, and in their places I smelled lilacs and hospital cleaner. When once I might have felt myself seize up and start breathing too fast, now I could just breathe easy, and not worry about throwing up or passing out again. Not only was I someplace much cleaner, the people here seemed a lot more welcoming to me so far. I felt warm all over, too—not just because of the hot water they'd washed me with, but also because I'd been covered up with warmer clothes and thicker blankets. My eyes were a bit clearer as well, for I could see light filtering in through the windows where I'd once seen bright, blurry spots. Could I rest easy here as I now breathed, and enjoy its unexpected comfort as long as I could? This place didn't look like home, but it felt a tiny bit like it, and I hoped that might be enough to keep me relaxed. I liked knowing that feeling again. It promised me that I might not have to wander around by myself anymore; that I might get to go home later on and be with Em like I'd used to do. Maybe it was just as well that I did, because the streets were just too damn quiet these days. Maybe it was also a good idea that I stopped wandering altogether, and started paying attention to more important things…like helping Em keep our small flat clean, for example. You didn't have to hurt any other boys or old men to do that, and neither could you risk your own life besides falling down a few slippery stairs. On the other hand…there was always that chance I could just get distracted again; led astray much too easily by the next strong-willed malchick with a rotten agenda or some hidden score to settle. Someone like that could worm his way into my life with a few well-picked words, and then with one more clever, convenient word at a time, talk me into doing whatever he wanted me to do to someone less strong-willed, whenever he wanted such things to happen, and all for his personal pleasure rather than the good of everyone else. To make sure this sort of thing did not happen to me all over again, I would have to be careful. I would have to take a good look at some new person's behavior and background before I decided to go hang out with them. Once I started, I would have to keep an eye out for words like 'They'll be sorry', 'He'll wish he hadn't done that', or 'She's about to get a big surprise'; especially if those words were spoken with total seriousness. And, most of all, I would have to remember that anyone wanting to solve a problem with a sharp object couldn't be doing so out of the goodness of their hearts. Some unexpected new way had just appeared to me, and I would need to follow such a way correctly if I wanted to enjoy it to the fullest. In the meantime, there was Em, and Em prodded at my hand before asking if I'd had anything to eat this morning. Not a crumb, I told her, letting out a small sigh. It's been kind of a weird morning, I mean. I've talked to so many people, I had no time to munch on anything. Do you feel like you could, though? Do you want to have breakfast? I could only shrug and fiddle with the edge of my blanket, because at that time, I could only feel like sleeping for a week, if not longer. How would I be able to feed myself if I had trouble lifting my hands? How could I stop Em from worrying, if I felt too exhausted to pick up a spoon to feed myself? Would she have to do it instead, pushing the fork into my mouth like I was a year old again, and unable to do much else besides let it dribble down my face? I didn't want to find out the answer to that, but a nurse came anyway, knocking on my door to let us know she'd brought a tray of food in for me. I took one look at the eggs and toast she'd given me, and soon felt my stomach turn in protest. Some part of my already-exhausted brain told me that trying to eat those eggs would be like trying to swallow glue, and that biting into that toast would be like biting sandpaper. Em, I'm too tired, I complained, letting my face wrinkle in disgust. Can't I get some more sleep first, maybe? First this, then that, Em insisted, taking the tray from the nurse and then holding one of the toast slices up to my face. I'm not hungry! Just a LITTLE bite, then…? I sighed, held up my hands in defeat, and finally allowed myself to take two bites of the toast, because I wasn't sure how long I could handle Em giving me that puppy-eyed look or begging me just to taste it. It made my gums ache a little, but I did like tasting melted butter again, and the fact that it was still warm didn't hurt me all that much, either. There, see? No harm done! The special juice next, if you can. My tray included a glass of something pink and slightly fizzy, which reminded me almost of some fruity soda save for the fact that it was foggy like juice was, and not clear like the other drink. I leaned my head forward until I was able to reach the straw, and then took three or four weak sips. It tasted faintly of strawberries, which was probably a good thing for me. I might have not been so eager to drink it if it hadn't tasted any good. There you go, Em signed, giving me a smile so like my own, one that included a small gap between her front teeth. You keep that up, Petey. You keep that up, and then you'll be well again, and then— There was another sudden knocking at my door, and soon afterwards, a pair of dark brown eyes peered curiously inward at us.[Chapter 3] Author's Note —It was feeling a bit quiet in my other fandoms, so…I decided to do another chapter just now for laughs, but no lashings. Hope it's a good one. 3 Oh, dobby , I thought to myself, watching that girl stick her head in to spy on us. You again. What's the matter, couldn't read a book while you waited? I didn't like the way she tried smiling at me or Em, even if there was something about us that she somehow wanted a part of. I would have liked it just fine talking to my mother by myself, and not having to face any unwanted interruptions. Unfortunately, things weren't working out so well for me this morning. \"Well, hello there.\" And now she wanted to talk to me, or was it Em she was interested in? With one of us unable to hear and the other unwilling to speak, would she end up having a conversation or a monologue? \"Er…is this your mum? How are you two doing today?\" I started to bite my lip and turn my head away on purpose, but Em had other ideas for the both of us. She pinched my left hand and then pointed to the girl, insisting that I answer her and sign at the same time so she could get a kick out of a little eavesdropping. There goes my peace and quiet , I thought, tossing back an edge of the blanket so that my hands would go uncovered for a while. \"We've been better,\" I answered slowly, talking and signing at the same time. \"I'm supposed to stay in this room for two weeks while they feed me up and treat a cold that's coming to me any minute. How are you doing?\" The girl just blushed and muttered something under her breath, which in turn just made me feel a bit more bothered than I'd originally felt. \"I can't hear you when you don't raise your voice, Miss…?\" Another mumble, and this time I had to ask nicely for her to repeat herself, because I wasn't quite sure what it is that I heard her say. \"Georgina Green, if I haven't said it already.\" Georgina. Why did her name have to be Georgina…? \"Is that so? I thought I heard you get called Gigi earlier.\" \"Oh, that's because of my initials. G.G., get it?\" Some part of me wished I hadn't, or better yet, that she got named Jane or Lily or some other name besides that. Why did her parents have to pick that name…? \"All right…Georgina it is. Now, back to business, uh…what was it you said earlier?\" I found myself staring a bit too long at those dark brown eyes, that reddish-brown hair, and that pale complexion, and I made myself turn my eyes away before she noticed. The look of her was too familiar for my own comfort as well, and all because something about it screamed Writer's Wife, Writer's Wife . \"I said I forgot that you said your mum was…that she couldn't hear or talk. You told us all in the white room, and well…it slipped my mind really fast. I should pay attention more often.\" Some of my annoyance faded right then and there, and I found some little part of myself wanting to hide under a rock for at least an hour over my own rudeness. I'd heard people whisper behind their hands about my Em before, and sometimes give us pitying looks, or sometimes even mutter dirty things under their breath about the both of us. She was as different as my Pee had been different, and until the time of my fifth birthday, they'd handled those differences together without ever bringing me into it. Afterwards, it had been just the two of us, and so I'd learned real skorry about what it was that some people didn't appreciate about either of them. I'd also learned all about how to give them dirty looks and how to act sensitive whenever the D-word was brought up on purpose, and so I had prepared myself for the same treatment from this Miss Georgina. Quite surprisingly, that same treatment had never arrived, either in word or in expression. Curious . \"Hmmm…maybe, if there aren't any distractions…\" She was a distraction, all right. I'd snuck another look at her, and this time she'd noticed it without a doubt, because I'd seen her grin and raise both eyebrows. \"…Distractions?\" \"Oh, you know, someone getting sick and nervous and the like…\" She was on to me. We'd talked for barely five minutes, and she was on to me. What on earth would I do next to fudge this up, peek at her groodies instead of her glazzies…? \"Is that so? Do I make you nervous, Mr.…?\" My turn for introductions. I hadn't done it when the two of us shared a car with Greg's little gang, so I had to share my name with her right now. \"Pete.\" \"Pete as in Peter?\" No, Pete as in Pete's Dragon. Shall I breathe a little fire for you and prove it? \"I guess…\" I half expected her to get bored and tell me goodbye before walking out the door…but again, she had to go and surprise me. \"Well, I promise not to forget that any time soon,\" she giggled, fixing those dark eyes of hers directly on me. \"We'll be seeing each other again, did you know?\" \" We ?\" \"Oh, yes yes yes. Greg said we'll be leaving shortly so you can have some time with your family, but we'll be back. It's always good to visit patients who are lonely, isn't it?\" \"Who said I'm lonely?\" \"Who held my hand in the back of Greg's car?\" This time, it was my turn to blush, because both Em and Georgina got a laugh out of this. This ? This wasn't natural. I'd been infamous on the streets because I'd never complained, protested, or cursed about anyone under my breath. I'd never yelled at the others in my shaika, or for that matter, talked out of turn to them either. Come to think of it, I'd never really spoken up to them at all until Alex's temper made him cane Dim across the knee. Neither, also, had I dared to talk to any devotchkas on the streets, or any ptitsas either. They had always been Alex's territory, like he claimed, because he was the only one they'd ever want to talk to or put their hands on. So…why was this devotchka so eager to talk to me, and how was it that she got me to answer her every time? \"Told ya so,\" Georgina teased, flipping a bit of hair over her shoulder. \"We'll come and check up on you the night after next, all right? We might even bring you a little Christmas candy if John doesn't eat it all.\" I wasn't sure what to say at that point, so I just nodded and attempted to look pleased with the idea of a visit. That must have been enough for Georgina, for I saw her smile in approval…and then come straight to my bedside, where she wasted no time in putting her arms around me. \"You'll take care of yourself until then, hmm? No drinking any more funny milk, right?\" \"Right right…\" \"What?\" \"Sorry, habit. I meant sure, I'll do that.\" With one last smile for us both, she was out the door, leaving me feeling dazed and my old Em with a curious look on her face. Now what was that all about, Petey? She asked me, a bit of mischief flashing in her eyes. I wish I knew, Em, I signed back, listening to Georgina's footsteps fade down the hallway into silence.[Chapter 4] Author's Note: Small fast-forward here, but hopefully it'll get some more action going…and maybe some backstory, too. Oh, yes…and somewhere in these next chapters I'll be sure to hint at a certain brainwashing procedure for a certain title character. ;) Peace out. 4 \"Just in case,\" the old doctor had told me, poking me with an I.V. needle and watching it start to drip liquid potassium into my system. I'd lost so much weight before that they didn't want my heart to get messed up, and so like any other person who's starved themselves, that was what I got. All I could think now was that I wished they had told me how much this would sting . It was just like someone had taken a britva blade and slowly dragged it through my veins, one minute at a time. I didn't know whether or not I was on fire or whether or not that I.V. needle had been sucked into my arm somehow, and was now free to travel wherever the hell it wanted. It was a miracle I could still sit up to drink more of that special juice. I felt like I'd been stabbed by a thousand angry malchicks, but I managed to pull myself up anyway, sipping that fizzy peach or lemon or pineapple like my life depended on it. Maybe it did. More than once, I felt as though I was this close to choking on it or spitting it back up, but I managed it anyway as best I could. What I couldn't manage was trying to eat or sleep, because by that time it felt like my entire body was on fire. I knew that I'd brought this on myself, make no mistake. I'd felt so miserable over watching Georgie die that I didn't force myself to eat back then, even though I probably should have tried to anyway. Did it have to feel like I was being burned or stabbed from the inside out, though? Couldn't I have gotten some special painkiller to take this stinging away? Were these people not doctors, and didn't doctors have to help people without making them hurt worse? Do no harm, they promise you…this didn't seem all that harmless to me! It was…it was cruel and unusual punishment , that's what! Why couldn't they have settled on feeding me the normal way, and not poked me with a needle at all? On the other hand…why did I even bother not eating? Why did I bother wandering the streets every night, drinking moloko when I had to and fighting when I felt like it? That sure as hell didn't make anybody from the old shaika show up again out of the blue. I was as alone as I'd ever been, and all before I decided to go up to that garden gate and cause some trouble. On the other hand…was I causing trouble by coming to that house? Had they wanted a night of playing games and drinking wine without me interrupting them? Was I just a nuisance that they were all too glad to drop off at the hospital and never think about again…? I wished my mind wasn't so jumbled sometimes. I wished that at least one person had stayed behind, if only to talk to me a while and give me the answers I needed. I wanted to see Em again, but she'd driven her way home hours ago. So, also, had that Greg and the others, if only to give me and Em some private time earlier. There might have been a small bit of time between now and the next visit from the nurse. Until that visit happened, what would I do? I tried lifting myself out of bed, careful to go one inch at a time just in case I got dizzy really fast. The last thing I wanted was to make it worse for everyone, myself included, by falling flat on my face and having to alert the emergency crew to pick me up and put me back into bed. Thankfully, when I felt the slightest bit dizzy, I would stop long enough for a few deep breaths until the dizziness passed me by. After feeling this about five or six times, I was on my feet at last, the hospital window waiting for me about ten or eleven steps away. I would have to drag that I.V. pole along with me, also, because no matter how bad it stung, it could mean the difference between a steady heartbeat and a cardiac arrest. All right, Peter Clancy, take it slow, I told myself, sliding one foot along the floor at a time, watching the ice-edged window drift a little bit closer with each step. One…two…three…four… It must still be winter out there, of course. I could see snow flurries through the window, even at this distance. I felt sort of glad that Greg allowed me inside in the first place, and didn't think to push me back outdoors into this weather. I barely survived the chill in my old white platties, didn't I…? Five…six…seven… I also started feeling glad that I'd been brought here, and not kept inside Greg's house by myself as I'd originally wanted. Nobody might have come into that room right away if I'd fallen suddenly, because I would have had no alarm button to push, and so ask help for myself on the spot. Eight…nine… Once again, I had to stop, but only to clear my head and try not to pass out. The feeling left as quickly as it had come, and with one more step, I had reached the window. … Ten! There was a blizzard out there, all right, or something very close to it. The snow that covered the sidewalks and streets alike had to be at least six inches, if not deeper. If there was ice as well as snow, that would have made things a lot worse for anyone having to drive home at this hour. No wonder Greg and his gang had to leave so fast. They might have faced white death if they'd decided to stick around a bit longer. As strange as all four of these people were to me, a part of me still wished they'd made it home all right, and maybe even found a good fireplace to stay extra-warm with. I'd always wished the best to people I barely knew, and tonight, they would be no exception. My family used to have a fireplace once… That was back when I had been four years old, still in the stage of blankies and plush animals. Age five, the stage of books, toy soldiers, and morning kindergarten seemed like an eternity away. I wouldn't have had to leave home until that eternity passed; until then, I could play as much as I wanted, and pick up any toy I liked without some other kid fighting me for it. That had been the age where my Pee showed me how to make fire. It had been as easy as changing socks for him, but back then for me, it was nothing short of magical . How was I to know that hitting a switch on a special wand would make fire appear at one end? How, also, could I have guessed that using that wand on a wood pile would just make more fire, only bigger and brighter than before? It was a sort of nice thing to see, especially on a cold day in winter and in the safety of home, no less. I liked the light; the sound of the crackling flames; and the glow of the embers, but most of all, I liked how my Pee could warm up the entire flat with just one little flicker of fire. Along with his full-time work as one of the best architects in London, that fireplace was how he took care of Em and me. Em once said to me that he could be like that fire when he wasn't at home-even though we couldn't see him, we could still feel his warmth all around us. For that reason, when the weather was really bad, I would poke Em into keeping the fire going all day to remind myself that Pee would come back after sundown, and so unwind after work with the two of us. The fireplace was the first thing we sold after he died… Sometimes I would sit there for hours, safely at home with Em or checked up on by neighbors when I had to be alone, just watching the flames dance and burn and waiting for the time that Pee would walk through the door of our flat again. The fire was like him, in a way, if a person like me could get symbolic—always warm, always alive, and always ready to shine some light on whoever was around. Then came a routine visit to the hospital for a blood pressure screening, and about four days later, I saw him complain to Em in their voiceless language that he couldn't seem to stop coughing. Not only that, but he had a bad case of chest pain and shortness of breath to boot. We didn't hesitate to take him straight back to that hospital for the care he needed, and once there, all three of us waited in silence as a list of tests were taken upon him. It wasn't until they said the words Legionnaire's Disease that I began to get scared. I didn't know how to say it in finger-spelling, and I had no idea how to write it for Pee or Em because I wasn't in school yet. All I knew was that the doctor warned us there might be blood involved, and so all I could call it was 'The Coughing-Bleeding Sickness'. Four more days, and then I found out just how right I'd been all along. Pee did cough and bleed, all right, and he did a lot of it before everything went downhill. The medicine they gave him worked for a little while…but then there was the infection, and then there was that trip back to the hospital, and then there was lung failure, and then he stopped breathing completely. Em didn't know it had happened until they sent a message to her text machine, and I didn't know what she'd been told until I woke up to breakfast burning and her sobbing on her knees in front of the oven. We never used that fireplace again, because some time after the end, Em had to have it removed and auctioned off to pay for the funeral. Any warming up we had to do was done with space heaters or blankets. No wonder we got the sniffles so easily. Am I so different from my Pee? I'm in the hospital too now. Am I going to get that Coughing-Bleeding Sickness too, and will I die the same way? I didn't want to think about that right now. I didn't want to think about how my throat already hurt a little, or how I felt a cough coming on even as I stood by the window. Neither could I watch the snow and try to calm myself down, or else think about what I got for Christmas. All I knew was that I'd get a bad cold this year, and that I still had to deal with my cut-up feet and my malnourishment besides. All I needed was a long list of medicine, time at home, food and water…and after that, what ? I would have to wonder about that later, because I heard the nurse's footsteps coming down the hall at last. I would have to get back into bed before she arrived, because most likely she would have another tray of food for me to eat. Hopefully I would be able to swallow it as well as I had the first time.[Chapter 5] Author's Note: Look, up there in the sky! It's a bird! It's a plane! It's…CHAPTER FIVE! No, seriously, it is. Come stay a while and read it, won't you? :) And uh…sorry if this is late, but um…I wanted to give out my very best, so I hope I succeeded here! 5 I'd done my best. Even though I'd had a spoonful or two of each part of my latest meal, I'd certainly done my best. I'd pulled my way through the meat, potatoes, and fruit on the side, and I'd kept them all down, too. 'One step at a time,' said the doctor, and one step at a time it would be. I'd also gotten through half of my latest vitamin drink—was it raspberry or grape-flavored? I couldn't remember. What I did remember was how my throat felt a little dry, almost like cotton or sand, and that the fruity drink they gave me helped a tiny bit. The doctor smiled and said that all this was 'A Good Sign', because it meant that my appetite was coming back, and that my strength would follow the more that I ate and drank the good things they gave me. I suddenly had trouble sleeping, though, even after I'd managed to eat at last. Something about this hospital bed had changed within minutes, for it was no longer as comfortable as the one back in Greg's special white room, and neither did it remind me of my own bed back at home any longer. The mattress now felt too hard and stiff to me, the blankets itched, and the pillows felt much too flat for me to ever get to sleep. That was not 'A Good Sign', not by a long shot. I knew that I tossed and turned for about two hours, because the clock on the wall read about twelve in the afternoon when I tried to rest after eating, and by five minutes after two, I finally gave up and stared at the ceiling instead. Was it just my imagination, or had the orderlies sabotaged this bed somehow? I knew that it probably wasn't a good idea to whine or think badly of anyone, but right now, it felt like there was very little I could do besides feel upset and miserable at the same time. I'd been looking forward to another good night's sleep ever since those strangers had brought me here, and this stupid itchy bed had just made that impossible. What would I have to do to get the rest I needed? Would I have to hit the emergency button, and then ask a long list of questions from the first person to show up? Would I have to ask the nurse for a Sominex, and would they let me have one as weak as I was? Would it be 'A Good Sign' if I needed just a little extra help? On the other hand…couldn't I just get rid of the itchy blanket, and then get to sleep that way? Maybe…if I wanted to bring my cold on faster by not being bundled up. I would still have to wrestle with those flat pillows and stiff mattress, too, and I had no idea how long that would last before my eyes closed. If my mind kept racing the way it did now, I might not rest until long after the sun finally set for the day. Could I really wait five hours for that to happen, if not longer? I didn't like that Em had gone home a moment ago, not any more, of course. She had claimed to want to give me a little time alone to sleep, but since that wasn't possible now, I wanted her back. I had half a mind to pick up my text machine and message her on the spot, if only to have one other person to talk to besides the people in the white uniforms. Maybe she might even decide to come back on her own, because she didn't have anywhere important to go until the next morning. That was when anyone with a job would be required to go back to it until the first of January rolled around. Until that time should arrive, however…I would be free to see her whenever I wanted, wouldn't I? Would it be a small annoyance, then, if I decided to send her a message right now? No. It probably would not, especially if she wanted to hear how I was doing. I felt a bit nervous and excited all at once, then, when I reached over to the bedside table to pick my little device up. She might be glad to hear about how I survived another mealtime, but might be disheartened if I also told her that I had insomnia. Still…there was no telling if I might feel better after talking to her, so I took a look at the screen anyway before setting my fingers on a few keys. It was then that I saw her message before I could make one of my own: 2:30 PM—You + Me + Your new friends = Presents? She had sent it about fifteen minutes ago, which meant that she was probably on her way over, if not also with those four new people that had brought me here. I quickly typed out a YES and then sent it back to her, just in case she or the other four really needed my okay to come. I felt my low spirits start to rise after I'd hit that 'Send' button. I'd been a little mistaken in thinking that Em would need me to speak up before she visited me a second time. She had figured out the right time all by herself, and all I had to do was go along with it because it was also the right time for me. I also felt glad that her memory was better than mine, because I had just about forgotten that there were unopened Christmas presents back at home. Then I remembered how I hadn't bought her anything, and the bad feelings returned. Would she be disappointed in me if I told her as much? Would she give me a little lecture and say that I should have remembered the date, no matter how badly I'd been feeling lately? Would she blink and wonder how I had missed the thousands of advertisements in the newspapers, on the billboards, on the television, and everywhere else? Would she just shrug it all off, and tell me that I could always get her some sort of gift card when I was well enough to come home? It hadn't even come up the first time we had reconnected this morning. Maybe she wasn't worried about it at all like I was. Then again…what if things were so bad at the factory that she insisted on her only child remembering her gifts somehow? What if she used my ill-acquired fortunes as an excuse to not forget Christmas at all this year? What if— Stop . The image of a fist hitting a tabletop snuck into my mind, and only then did my crazy thoughts finally decide to quiet down. You don't want to make yourself sick again, do you ? As if to answer myself, I shook my head and felt it clear up; then allowed myself to take a few deep breaths and release them. It would not do at all for me to work myself up into another of my panics, especially not right before a handful of guests were due to arrive any minute now. I was going to be visited by more than just two or three people for the first time in months, maybe even years. What good would it do for me to be so fearful of their arrival that I hid under the blankets like a malenky malchick, and refused to say one word of thanks to them for helping me? What good would it do to my three new friends, and my Em too, for me to not show the slightest festive spirit today? It was the lights in their sitting room that had brought me there in the first place, just as good as any Heavenly star to any Holy manger. It would be better for me to be silently happy that they were there, and to do my best to celebrate besides, right right? And, dare I say it…what good would it do to Georgina for me to be so visibly miserable? I knew that I'd upset her earlier when I exploded for no reason, and directly at her, no less. I would have to find some way to calm myself down, then, and especially if she wanted to get a happy time out of her latest visit. It would be the best thing for everyone if I did just that. Another few breaths in and out, and I felt myself feeling even better as the minutes ticked slowly by. I willed myself into thinking about anything else but my own discomfort. I forced myself to remember nicer things than the feelings of razors in my veins, or the itch of woolen blankets that were much too thick, or the hardness of a bad mattress. Instead of all that nonsense, I closed my eyes and remembered the peaceful darkness of that night before, and the way the snow fell on that house like icing on gingerbread. I remembered the sweet coldness of that water they gave me, and how it had been soothing enough to reduce me to tears. I remembered the soft comfort of that bed I'd been allowed to borrow for the night, and how warm it had been after wandering around in the snow for so long. I remembered how they, three complete strangers, had come quickly to check on me the moment they heard me moving around upstairs. I remembered how those same three strangers plus one more had taken the time to bring me to this hospital bed, when they could have just as easily sent me away on my own and then celebrated this holiday instead. Most of all, I remembered her, and how she might have had a cause for alarm from me. I saw her staring at my bruises with those dark eyes of hers. Did that mean she wondered how I got them, just like Em had wondered? She'd also gone so far as to hold my hand when she barely even knew me, never mind the fact that I'd only just met her. Did that mean she wanted to be close to me, whether or not she had any idea of who I was or what I had done before last night? The last devotchka I ran into on the street just wanted some free pol, and had no idea how I was feeling or how exhausted all that walking had made me. That one and I had been together for a while, but as with so many other things, I'd forgotten about her after watching G…after watching him die. Why had I run across another devotchka so soon, and in bad shape as I was, no less? Why was she suddenly so interested in who I was and what had happened to me? Why did her name have to be Georgina? Pull yourself together, Clancy! Again came that picture of the fist hitting the tabletop, and I heard myself whimper in pain this time. I didn't want to think about her name any more. I didn't want to think about this painful I.V., or the sound of my own whimpering, or the fact that the more I thought about anything, the more nervous I always became. I just wanted to look into her eyes again, if only to prove that she was real and not just another of my moloko-induced hallucinations. One moment later, I opened my eyes, and only then did my wish come true.[Chapter 6] Author's Note: Let me take a quick moment to welcome back GloriousVintageAndOrange to the fold, as well as her mind-twisting thriller, 'The Orange Room'. I look forward to sixteen more chapters of twists and turns if she sees fit, so…hope I get my wish. ;) Second…when I start mentioning weather in this chapter, I'm going by the system they use in the U.K. to measure temperature, i.e. 68 degrees Fahrenheit would equal about 20 degrees Celsius. Just something to remember from here on in, so nobody is left scratching their heads and wondering what I'm talking about later on. And now, without further ado… 6 Like some stroke of luck, magic, or divine intervention, Georgina had been the first of that four to return to my bedside that day. Em must have told her all about our plans for the afternoon, because she'd entered dressed well for the occasion. I very nearly smiled as I looked her over—her own welcoming smile, that curious new sparkle in her dark eyes, that forest-green dress with the trim of holly berries she must have picked out on purpose. Did she have a thing for dressing up on holidays? I would have to ask her as soon as they released me from the hospital, if not some time before then. \"How do you feel now, Pete?\" she asked me, her voice full of concern. I wished that I could have given her a complete description of how I felt, but it would only depress her. Instead, maybe a little white lie would have to do for now. \"Better?\" I rasped, my one hand crossing my first two fingers together under the blanket. \"I think I might be on the mend, I mean. My cuts don't sting like they did last night, and my black eye—\" \"—Your cuts? What cuts are you talking about?\" I stopped right there and started to imagine picking up a wooden board and hitting myself repeatedly in the face with it. So much for trying to keep all the bad stuff to myself. Taking a deep breath, I made myself sit up a bit and then slowly pulled back the blankets so she could get a good look and find out for herself. The worst about them had healed overnight, and I had been able to walk without any of them breaking open thanks to Greg's help…but the sight of them still stole the smile away from this devotchka's face. \"Oh-h-h…was it those boys you said you were fighting with? Did they do that, too?\" \"Not this time,\" I mumbled, unable to make up an excuse for this one. \"That was me walking around for too long in boots that were no longer my size. I wore myself out, that's all.\" Again with the sad face. Hadn't that time in the white room been depressing enough for her? Worse still, I had no idea what to say now that might make her feel better this time. I had barely had a scrap of attention from girls besides Madge of the Purple Wig, and as of this moment I also had no clue if she still gave a damn about me or not. Until some big epiphany should happen to pop into my head or I managed to cross paths with Madge again, I could do nothing but improvise and pray for a miracle. \"Enough about me,\" I began, clearing my throat. \"Why don't we talk about you for a bit?\" My throat ached and my veins still felt somewhat painful, but I managed to lift my arm anyway so that I could motion Georgina over. A part of me wanted to pull her close and get a good sniff of her perfume, if only to prove to myself that she wasn't a product of the moloko or of my own imagination as some other things had been. I had been almost entirely by myself for half a year, so some spot deep inside my mind had been desperate for some kind of interaction, any kind, with a conversation between myself and some friendly devotchka as an added bonus. However, I also knew that moving ahead so quickly would make Georgina nervous, maybe even terrified that I was out to abuse her in whatever way she hated the most. I couldn't do that to her. I wouldn't. Instead, I was careful to take her hand and lead her closer to my bedside, all the while smiling as warmly as I could. \"So…how are you feeling?\" \"A bit cold,\" she confessed, \"but I think I'll be all right. The heater feels very nice in here.\" \"You don't think you'll need any blankets, then?\" \"Oh no, of course not. I'm just glad to be inside.\" \"You're not the only one,\" I mumbled, feeling my face grow hot. It suddenly occurred to me that if I hadn't found my way to Greg's door, I might have frozen to death outside…and that I also might not have found my way to her, or been able to sit here and talk to her as I was this moment. There was something very frightening about that idea. \"I beg your pardon?\" Georgina asked, eyeing me strangely. \"Oh, well, you know…it's very chilly outside now, and er…the snow was really coming down last night, too. I might have caught worse than a cold if I'd stayed out there any longer than I did.\" To my relief, her expression went back to normal, and she even reached over to pull a chair up to my bedside. Things were definitely looking up. \"I should say so, silly! It's a miracle you didn't die of exposure. You didn't even have a coat on…or at least, that's what Greg told me.\" She stopped and glared at me then, the look in her eyes suddenly stern. \"What were you thinking , Pete? Wandering around in your shirtsleeves in seven-degree weather? Do you have any idea how lucky you are?\" Did I say things were looking up? I meant they were headed back downhill, and faster than I'd like. Ha ha ha . \"I didn't do it on purpose,\" I insisted, feeling my hands start to ball themselves into fists under the covers. \"I mean…I had a bit too much to drink last night, okay? I was depressed—\" \"—'Depressed', were you?\" \"Yeah, I was ! You'd be miserable too if your friends ran off and left you all by yourself !\" Now I'd said too much, and I knew it by the way Georgina looked as though she'd just been slapped across the face. She would be asking me all sorts of questions now—the names of those friends, where they lived, what they pretended to do for a living and what they really did every night, how I'd met them, how I'd let myself get drawn into their sick, twisted games, and all about how I let them talk me into harming a woman after thinking they would never put me up to such things. And once I'd given her all the answers, once I'd spat out everything I never wanted to remember any more, she would walk out that door and never come back. She would— \"Come here for a minute.\" She had her left hand still in my right, while her right had gone up to my left arm. What was she planning to do, bang my head against the bed rail? \"I beg your pardon, Green?\" \"I'm not going to hurt you, silly. Come here, and you'll see what I mean.\" Not knowing what else to do, I took a deep breath, closed my eyes, and leaned forward…and then felt myself get drawn into another hug, this time from her. Her , of all people…and on Christmas Day, no less. Was this legal ? Did she have some sort of relative on the police force ready to jump out at any moment, slap me into a pair of handcuffs, and finally bellow 'You're under arrest for public indecency'? Was she about to reach even higher and pull me into a headlock; then make me apologize a million times forwards and backwards for very nearly committing suicide by exposure to the cold? On the other hand…I started to feel comfortable again, and not just because I could no longer feel whether or not my blankets itched. It was because I could slip my arms around her waist as she held onto me, and not have to worry about her pulling away or pushing me off of her and accusing me of crossing the line. I'd let her make the first move, and for that, I didn't have to worry about making the wrong impression. Come to think of it, it was as though all the worries I'd had before were now vanishing one by one, like they were popping like bubbles or puffs of smoke thinning out into the open air. It was as though I'd never fretted over the stinging in my veins, the lack of my own sleep, or the uncomfortable parts of this bed. Instead, there was only silence, a bit more warmth than I'd had before…and roses . I could actually smell roses even though there weren't any of those flowers in bloom anywhere. Was that the perfume I'd hoped to smell a moment ago…? If so, this one definitely knew how to pick her scents. \"There, see? How does that feel?\" I felt myself calming down, but at the same time, something inside me was clamming up all over again. My eyes were swimming just as they had in the white room the night before, and I could feel myself shaking for no reason. Was I about to have another panic attack, and this time embarrass myself in front of Georgina because of it? I didn't want to make myself sick any more, and I definitely did not want to leave a mess for the hospital staff to clean up. At the same time, I didn't want to wail like some helpless baby in front of somebody I barely knew. I didn't want to fall to pieces, because I was much too old for that sort of thing…but I could feel that hole in my heart opening up again, threatening to rip me in half if I didn't do something to keep my emotions under control. There was no place for me to hide or take a few minutes to myself in, because my weakness would make me pass out if I tried to go anywhere. And if I couldn't let it out or hold it in any longer…what would I do to get rid of all this misery? \"We have time,\" Georgina whispered, gently rubbing my back as though she could tell exactly what I was thinking. \"The others won't be here for several minutes. Now…is there anything you'd like to tell me?\"[Chapter 7] Author's Note: Hiya hiya hiya, gang…just wanted to let you know I'll be headed out to the beach on June 17th until the 25th, so ah…try not to play too rough in the fandom whilst I am gone, allrighty? Anywho…it's about time for an update, don't you think? 7 \"I can't…I can't…\" There I was with one of several new decent human beings that had suddenly appeared in my life, and I found myself completely unable to talk to her. My own misery had already seen to that. I could barely swallow without my eyes watering, and so also could I not say a single word without feeling the sobs catch in my throat. What was wrong with me? This wasn't natural, because it was happening much too quickly. This shouldn't have happened at all until at least two months from now, long after I had gotten back on my feet, reached my normal weight, and finally gotten my life back into some sensible form of order. This shouldn't have happened, period , because the group I'd once gone out every night with insisted that we all behave like men, and not worry or weep like little girls. Instead, I was malnourished, trapped in a hospital bed with no chance of escape, holding on to a complete female stranger…and crying . It didn't take a simple favor like a free glass of water to get me started this time. All she had to do was pull me down to her level and, against my better judgment, my eyes and my throat joined forces to finally let the waterworks loose. \"Oh, yes you can…just let it out. You'll feel better afterwards, I promise.\" Feel better? Easy for her to say. She was in the prime position to get stabbed in the back in every way imaginable. A meaner malchick would have done exactly that, and maybe also torn a giant hole in the back of her clothes so that he could get them off easily right before raping her . Why did she have to go and be so careless with her own safety? She wasn't a doctor. She wasn't a therapist. She wasn't even one of those special nurse practitioners that could switch between stethoscopes and lowering bedrails. There was no logical or ethical reason for her to do any of this, because whatever this was, it was doomed to fail any second now. Except…except it wasn't failing at all. My eyes stung, my throat ached, and my heart felt like an iron weight inside of me…but I still allowed myself to weep, and made no attempts whatsoever to hold anything back. This girl knew absolutely nothing about me save for my name and how I'd come to be at Greg's house, but she still insisted on holding my face against her shoulder like…like I'd somehow turned into a child, and she the mother. \"…I can't do this anymore!\" \"You can't do what anymore, Pete?\" \"All…all of this, Green. I can't keep wandering around alone and fighting by myself and…and not know if I'm gonna live or die every night or—or not letting anybody else know until…until…\" \" Sh-h-h-h .\" She was running a hand through my hair now, an act I found to be both comforting and maddening. Had I been worried about moving things forward too quickly? She was the one who had to get up close and personal instead, leaving me blameless and nervous at the same time. Didn't she know how to keep her hands to herself? On the other hand…all this isolation had clearly put a crack in my rasoodock, a crack I had no idea how to mend or fill up again until it healed. Was it really so hard for me to get close to someone else now? Had I become so distrusting that I wanted nothing to do with anyone, even when their intentions were one hundred percent honorable? The answers were much too painful for me to imagine. Did all of this nightly activity turn me into a hollow shell somewhere back outside, leaving me useless and unable to show my feelings to someone? I didn't want to be that sort of person any more, if I had indeed become just that. I wanted to be normal again. I wanted to be me . \"You don't have to keep wandering around alone if you don't want to, silly. Would you like to hear a little secret?\" On the other hand…my eyes were wet, my hands trembling, my body choking on my own pain…and all because she'd suggested it. No—because she'd encouraged it. Was it better for me not to hold everything in any longer? Was I fretting over nothing, and would I truly feel better once I'd let out a few more tears? It bothered me that I couldn't figure this complex problem out as fast as I'd hoped to. I was the one who had been expected to see all the details as my gang's lookout, and now I couldn't even see inside myself to find out what was happening to me. Was she filling in for me in this regard? Somewhere inside, a part of me wished it were so. If it hadn't been for her, I might never have let this pain out at all, let alone spoken up better to the others once she'd walked into the white room. Was it really so bad to vent after all, especially around her …? \"A…a what?\" \"A secret,\" Georgina repeated, still stroking my hair as though to calm me down even more. \"Like I said, you can stop wandering right now if you really want to. I know a way you can stop. Greg himself suggested it to me right before I left for this place.\" Whatever I was about to say, it halted in my throat before I could let it out. Suddenly I felt numb and a little heavy, like someone had tied invisible weights to my arms and legs to keep me from going anywhere. I could still think, though, and all I could think was, 'Oh, please, not this again!' I was in danger of falling into old habits. There was no other word or sentence for it, because I was one step away from sentencing myself to another round of submission and obeying without question. \"Greg has an idea, eh?\" I heard myself rasp. \"Does it involve bringing me into your little gang without any background checks as to who I am?\" Now it was Georgina's turn to be nervous, because she pulled away enough for me to see the fearful look in her dark eyes. \"What do you mean, Pete?\" \"Why no questions? Why no metal detectors? Why no policemen…or policewomen , even? Did you even look to see if I was armed or not?\" \"Because you were unwell, and you needed our help, that's why,\" she answered me flatly, even though I could hear that telltale waver in her voice. \"As to whether you were armed or not…well, whatever weapons you did have are probably still at Greg's house. You left your other clothes there, remember?\" A small pang of guilt struck me at that moment. I did remember leaving my old things there, which also meant that I had just shown anger towards this girl for no reason. By giving me a change of clothes and not telling me where they put everything else, these four strangers had just kept a giant fight from happening. There was no question who the enemy was here, of course, and that made my guilt sting a little bit worse. \"So…so then…you don't think I'm a threat? I could still grab you; try to pin you down somewhere…\" \"…And you'd see me hitting the emergency button to call the staff,\" Georgina countered, the frightened waver fading from her voice. \"You'd be outnumbered four to one in minutes. There! What do you think of me now?\" There was a hard-edged look in her eyes now, an expression that told me flat out, ' You can't get rid of me that easily. I came here to help you, and I'm going to help you no matter what happens to me in the end. ' It was more than enough to make my own resolve shatter to pieces before her. Instead of fighting her physically or verbally, all I could do now was falter and pray that she wouldn't change her mind. \"I'm a manipulative trickster, aren't I?\" I sniffled, wiping my eyes dry and waiting for her words of rejection. \"I shouldn't be agreeing to go anywhere with you all; we barely know each other—\" \"—Not even as a favor?\" she pressed, reaching down to stroke the back of my hand with her thumb. \"Is it just a favor, or did I pressure you into this with…with my bad behavior, or something? Are you sure I'm not playing you into sympathizing with me?\" I didn't trust myself with the way I was acting. Come to think of it, I probably would not trust myself for quite a while, even if I was on the mend and could think a bit clearer than usual. There was always that chance something could go wrong with me and against someone else, and so I would have loved nothing better than to withdraw until I was sure it was safe for other people to get close to me. That did not seem to stop Georgina in her tracks, however, for she went on stroking the back of my hand and smiling as though to reassure me. \"I don't know,\" she said quietly, glancing off into space. \"I mean, Greg said you might have some physical and mental issues to work out, so there are always those…you didn't like the idea of leaving your mother alone either, remember? Causing trouble just doesn't sound like your—\" She suddenly went silent as three knocks sounded upon my hospital room door. \"Who do you think is out there?\" I asked, but not without gingerly touching the back of one of her hands in return. \"That just might be your Em with the presents,\" she told me, pulling away from me and standing up. \"I think it's time to celebrate the season now.\"[Chapter 8] Author's Note: Hiya hiya hiya gang…I'm baaaaaaaaaaaaaaack! *ahem* This next chapter might be a bit shorter than the others, but that's just because I wrote it down in a notebook before typing it up. The next one should be the usual length, I promise. Anyways…happy reading, and don't forget to leave a comment! 8 Tonight was my very first Christmas inside a hospital bed, and hopefully also my last. I still felt a little shaky as Georgina went to open the door, even slightly nauseous, but I managed to pull myself into a sitting position as my visitors entered. First came Greg with a few small parcels in a box; this was the doctor who'd gone through so much trouble to look after me and bring me here. I would have offered him a chair if there had been more than one, and also one for all the others. However, as there was only one chair at my bedside, I offered him that one as a resting place for his box, which he accepted. \"How are you feeling now, Pete?\" he asked me, moving aside to let Em come in with two parcels of her own. \"Better,\" I lied, hoping he hadn't noticed my wet eyes or the remainder of my sniffle. \"Georgina kept me company right up until the moment you knocked.\" \"What sort of company?\" Matthew asked automatically upon entering. I wasn't sure I liked the strange look on his face or the tone of his voice, but fortunately, I wasn't alone. \"Never you mind,\" Georgina snapped, rolling her eyes as she closed the door behind him and John. \"Pete, do you need an extra pillow?\" \"Er…no, I mean…I'm okay. Yes.\" I barely ignored Matthew's glare in time to focus on her, because it had very nearly squashed my resolve beneath it. Thank goodness Gigi had been there to calm me down somehow. \"Does anybody need help handing things out?\" \"I've got theirs and your Em's got yours,\" John said to me. \"How are your nerves today?\" \"Fine, I guess,\" I answered with a shrug. \"I haven't thrown up since this morning, if that's what you mean.\" \"And your cuts? Are those healing all right, d'you think?\" \"Maybe. Probably. I guess so.\" I heard my own voice suddenly turn bitter. \"Why all of this attention? Wouldn't it be better if I just scheduled a doctor's appointment?\" \"A routine house call, nothing more,\" Greg said evenly, motioning John, Matthew, and Georgina over to the chair. \"We'll worry about the appointments later. Now…who's first on the list? Ah, here…\" My feelings about four people acknowledging my existence after so long were clouded, maybe even somewhat ambivalent. On the one hand, some part of me warned that it wouldn't last very long, and that I just might be better off if I left them behind before they could do just that to me first. On the other hand, there was a different part of me that wondered if I'd gotten too used to the silence, and if so, had I possibly forgotten what it was like to be part of a group? I didn't have time to think those things over, though, because I felt Em nudging my hand and tapping one side of my face so that I would look at her instead. I'm here, I'm here, I assured her, giving her my full attention. What's all this, now? Open them up and see, she urged me, passing me the larger of the two so that I would tear its wrapping paper off first. That one was most likely a new sweater for me, because Em knitted a new one by hand every year for me and Christmas Day. What I expected was the same sort of sweater I got when I was still in school—plain collar, dark background, and a somewhat lighter color to make my first initial on the front. What I found when I opened up the parcel turned out to be completely different. Through my current weariness, I slowly took note of its V-shaped collar, its lack of sleeves, and its single color of gray-blue with no letters whatsoever sewn into its front. It looked exactly like something a smart, accomplished person like my Pee would have worn, not a sick, imbalanced malchick like me. That was what made this Christmas feel a little bit strange. What do you think? Em asked me, putting an arm around my shoulders. Em, I…I… I was so thrown off guard that even my sign language was riddled with stammering. … This is an adult's sweater, isn't it? Of course. You're well past eighteen now, aren't you? Well yes, but I can't…I don't feel like it, and… It's all right. She tapped the backs of my hands then, suddenly wary of our company. Perhaps we should talk about this tomorrow, maybe by ourselves? I wasn't sure what she meant by 'tomorrow', because tomorrow would mean going back to double shifts at the factory while I stayed here, doing my best to get well and hoping I didn't catch any other viruses in the meantime. I supposed she could switch a shift with someone else or call off in order to visit me, though, so I nodded my assent. I would have a lot to talk about with her, and my new friends might not understand it all if they happened to listen in. I would save that conversation for after my release from the hospital. Until that time came, I would try and focus on happier subjects instead. \"Well, aren't you the mind reader today?\" Like the presents my rescuers received, for example. I glanced over at them at just the right time, because Georgina, John, and Matthew had all received new books from the good Doctor himself. \"I did catch you eyeing the one on the shelf last week, after all. There's no shame in indulging once in a while, is there?\" Each book had something important to do with them, if my mind was working correctly as I peered at the covers. Georgina's seemed to have a set of printing blocks, John's had something to do with medicine, and Matthew's appeared to have an interest in locking systems. If I wasn't too tired or too weak tomorrow afternoon, I would have to ask them a question or two about those books when I got the chance. \"Probably not, probably not…hey, come take a look at Pete's present!\" That warning voice inside my head decided to speak up once again, and this time, it told me that a homemade sweater would give away my family's troubles with money. For that reason, my reflexes made me want to hide it as fast as I could—but only until Georgina picked it up and showed it off to the others, her smile never wavering for a second. \"See this? Thanks to his Em, he'll never have to worry about getting cold again!\" Did I think she would laugh at me for this? Had I worried about not getting anything bought from a shop window like the rest of them? If I had, then maybe it would be a much better thing to stop right there, and not worry or think such things any longer. I watched her fold it up again and place it into my waiting hands, but not before feeling myself blush nearly as red as her hair. \"Oh, and there's another one over here, I think…right by your arm? Why don't you open that one, too?\" Still blushing and trying to avoid her eyes, my fingers turned clumsy as I tore the wrapping paper off a little bit at a time, my own hands slipping and almost dropping it every few seconds. After what seemed like long minutes rather than mere moments, I finally read the title of a book of my own: \"How to Draw Your Own Comic Strips.\"[Chapter 9] Author's Note: I deliberately played hooky from my stories so that I could read 'A Dance with Dragons' by George R.R. Martin. Now that I'm done…it's back to work, I suppose. Maybe I'll stop at fourteen chapters, maybe I'll do more…but anyways, here's chapter 9! 9 Within what seemed like fractions of a second, I'd gone from feeling safe in my own little world to becoming the center of my guests' attentions. No sooner had Georgina spoken up than Greg and John came over for a closer look, and Matthew remained standing in one place even though I could see him scanning the title of my book over for curiosity's sake. There was no doubt in my mind now that I had answered one of my own questions—I had been by myself for far too long. \"So today we have an artist,\" Greg observed, smiling down at me. \"Nearly,\" I mumbled, staring down at my blankets on purpose. \"I haven't tried anything new in months.\" \"Why not…?\" \"Because I didn't have the strength or the concentration, that's all. You'd be the same way if you starved yourself, wouldn't you?\" \"Of course.\" He looked away for a moment, almost looking apologetic if my eyes were working correctly. \"You'll have plenty of time to get all that back, though, I hope. This room should be restful enough, I don't think—\" \"—'Restful'?\" I laughed coldly. \"These blankets itch and this mattress feels like stone. How is that supposed to be restful?\" \"They itch because you kicked your sheet off, silly,\" Georgina laughed, pointing down at the floor. \"Why don't you put that one back on and see what happens?\" I wished that I could have laughed along with her, but I felt myself blushing too hard for that. It wasn't fair to her for me to be so rotten. It wasn't fair to any of them, especially Em, for me to be acting like this. A part of me wanted to hide under those blankets and somehow make myself disappear until I could be sure that I was alone again. There would be no walking out on me, though, not with this 'good Doctor' as this group's obvious leader. Instead, I just stared down at the floor and reached for my fallen sheet, which Georgina handed back to me without hesitation. \"Sorry…\" Having my sheet back made a big difference, because after I put it back in the proper place, I felt a bit more comfortable and barely noticed the itch of the wool blanket at all. \"That's okay. It's going to take a lot of adjusting for you, I'm sure?\" I felt my tongue start to knot up, so I just nodded and mumbled, \"Maybe.\" That seemed good enough for Georgina, because I noticed a bit too well how she smiled and pulled the blankets up closer around me, almost as though she were tucking me in or something. What on earth was with this devotchka? Did she have a thing for sick weirdoes, or what? \"There you go. How does that feel?\" \"Better.\" I thought about trying to go back to sleep, and maybe also sending the others safely back to their homes, but soon I found out that I needed to do something slightly more important first. Roughly speaking, I had some business to take care of. \"Um…I think I have to go.\" \"Go? What do you mean by—\" I quickly jerked my head towards the restroom's door, and then it was Georgina's turn to blush. \"Oh-h-h…all right then. Er…do you need any help to the door?\" All I had to do was glance over at the three men behind her, and John came right away to help me leave my bed without fainting or falling. \"This won't take us more than a few minutes,\" he promised Greg and the others, slowly pulling me to my feet. \"Don't worry, I haven't forgotten our other plans.\" How strange it was that I could not easily do what I must have done a million times over. I was still so very weak that John had to hold me up by one arm just to get me inside. It was nothing short of embarrassing to have to do such things, but I knew it would be all the worse for me if I didn't go about my usual business without any help from my new companions. At least I was rewarded with some privacy once he got me to the door, for he politely waited outside until the time came for me to come out again. I had to admit that I feared I might see blood once I was done, but thankfully that nightmare didn't happen to me in the slightest. In the meantime, though…what did happen was a load of talking between the two of us. \"Still feeling grievous?\" John asked me, talking through the cracked door so that no one would eavesdrop on us. \"Grievous about what?\" I muttered, holding onto the rim of the toilet just in case. \"You know bloody well what, silly. We both do. How long has it been since you lost them all?\" \"Lost…?\" Leave it to him to reopen old wounds at a time like this. \"Six months, maybe…why do you ask? What's that got to do with you ?\" \"A lot.\" I heard him go silent for a moment, then: \"It's been almost two years to the day for me. I was the only one who made it to Greg's door, and I lived to tell the tale later on as well.\" The only one. I hadn't expected to hear that sort of thing from John, at least not until I heard him speak Nadsat to me. Now it made a bit more sense…but not without me getting a sinking feeling in my stomach over it. Would he behave like a lewdie from my old shaika, or would he act a lot more savage to me later on just like another of them was famous for…? \"So then…the rest of yours snuffed it?\" I heard him let out a low, mirthless laugh. \"Yeah. They did.\" Our conversation paused long enough for me to pull the lever; then I used the rim of the toilet to steady myself until I reached the sink. \"How did you get through those two years without losing your head?\" \"Rather easily, once I found all sorts of help.\" Help. Right. He made it sound so easy, like you could just go outside and pick a psychologist off of the nearest tree, or get in touch with the nearest therapist just by hitting 'Zero' on the cell phone. Would I find the right person for that after a small search online, or if I skimmed through the right sort of phone book? And if not there…then could I count on these newcomers to stand in for that psychologist or therapist instead? \"I think I'm ready to get back into bed,\" I told him, once I'd finished washing my hands and using a few paper towels to dry them. By then I was feeling a bit more sluggish, and maybe also slightly drowsy as I leaned on John's arm. My bed seemed so far away from where I stood; yet after several little steps and a few deep breaths, I managed to get there without falling. If I make it out of here, I'm sending them homemade thank-you cards, I promised myself, slipping back beneath the blankets and bundling myself up as much as I could. By then everyone except Em had gathered up their books and coats, a sure sign that the foursome was heading home. Words couldn't describe how much I wished Em and I could have joined them. \"Will I see you tomorrow?\" I rasped weakly, my head sinking into the pillows behind me. \"Probably the day after,\" Greg said, pulling a stocking cap onto his head. \"Why…?\" \"Work for us, and time alone with your Em for you. No doubt you'll have plenty to talk about, I'm sure?\" I felt a little confused after hearing that, but I blocked it quickly out of my mind. It was just a mere coincidence. After all, it wasn't as though someone could eavesdrop on sign language, now, could they? \"You look after yourself now,\" Georgina giggled, poking me in the side. \"You'll be on the mend when I get back, won't you?\" \"I'll do my best,\" I promised, allowing her to give me one last hug before she followed Greg into the hallway. \"Remember what we talked about,\" John said in a whisper, glancing between me and Matthew. \"I've got a feeling Greg's going to want to help you out any day now. You'll know the right answer to give him when the time comes, I hope?\" \"I hope so, too,\" I answered. Let him think on that whatever he wanted. As for me, I was close to giving up on the idea of four-man groups, or even four men and a woman as long as she was safe around the others. Maybe Matthew was starting to think twice about the idea, too. I saw as much on his face right before he left, and I could have sworn he even snorted at me. How's that for a goodbye? They seemed nice, Em observed, going about the room and turning the lights off until it was just one corner lamp glowing by my bedside. Do you really think they'll come back…? I don't want to think much of anything right now, Em, I confessed with a small sigh. I just want to sleep and stay asleep for once. Then go to sleep, she teased, pulling the covers close around me and then gently stroking my hair. I fell straight into Dreamland before fifteen minutes had passed.[Chapter 10] Author's Note: Deep psychotherapy for sociopaths? Tend and befriend instinct for women? Richard Connaught in a Youtube video? Sometimes the Internet is generous... 10 By sunrise the next morning, my throat felt sore, my nose stuffy, and my head was almost in a total fog. My first drink of the day was hot black tea with an orange slice floating on the top, and that was soon chased down with a spoonful of orange medicine that tasted strangely like liquid Ben-Gay. As much as it soothed my throat's soreness for a time, that gradually gave way to coughing and blowing my nose into various tissues. My very first day of suffering from a winter cold had finally arrived. The doctors and nurses were very patient with me, though...thank goodness. I received quite a few cups of cold water that morning, because they told me it would help my throat. I also learned the benefits of warm toast with melted butter and sliced peaches—not only was the first easy on my sore throat, but the second gave me a few extra vitamins to fight it. I silently imagined myself holding a peach-shaped ice cube against my throat as I finished them off one bite at a time. That would have been funny and soothing all at once, as long as I didn't have to deal with it melting in my hands. Then I snapped back to reality with my last swallow, and had to blow my nose for what seemed like the fiftieth time since I'd woken up. Someone was knocking at my door, and the orderly had let them in on the spot. It was Em as promised, and she'd brought along a stack of letters with her. I had no problems using sign language today, because it would help me rest my voice for the time being and communicate well in the meantime. Hi there, Em... We couldn't hold hands or hug, because then I would most likely give her what I'd caught. That didn't stop her from smoothing my hair back or kissing me on the forehead, though. Hello to you too, Petey. How are you feeling today? Even though I wanted to crawl under my blanket and hide, I did my best to smile anyway. I'm sick as a dog. How are you feeling? She gave me an identical grin back, complete with a little space between her front teeth that matched my own. Oh, I'm just fine. Better, now that I know you're safe. Her expression got so serious so quickly that I felt a shiver jump up my spine. I'm afraid we might have a more urgent problem on our hands, though. Urgent? I signed, blinking once or twice. What do you mean by 'urgent'? She refused to meet my eyes as she dropped the pile of letters into my lap. It wasn't until after she'd drawn away a few steps that she decided to look at me again. Petey...didn't you tell me that you had a job already? My hands started to put together a response, but soon I found myself dropping them just as fast as I'd tried raising them. There was a message stamped with the word 'Urgent' in large red letters, and I felt a shiver travel up my spine at the sight of it. I might have been able to fool Em on my pretend employment because my real nightly activity had earned me handfuls of the shiny stuff to bring home and show her. What I could not do was show that same treasure to whoever worked at that Office, because then they would be able to add up the evidence and report me to the nearest policeman. Fine time for this to come up , I thought, feeling the weight of Em's stare as I struggled to come up with an alibi. I had expected a long talk about us finding work for me together, not a short question about one of my various past lies. From the look on Em's face, she'd expected a quick explanation as to why I was receiving letters stamped in red from the State Job Office...and definitely not a stunned silence. That was the last thing she'd ever hoped to see from me. Well, Peter Michael Clancy? I'm listening. How come you seemed to have all that money from working half a year ago, and don't have any now...? Whether it was from my sickness or the fact that I was bundled up pretty tight, I couldn't tell. What I did know was that I felt a sweat coming on as I forced my fingers to cooperate, and so begin to air out all the dirty laundry of my past life. Well, first I had a rough time getting along in school, remember? After I got out of the elementary classes, right? It felt like it was just me, so...so I found this one group of boys who I thought would help keep me safe from the bullies, but—but not really, and so then...so then there was this other group that came along, and then we started having pretend fights with each other, and... I snuck a look back at Em, half expecting her to look angry or start yelling at me with her hands. Instead, she just wrinkled her brow and motioned for me to continue, almost as though I had worried her instead of frightening her. … And then we started fighting other people...well most of the time, other boys our age, but then we found these rich old folks, and— Em suddenly raised her hand for me to stop, and I felt that old lump settling in my throat again, reminding me that this wouldn't be good. — Wait, wait. You're telling me you got involved in some sort of fighting club? I hesitated for about three seconds...then I made myself nod in agreement. If we had been that clever to start with, we would have made it solely for organized fights in some kind of ring, and we might have earned money in a good way even though the State would have never given us permission for it. Still...the little battles we had between our gang and all the others were as close to actual battles as we had ever received, and as long as we didn't lose, we'd have had a lot of experience to brag about later. And then...some rich people came along, and started tossing in their money to bet on the winners? Sometimes the lie was so much more merciful than the truth. I closed my eyes and grimaced after hearing this, and Em automatically took it as a sign of me confessing my guilt in the matter. I don't believe it! You've been gambling? I managed another small nod, but not without thinking, With my life. No other words could describe that except the ones I never wanted to sign or say out loud. Thanks to my Em's improvisations, I might not ever have to. Oh, Petey. Why didn't you tell me this as soon as it happened? Because you were always away, that's why. I smiled wistfully just to let her know I wasn't angry with her, but inside, my heart was pounding from the stress. I mean, truthfully, Em...double shifts every night, except on weekends! You didn't get home until one in the morning, and by then every other person on this island would be in bed, me included. What could I have said about...about any of this? I watched her lean forward in silence; then hide her face in her hands and start to sniffle. It wasn't fair that I had to be sick at a time like this. If it had just been me not eating that had me in this bed right now, I would have gone straight to her and hugged her without any second thoughts. Thanks to my stupid cold, that just wasn't possible even though it was the only thing I wanted to do. Instead, I could only hang my head and stare at my hands as they clenched the edge of my blankets, completely helpless with my own mother crying in front of me. I sat there without signing a word for about five minutes, maybe longer if my mind didn't count the seconds correctly. I hated myself for bringing this on—my malnourishment, my sickness, even all this suspicion about me and my tiny family just because I didn't have the guttiwuts to say no to a few smooth-talkers of the streets. There was only that one letter to hold my attention in the meantime, because that word on its front, that 'Urgent' stamp in red, had raised all sorts of worries and questions inside my mind. I might have had Em's help in creating an alibi for her, but what would I say to this State Job Office since I knew I would have to write back immediately? As if to answer me, Em dried her eyes with the back of her hand; then drifted back to my bedside and opened it by tearing one of its corners across. I pulled the letter out, unfolded it, and read just enough to learn that I had exactly three days to explain why I had not visited the Job Office, and that I would have to include any necessary medical papers or other forms to prove my claim. If I succeeded, then there was always a chance of me receiving a federal pardon as well as some assistance in finally choosing a job for myself, effective as soon as I was proven to be physically able to undertake it. If I failed to do that, however, then the Office itself would send the police after me for occupational delinquency...and after that, I might even have to spend some time in a low-security prison until the State ended up choosing a job for me. There was no question for me on which way I would have to go, though. I'd already figured out the answer about ten seconds after hearing the entire message. Em, do you have a pen? I signed, my brow wrinkling in concentration. Right here, she signed back, handing one to me once she had fished it out of the bottom of her purse, along with a small notepad that I silently whispered thanks about to anyone up above that might be listening. Barely thinking of anything but protecting myself, I began to scribble out this message: To whom it may concern: Please excuse my terrible lateness at doing what was expected of me so long ago. I had easily been drawn into a fighting club for gambling purposes about three years ago, which finally disbanded early this summer. A short period of time after that, I was treated in a mental health facility from June until September, and from October to the present I had tried treatment with a therapist, but with very little results. At the present time, I am in the State Hospital undergoing treatment for malnourishment and a winter cold. Please also accept any enclosed documents with this letter, as I wish to clear my name before the State Court and begin to live a more productive life. Thank you for your time. Sincerely, Peter M. Clancy Thanks, Em, I told her, handing her the pen back along with my finished letter. Em was able to smile a little after hearing this, and once she'd stored both back inside her purse, she wasted no time in holding my teacup to my lips so that I could enjoy the last of my tea. A lukewarm drink like that never tasted so good in my life. I'm glad that's over, she signed slowly, reaching just far enough to ruffle my hair. In return, I handed her my tissue box, because if I couldn't comfort her directly, at least I could make sure she was able to dry her eyes. So am I, I agreed, quietly hoping that this letter was the last of my troubles. Unfortunately, as I would find out within a few days, my troubles were just beginning.[Chapter 11] 11 Today marked day three of my two-week stay in the hospital. I'd woken up at six o'clock sharp in the morning, and no thanks to a borderline nightmare, I hadn't been able to make myself go back to sleep. Last night, I'd dreamed that I stood in the middle of an argument between a scruffy beggar, a rich merchant, and a beautiful princess, and that each of them wanted me to kill the other two in return for some sort of reward. \"Off that fancy man and that whore,\" the beggar rasped, \"and I'll share the last of my wine and the scraps from my table with you for the rest of my life.\" \"Get rid of this rabble,\" the merchant sneered with a smile, \"and you'll have wine and food together, along with a large sum of gold all to yourself.\" \"Execute these men,\" the princess commanded, \"and not only will you have wine, food, and gold until the end of your days, you will also have my hand in marriage and as many heirs as I can provide.\" Next I dreamed that I'd gone from wearing plain old brown farmer's clothes to a big shiny silver suit of armor, and that I'd also found a nice sharp sword in my hand to do the killing. First, I took the beggar's head in one big shive, only instead of any blood there was a pile of red sand falling into the grass. This made the merchant laugh to himself and the princess to smile just a little, because they didn't know if I was going to go after them next or go straight for the other. The merchant didn't have very long to wait, however, because then I jabbed my sword through his heart and caused another wave of red sand to fall to the floor. Finally, once the sand stopped falling, there was just me and that princess left behind, and the princess clapped her hands together like she was honoring some kind of performance from me. \"Bravo, bravo, Peter,\" she cheered, raising a hand to beckon me closer. \"You've just made the right choice!\" \"Not so fast, Highness,\" I heard myself say just as a tiny gold ring appeared on each of our hands to magically seal our bargain. \"You'll have to bleed a little yourself for me to get some heirs, won't you...?\" That was the exact moment that I woke up, because some part of me knew that princess was about to get her fancy white dress torn open and didn't want the rest of me to witness it. Strangely enough, though, that wasn't quite the entire nightmare for me. What bothered me the most was that I had woken up hard down below when I had been perfectly normal and soft upon going to sleep. \"Oh, choodessny,\" I almost whimpered, feeling myself blush almost down to my collar. It didn't feel right that I should have that sort of sneety in a public place like this. It would have been much better for me to go through such things at home, where nobody in any special white uniforms would notice and start asking me any odd questions about myself. Still...the bathroom door was wide open, and since I'd managed to swallow a large dinner the night before, I had the strength to get myself there safely and make myself go back to normal, too. Afterward, I took a few good breaths in and out, said a few prayers just in case, and walked myself back to bed where I stayed until the morning orderly brought me breakfast and more hot tea with the trademark orange slice on top. With my sore throat and my need for food, I was all too happy to chew every bite of that cinnamon oatmeal, and wash it down with that tea one sip at a time. As much as I felt just fine with eating, though, the orderly still came and went much too fast for my liking. It would have been nice to get them to stay a bit longer. Unfortunately, I'd gone and made my mouth too full of food to say anything to them, and I hadn't taken the time to get their attention. Now it was just me, a few empty plates, and a used set of silverware; and probably no one to come back and get them for a good thirty minutes, at least. I was stuck on my own yet again until they returned, and I wasn't quite sure what to do with myself in the meantime. What time were Greg and the others coming to visit me? Seven o'clock? Eight? They might have told me a while ago, but I might have easily forgotten since then. Maybe now was a good time for a rest, because Em had always told me a person could help get rid of a cold by taking all the naps they could during the day. It was only six forty-five in the morning anyways, so at the minimum, I could get fifteen minutes in and just add an hour to that for the maximum. My mind felt a little bit clearer as I mentally patted myself on the back for making the right decision. When Greg and the others came, they would see me somewhat rested and bundled up, and possibly also well-taken care of because I'd eaten a full meal earlier this morning. I might also be more alert and willing to talk thanks to all those friendly nurses and orderlies checking in on me around the clock. What would we talk about first when they arrived? The weather? Me finding my first real job? What we should do as soon as I was released? I knew it didn't matter to me, just as long as we talked about something interesting. In fact, I had a tiny feeling that I couldn't wait for them to show up again. I almost giggled out loud as I made myself snuggle back under the blankets; then flipped the switch in order to turn the overhead light off. Things were starting to look up for me, even if only just a little, and so I felt a warm little spot of eagerness to see what was in store for me and my new friends. Unfortunately, just as I'd closed my eyes and taken a few deep breaths to settle myself down, I heard a new sort of knocking on my hospital room door. There were five short raps and then two long ones, very nearly like the beats of a short song or the notes of a catchy jingle. I would have known that style of knocking anywhere, no matter how long it had been since I'd seen its owner last. Madge of the Purple Wig had come back for seconds. \"Oh, choodessny !\" I'd barely remembered her flirting with me at the Korova a few nights ago, but I suddenly realized she would have remembered me loads better than I thought. She'd been there with Vicky and Laine during that fateful week which ended with little Alex going off to prison, and she hadn't budged an inch even with me wandering the streets by myself. What would she do when I told her I had no appetite for the old ultra-violence any longer...? The five short and two long knocks sounded upon the door again, and I was forced to call her inside because I had a sick feeling she wasn't the type to be ignored. Madge practically bounded into my room like a lost dog returning to its master, her violet curls bouncing against her shoulders right before she sat down on my lap. \"I knew you'd want to viddy me again, big brother,\" she gushed, tapping a finger against my nose and giggling like a schoolgirl. \"Didst thou miss me?\" \"Nearly,\" I said, lying straight through my teeth and pretending to be nice when I really wished she would just disappear. How was it that I'd been in this hospital bed for three days, and she hadn't bothered to show up until ten seconds ago? Had she really wanted to see my bruised face again that badly, or was she up to something instead? \"Well, worry not any more, my dorogoy,\" Madge purred into my ear, snuggling up against me. \"Little Madge is here to make you feel dobby again, right right?\" She moved in to kiss my lips, but she got one side of my face instead. I couldn't explain why I did that, not exactly. Maybe it was because her perfume and lotion were much too strong when put on at the same time, thus threatening my already-sensitive stomach. Maybe it was because her bright purple wig and jet-black dress were too much of a contrast of colors for my weak eyes. Maybe it was both of those things at once, or none of them at all. Whatever it was, I knew that Madge touching me just didn't feel right any more. \"What was that for, now?\" Madge pretended to whimper, folding her arms and glaring up at me. \"I've got a cold,\" I said, raising the edge of the blanket to cover up my mouth and nose. \"You shouldn't go on touching me like this and that, little Madge. Do you want to be the next to get yourself into a place like this?\" \"How baddiwad could it be if thou art here, brother?\" \"How bad do you think it could be? Do you like the idea of coughing and sneezing and having trouble sleeping at night? Do you want to feel tired all the time, regardless?\" \"Fine-fine.\" She didn't leave the room like I'd hoped she would. Instead, she just moved herself over to the chair at my bedside; then went back to her silly happy routine. \"How is this now, my dorogoy?\" It would have been just fine with me if I hadn't met Greg and the other three before she'd arrived. If I had somehow gone to her flat instead of Greg's country house, things would have been completely different for the both of us. As my bad fortune would have it, though, it was like I'd stopped feeling close to Madge at all, if I had ever felt that way in the past. Was there something wrong with me, or was this just the surface of something deeper going on in my head? \"It's not enough.\" If she had attracted me whilst I was under the influence of the milk-plus, now she just bothered me to no end. \"It's nowhere near enough. Can't you come back later? I might have some guests coming over.\" \"You have guests...?\" I watched in silence as her eye twitched, then she frowned on the spot. \"What guests? Who are they? Might I have viddied them before?\" \"That's my business, and you're trying to put your nose into it.\" \"Well, shouldn't I also know who my dorogoy big brother is meeting today?\" \"Not if your so-called 'brother' doesn't want you to, of course! Haven't you heard of patients' privacy rights? Sorrow take it, can't you just leave me alone or something?\" Just like it had been with Georgina on that first day, Madge looked like I'd just slapped her. Just like I'd done with someone else before, I wanted to be left alone. However, unlike her, she just grinned darkly and nodded, almost as though she could read my mind and was already plotting ways to undermine my thoughts. Maybe I would have to undermine her, too, if I was reading her expression right. \"Fine-fine,\" she answered slowly, doing a sort of swaying-walking dance towards the door. \"Little Madge will leave thee alone...but she'll be back, oh yes she will . Big brother had better be ready when she does...\" She placed one finger on the doorknob, then her whole hand, and finally opened it to come face-to-face with Georgina and Greg. A/N.: I was faced recently with writer's block, and probably would have had Madge disappear with a plot arc of 'Voices of Korova' unresolved. However, since I've also seen a few authors take on some darker aspects in their own stories, I finally decided to bring Madge back in for some conflict between Pete and his new friends, along with some more internal struggles on Pete's part. Let me know what you all think, Weasley[Chapter 12] Author's Note: I've got half a mind to make Alex the eventual villain of this series, and I just get even more sure of this with every new romance that appears...time to go against the grain, maybe? p.s.: It's time for the cuteness to start sneaking into the story...are you ready? 12 It was almost like one of those State-made soap operas, the way everything played out next. On one side of the door was Madge of the Purple Wig, her rainbow-painted eyes narrowed in suspicion over Georgina's sudden appearance. I could already tell that she didn't approve of me bringing another devotchka into the mix, especially since she'd very nearly gotten a bit of pol from me a few nights ago. I could also tell that I didn't much care what she thought about me or what I did, because she just wasn't that important to me now that the milk-plus had worn off. It was the two people on the other side of the door that concerned me now. First and foremost, there was Georgina herself, who looked as though she wanted to figure out if Madge was either a relative of mine or some devotchka on the side. \"Er...hello there?\" I felt a stab of remorse as I heard her try to be gracious to Madge, only to glance past her and stare at me with both eyebrows raised. \"We didn't expect anyone else to be here at this hour besides Pete and his family...are we interrupting anything?\" \"Not at all,\" I interjected, speaking up before Madge said something rash and drove a wedge between us. \"Madge here took me by surprise, too. I was waiting for you and Greg when she popped in out of nowhere and jumped onto my bed.\" I saw her start to pout right then and there, but I felt no need to comfort her. There was too much annoyance and revulsion floating around in my rasoodock for that. I wasn't wandering the streets by myself any more, and neither had I just entered the Korova for another nightly fix. I would have to learn to act a bit differently because of this, and for that matter, so would she. \"You don't mind if we come in and sit for a moment, then?\" Greg asked me, wordlessly questioning my intentions with just one look. \"Are you sure you don't want some time alone with Madge first, and have us come back later?\" \"Try the other way around,\" I said flatly, glaring at Madge and then at the door in turn. \"I'll see you now and I'll see her later. Is that all right with you?\" Madge couldn't object to me or my words in any way, because I'd already made my decision on what to do this morning. Instead, she could only glare at me briefly; then go on through that open door without a word, purposefully shoving Georgina out of the way as she disappeared into the hallway. \"Well, well... that most certainly was odd.\" Georgina watched the doorway long after Madge had gone, almost as though she expected her to come back and start wreaking some kind of havoc. I wished I could have left my bed and walked over to comfort her, but just as I had done with Em, I had to make sure I didn't give her my cold, either. That didn't stop me from imagining that I'd picked up a small wooden pole and started hitting myself over the head with it, though. \"I don't know her all that well,\" I almost managed to confess, until a sudden burst of coughing interrupted my words. That was something I had hoped would not happen until tomorrow, yet because I was already weak and sick to begin with, it snuck up on me just as surely as the cold that spawned it. It was then that I felt just a tiny bit worthless, because I had wanted to have a real , full-length conversation with Georgina and Greg today. However, thanks to my own stupid and bothersome health, I would instead have to deal with this other unwelcome visitor interrupting me every few minutes or so as I tried to speak. Choodessny . \"I'll get you some water,\" Georgina offered straightaway, standing up and walking towards the bathroom. \"I'm okay, I'm okay, see if Greg wants any,\" I tried to protest, but Greg just shook his head on the spot. \"I'm not thirsty,\" he answered, backing up a step or two on purpose. \"And all medical training aside, I'm told water helps loosen up the phlegm inside you. Why not give it a try?\" Maybe it was just my cold making me think such things, but after hearing all that, I started to wonder just what was it Greg had on his mind lately. How was it that he was so bent on getting me into the back seat with Georgina in the first place? How was it that he'd become so interested in letting her get some water for me? I had to think that over for a moment as a fresh, new glass of water was soon brought up to my lips. \"There you go. Try not to drink it too fast, you might choke.\" I appreciated that Georgina didn't think twice about treating me well, but at the same time, I had a feeling that choking just might have been the least of my problems. There was something much more important—or should I say, much more dangerous—happening right in front of me, and no thanks to my own curiosity. Some strange, unknown force of nature was making me do things I wouldn't have normally done, like slip my hand down over Georgina's own as I took sip after sip of water. I wouldn't cry this time, of course, because that moment of sadness had come and gone. What I would do—and did do—was trace the shape of her fingers, feel the smoothness of the back of her hand, wonder to myself if she would hold onto it until I'd finished the last drop. Oh, yes, I was curious about this devotchka, and so far not a single problem had come up to make me doubt myself...not like last time. 'Last time' was a dead zone of black, white, and purple, a place where only the most insane of individuals could and would ever hope to survive. 'Last time' was having to watch everything I had ever hoped to be and nothing I would ever be show itself off in spades, because its sole owner already understood this, and loved to torment me with it to guarantee that I would never run away from him. 'Last time' was some giant pit out of which I thought there would be no exit. 'Last time' was the place where my self-styled master and commander would taunt me with a countless string of female followers, each and every one there to constantly tell him how wonderful he looked, how wonderful he acted, how wonderful he dressed, and so on and so forth, until the night I returned home to my silent flat, stared at myself in the mirror, and broke down in tears because I knew none of those devotchkas would ever think of me the same way as they did my leader. Last time, I had been a nobody, a silent figure as still as the Korova Milkbar's furniture who tried to disappear into the walls every time he entered. Last time, I had hated everything about myself, and no thanks to his rotten influence—my clothes, my eyes, my voice, my hair...even my own face . But this time? Simple. This time was a lot, lot different. Pete... This Georgina, this Gigi-girl, could already have had her pick of three other malchicks, one of which was standing in the same room as she stood...and yet, each time, she made no move towards any of them. Instead, it looked as though she just might have eyes for nobody else but me. Why was I suddenly so interesting to her? I had no interesting job like the others obviously must have had. I couldn't do anything interesting right now besides feel sick, look tired, drink all sorts of fluids, and cough one time too many. For all I knew, I could have infected her and Greg together just by coughing out loud, or else by touching her hand. So...what was it about me that had caught her attention so well, and held it there? Pete...? \"Uhhwaah...?\" \" Pete ? Pete, is everything okay?\" I snapped back to reality, where I soon realized I had drank every drop of water and then gone on sucking air until Georgina spoke up to get my attention. To make matters a tiny bit worse, Greg was still there sitting in the background, but not without enjoying a small chuckle at the odd way I had zoned out. \"Uh...yes?\" I blushed for what must have been the third time since I met them both, after which I wished that I had not left my old maskie behind me someplace outside these walls. A pity, I could have used it to hide my face until I felt myself go back to normal, or else not looked as flushed and red as I must have looked here and now. On the other hand...there had to be a perfectly good reason why I was blushing so much in the first place. It wasn't because I felt overheated or feverish—and thank goodness for that, because that would have made my health so much worse—but rather, because something in my mind kept clicking at the sight of this little group. Was it because they seemed to be so much nicer than all the other shaikas I had encountered in the past? Or was it the idea of them looking after me so closely, and not expecting any payment or 'special favors' in return...? \"Silly! You zoned out just as you were drinking your water...what's on your mind that's made you so distracted?\" Then I happened to look back into her eyes, those eyes that reminded me of exotic wood and fresh gingerbread and darkening night skies, and that was when my heartbeat sped up without any warning. Could this be? Was this even possible? Could this turn out to be exactly what I thought it was? Could someone like me actually feel affection for someone like her? \"I think...I think it's you .\" No Nadsat I had ever viddied in the past or the present had ever thought about this or ever felt this, not even the malchicks in my own shaika. Either they and the devotchkas had amused themselves for a time by sharing some pol and then forgetting all about the other, or else the malchicks alone had forced themselves between the devotchkas' legs and taken their pleasure without offering anything pleasurable back to them as compensation or consolation. \"You think it's me?\" \"Yeah...?\" And so...how could it be that I, the last malchick that any devotchka would ever notice, let alone talk to or converse with, could suddenly feel so strongly about a dama that he barely knew? How could it be that she might feel the same way about me, even though she knew next to nothing about me and made no move to ask the necessary questions of me to protect herself? \"I wish I could hug you again,\" she admitted, smiling weakly. \"I'd try to hold on until I knew you were well...\" I wish you could, too! We'd both feel loads better then, wouldn't we? \"I'm sorry I'm so ill,\" I mumbled, wishing once again that I could hide or, better yet, that she could at least read my mind so that she could hear what I felt too nervous to say out loud. \"If I wasn't coughing so bad right now, I'd want to do the same and not think twice about it.\" I couldn't figure this all out just yet, because I was still so very weak, and quite a ways away from getting over my cold. I would have to wait and watch just as easily as Greg and the others were watching and waiting for me. I could still feel this presence, though, this connection between me and Georgina that I wanted so badly to explore, and all because of something important that I had remembered from my dream—that princess' hair was red as Georgina's was red. \"Don't worry about that now. We can always take a rain check on that, right?\" And then go home and hug each other once they let me out of this hospital? You have no idea... \"Right right.\" Was that nothing more than my mind keeping a note on her while I slept? Was that something that could become a serious omen later on, including bringing me the one future I might have never expected for myself? I would have to see what happened, oh yes . I would have to hold onto Georgina just a little, and so then try to figure out if she was safe enough around me before I decided to take anything further. In the meantime, as I waited for my next hot cup of tea and maybe also my next dose of cold medicine, I would try starting a conversation and see how long I could make it last. \"Greg...?\" \"Hmm?\" \"Could I ask you a question?\" \"Of course! Ask away.\" \"What do you know about getting a job?\" Additional A/N: I decided to raise my page count to five, as a clear reflection of how Greg's group of four is slowly increasing to five. Let me know what you think, Weasley[Chapter 13] Author's Note: My thanks to Gilded Butterfly for some lovely examples of writing for this fandom, be they completed or not. No matter what happens, I hope to be here when she returns! Anyways...before I get too weepy or lonely, here's chapter 13 of my Pete story, all. Hope you like it. 13 \"Well, I'm not entirely sure what's out there,\" Greg answered after a moment's worth of thought. \"I mean, surely there are the usual seasonal positions like in retail or entertainment; then you have the interns and job-shadowing people...I'm guessing you're looking for something a bit more, ah... permanent ?\" \"Maybe,\" I said quietly, feeling Georgina nudge an extra pillow behind my back so that I could sit up better. \"Do you know if any businesses are about to open up?\" \"Wasn't there some insurance company opening next month?\" Gigi asked, glancing between us both. I felt myself perk up a little after hearing this. Who knows—it might just have been my big chance. \"Ah, yes, I do believe you're right,\" Greg said after another pause, as though remembering something important. \"There might have been a note about that in the hospital breakroom a few days ago. Maybe they're looking for employees right now?\" \" Really ?\" I very nearly shouted, feeling my eyes widen in excitement. \"Where do I sign up for that?\" In one instant, I saw both of my new friends' enthusiasm vanish like a wisp of cloud, and with it, I suddenly felt rather sheepish. \"Well...you don't , exactly,\" Georgina told me, a bit serious for once. \"Once you sign up at the Job Office, er... they decide where you end up working.\" The \"Job Office.\" Of course. After all my thinking (and borderline spazzing ) about getting to work, I just had to hit a State-made roadblock. I should have expected they would have a hand in this matter...or two, since they'd already given me that warning notice in the post. Instead, I had celebrated too soon, and now I had to be brought back to reality in the worst possible way. My heart started to sink as I imagined myself forced to dig ditches for the street construction crew, allowed just a few minutes at a time for drinks of water and a slightly longer amount of time for an afternoon meal while the rest of my time would have to be spent in the scorching sunshine. Next, I imagined standing knee-deep in what seemed like an endless river of mud, slime, and other waste products flowing through the sewers, given nothing but a head-lamp for light like a miner as I had to examine the massive pipes around me for any signs of decay or disrepair. And third, there was the most terrifying image of them all—me having to work construction directly on whatever new city building was slated to rise, which would mean standing on narrow steel beams thousands of feet above the ground and doing my best not to look down. Just the thought of that alone was enough to get me breathing faster, the first sign of my next panic attack. \"Pete? Pete, are you okay?\" \"I don't want to, I don't want to...\" \" Pete ! Look at me, all right?\" My eyes must have frozen shut, because whoever it was that spoke next—Georgina or Greg, because I couldn't tell—caused me to snap them open again. Already I felt cold, like there was ice water about to pump through my veins, and I could feel my heart pounding while my lungs struggled to take in air. It almost felt like I was suffocating from the weight of my own terror...but luckily, neither of the two others nearby would stand back and let that happen. \"No, no, I said look ...there. That's it...\" There must have been something behind being made to look at my new companions, because there was something in both of their faces that helped me start breathing a bit slower. I felt myself coming back to that room and nowhere near focusing on that forbidden high place. Perhaps that was for the better, because then I felt my heart start to slow down as well. \"What did you see ?\" Georgina had asked me repeatedly, although I was unable to pay her any attention until the third time she'd brought it up. \"What was it that frightened you?\" Would it be better for me to be truthful, or was she the type that preferred malchicks who could push away their own fears with a laugh and a wave of their hands...? \"The Job Office,\" I'd blurted out before giving myself a few minutes to think it over. \"Do they really just drop you anywhere ?\" It seemed to be her turn to blanch next, because then she looked even more worried about me as she began to explain herself. \"Oh, no no no ! I'm so sorry I made you think that! I should have said they match your skills to whichever employer needs them the most...\" \"Skills...?\" \"Oh, yes. They're sure to take a careful look at what you're able to do and not do, and...well, they go from there.\" Did this mean I wouldn't have to build skyscrapers and stand a thousand feet above the ground? Maybe I could stop worrying about these bad scenarios at last, if either Georgina or Greg could speak about something different from experience. \"Really?\" Not wanting to ruin the conversation, I decided to press a little further. \"How did they place you?\" Gigi kept quiet on purpose then, reaching a hand between me and the pillow in order to start rubbing my back. I must not have stopped breathing too quickly for her to intervene like that. It wasn't until we were both sure that I wouldn't panic again that she chose to finally answer my question. \"It's a little easier than it sounds, really. As soon as I was done with public school, I went off to learn how to use a computer...figure out a bunch of software programs...that sort of thing.\" I could easily see her becoming a whiz at computers and technology and everything else tech-related. The book she'd received from Greg for Christmas had already given this fact away, if not strongly hinted at it due to the printing block design on the front cover. For all I knew, she'd already figured out everything from home row to arranging entire articles with the click of a few buttons. \"Okay, so...\" I had to cough a few times more into the safety of my inner arm, because there was no way I wanted to infect the people around me no matter how little I knew about them. \"...So, you studied a few extra courses, and then they sent your name and skills list out so someone would hire you? Is that really what the Job Office does?\" \"Pretty much,\" Georgina said with a shrug. \"It's truly not all that hard.\" \"Do you think I'll have to go back to class for my job, too?\" \"Probably not...that is, unless you absolutely need to. I don't think they'd make you learn anything you wouldn't be able to use later on in life.\" Except for a bunch of propaganda and mandatory community service, I wanted to say out loud, but I wasn't really sure just who else might be listening to our conversation...so for the sake of keeping up appearances, I decided to keep that bit of information to myself. What I could do, and do freely, was feel grateful that I had at least one person to help me, let alone two...and to prove it, I decided to ask Greg just a few more questions, if only to get his side of the story and therefore some more information for my case. \"Oh, it took me a lot longer before I entered the workforce,\" Greg explained to me, when I'd asked him if he'd started work the exact same way Georgina did. \"As soon as I expressed an interest to become a doctor, I had to spend the next five years after public school taking all sorts of medical courses, and I had to study night and day just to scrape through with passing marks.\" \"Five years?\" I had a feeling he was a smart one, too. \"You must have been a genius to get finished that quickly!\" \"Hold your applause,\" he said with a smirk. \"My education was just half the battle. I'm working in the hospital now because they agreed to hire me on as an intern. I think it's going to be at least another month before I finish my fifth year there, and finally earn my title of Ph. D.\" \"Ten years...?\" I admit, I had to do a double-take right then and there, because I had very nearly sworn before that Greg and I were the same age. After hearing this malenky sound bite, now I wasn't so sure. \"Does—does that mean you're twenty-eight?\" I received only another smirk and a small shake of his head in reply. \"Twenty- nine ...?\" This time, I saw a slight nod on Greg's part, which shocked me so hard that I had to rub at my eyes to make it go away. To be honest, he hadn't looked that much older than me, maybe only a few months' difference at the most. But ten years my senior? Was that even possible without getting crow's feet and laugh lines? \"What do you want with someone like me, if you're really that much older?\" I pressed, wishing I could get up and look him straight in the eyes to tell whether or not he was lying. \"Or the rest of us? Are you-\" The idea popped into my head so fast, there was no way to block it out as funny as it sounded. \"- Are you running a special school for people with mysterious talents ?\" I said in a stage whisper, which only succeeded in a third smirk from Greg and a skeptical laugh from Georgina. \"Good heavens, no! You read too much comics, Mr. Clancy,\" Greg laughed, standing up from his place and slipping an arm around my shoulders. \"But don't worry, there's nothing all that secretive going on here. It's all a simple matter of-\" Whatever word he'd meant to say, whatever memorable quote he'd hoped to end with and so quiet my mind for a while, was soon interrupted by three loud beeping sounds from his watch. Did this mean we would have to save the rest of our little chat for a later date, and therefore keep me guessing for however long he and Georgina saw fit? \"Ack, I very nearly forgot! Eight-thirty, lady and gentleman. That gives us only thirty more minutes to get ourselves to our respective offices.\" There was a sorrowful look on his face as he said this; something that I started to doubt once again as to whether or not it was genuine. I knew that there were still a great many things I had yet to learn about my semi-host, the most important of these undoubtedly being why he chose to be around Nadsats and not the slightly older crowd that I thought he would have been more used to. \"Does this mean you'll have to leave again?\" \"I'm afraid so, Pete...but we'll try to be back here tomorrow morning. Hopefully we'll get John and Matthew to come along for the ride, eh?\" I also knew that there were a lot of things I had yet to learn about my semi-hostess, which involved a much longer, more interesting list than the one I would make up for Greg in the safety of my mind. I already knew that she used some kind of computer skill as part of her job, that she was secure in her own thoughts, and probably most importantly that she had a soft spot for injured, sickly wanderers. \"I hope so, too. It's a bit more interesting when they show up.\" What I wanted to know about her was everything else, like...maybe her favorite color, what types of music she liked to listen to, her favorite songs, what she loved to eat above all other things, and...basically whatever else set her apart from the rest of the world. I would have loved for her to stay here with me all morning long so that I could get started on learning these things; yet she had her job, and I still had to rest my voice and get well, never mind the rest of me. Still, life didn't fail to send a stabbing pain through me as I had to watch them disappear for the rest of the day. \"Tomorrow,\" Georgina promised me with a smile and a wave of her hand, quietly slipping off after Greg into the hallway and leaving me to the silence of my room. \"Tomorrow's late ,\" I whispered to the empty air, taking that extra pillow out from behind my back and holding it against me in an effort to comfort myself. It was as good as official, now that I'd seen her continuously for the past few days. I was attached .[Chapter 14] 14 How blissful it was for me to sleep in for once; for two nights; for three, four, and five; and not have my mind set on whatever happened after sundown any longer. How sweet it was to look forward to the peaceful evening visits of nonviolent friends, and not wait by the door for the arrival of pint-size dystopian soldiers who foamed at the mouth for mischief. That world remained in a place far beyond the hospital doors and far beyond the reach of my new friends, carefully locked away where I wouldn't have to think about it or look at it. In its place, however, I had to slowly make myself sink into a steady, but somewhat boring routine. My mornings began at seven o'clock sharp, because that was when the morning shift nurse would wake me up, help me into a wheelchair, and take me down the hall to see if I'd gained any weight over the previous day. If she'd noticed any change on the scale, she'd jot it down on some clipboard; nod to herself in approval; and then send it off to some office person so that they could update my medical chart. If not, I would just receive a small pat on the back, followed by the acknowledgment that I could \"do better next time.\" In either case, I would then have my blood pressure checked, my respiration measured, and from there return to my room where they would serve me my first meal of the day. I would then alternate from rest periods to finding a few good programs to watch on the hospital's television set until noon rolled around, which meant that the next orderly to arrive would also bring my lunch along with them. Once they'd coaxed me to finish as much as I could possibly swallow, my next stop would be the activity room, a place created on purpose to give patients a sense of being at home rather than in a sterile holding cell surrounded by strangers. At least, its four blue walls and white-curtained windows did the trick for the patients around me, because they felt like talking and socializing all in one corner by themselves. As for me, I would just sit alone as I'd always done, reading my books or playing my Solitaire because it wasn't them I wanted to make friends with. That particular group waited for me until right after dinner, because that was the time reserved for visitors as most of them couldn't come in until after quitting time anyway. In the meantime, I would have to keep my mind sharp while I was waiting for my body to get back into perfect working condition, and for that there was that little book on how to draw one's own comics, a special present from none other than my own dearest Em. I felt a little glad that she'd remembered those drawings I had made from my adolescence onward, mainly because I'd forgotten several of them on my own but also because I'd once thought her too busy to ever pay attention. There had also been that dark period that only I could claim to be guilty of, that moment in time where I'd gone about like some rusty robotic creature and lived up to my programming, like...dusting and sweeping up after someone that hadn't lived with me for months...even years, if a person wanted to get technical. I hadn't bothered to sketch a single letter or draw a single line during that time, because to me, what would have been the point? Things were a little different for me now, though, and they would go on being different to my benefit, I hoped. I could tell that my old interests were returning to me one by one, those little things I had done long before I'd met that gang in white or that other gang with the iron crosses. This included the comic strips, because on one winter's day when I'd gotten bored of the activity room and asked to be taken back to my hospital bed, I finally started to work on something new. My first sketch in years was one big nothing at first, a pile of pencil lines that lead nowhere, odd shapes with no name or purpose, lost and wandering around from here to there as surely as I myself had wandered. I had to crumple that one up and throw it away, because I neither felt any attachment to it nor noticed any stories rising out of its directionless outlines. It was my second sketch that started to hold some promise for me, as I soon found myself creating a landscape from another world out o0f a certain arrangement of hills, rocks, and a few scrubby trees. This could definitely serve as the background for the opening page, I reasoned, because I'd always wanted to do something from science fiction, or else something that had to do with life on other planets. This one I redrew just one more time, darkening every outline on purpose so that I could add ink as a finishing touch and so erase all the pencil lines later on. Once that step had been completed, I started to work on more of the same background sketching until, unexpectedly, there seemed to be two oddly-shaped pathways emerging from the soil; a double stone walkway that very nearly resembled pools of water or wet footprints. I had to stop for a few minutes and think this surprise design over, since I didn't quite yet know if this should have been a rocky path, rain-filled tracks, or just a series of puddles that had formed in the mud over the course of a particularly violent rainstorm. It wasn't until I had stared down at the paper for about three minutes that I realized the truth of it—these oddly-shaped spots were not stones or water at all. They were being left behind by a character trying to carry the dead body of someone they cared about home to their family, and the spots were their friend's blood stains right before they themselves walked through them, essentially turning them into blood-filled tracks. I tried not to let Georgina or the others see these drawings when they came to visit me after dinnertime, but Em drew attention to them right away just by pointing straight at them, and then tilting her head to one side as though to ask the questions about them herself. With so much interest in my work so soon, I didn't have any other choice but to answer. \"It's just something new,\" I said vaguely, because I was still working out all the little details in my head and until I was sure about them, the pages wouldn't have any sentimental value to me. \"Someone's best friend just died.\" Only Em looked sad after seeing my words signed out to her. She was the only one who knew the real reason for my nightly wanderings. Everyone else just stared at me out of pure curiosity and tried to fill in the blanks on their own. \"Whose best friend?\" Georgina asked me, drawing closer to my bedside. Mine, I wanted to tell her, but it would have raised too many questions in too short a time. Instead, I made myself look a little confused right before I asked her, \"I...beg your pardon?\" \"Whose best friend is the dead man? Is he rich or poor? Old or young? Doctor or soldier?\" \"Oh.\" How I wished I could come up with better answers for Gigi, or else ones that had more than just one word to them. \"I, um...I haven't thought that far ahead. It's all just a blur so far.\" They would be more than just a little disappointed in me now, because they had expected the massive, filling treat of a new story and instead I had nothing to offer them but a few crumbs of information. Yet another loss I could chalk up to being sick...or so I had originally feared. I'd watched each of their faces in turn, expecting to see some degree of disapproval only to realize there wasn't any. Greg and John looked as though they had saved the story idea in the backs of their minds, and would then keep any further questions about it to themselves until they knew I was ready to answer them. Georgina just smiled and patted my arm as though to show me that my imaginary problem was really one big nothing. Even Matthew seemed just the slightest bit interested, although that could have also been the sight of Gigi touching me to make him pay so much attention in the first place. Still, over the course of my days in that hospital bed, planning out this graphic novel would end up as my escape from my own misery. Oh, there would be other distractions as well, don't get me wrong. In fact, it wasn't long before I received a letter telling me all about how I'd been officially placed at the State Marine Insurance building, effective immediately after my release from the hospital. I would receive a round of handshakes from the other men around me, and hugs from Em and Georgina besides. I would also receive visits from Em all by herself on the nights that my new friends left alone on purpose, because they knew how much we needed them. That, in turn, would mean voiceless conversations in front of my room's television set; lullabies played with the twist of a music box key; the silent sharing of chapters from books that contained loads of photos; little packets of menthol and eucalyptus smuggled in to use in my bath water; and as always, that old familiar scent of lavender that could remind me of home and promise my return to it the moment I breathed it in. The more Em visited, sometimes the stronger the pull for home came that I very nearly grew dizzy and fainted from the force of it all. I barely rescued myself in time from the weight of this need taking me over, but still, I did indeed rescue myself. I reminded myself that with each day gone, that would also be one less day remaining between me and my wonderful return back to that old flat. And, so that I would neither lose track of this new idea for my comic nor allow myself to fall into another muse-less period of nothingness, one day I asked for a pad of paper and a few pens in order to begin putting down notes for later use. I thought that I would have a few general ideas at the most, just the bare bones of something I could easily add meat to once I'd been discharged. What I came up with instead were the bones, muscles, heart, and just about everything in between for this story that had been waiting to happen. My central character wasn't going to be some average man fighting in a war where he ends up losing his best friend. Instead, perhaps he could be some younger Prince never expected to lead, inherit, or go on any exciting adventures. A second son who stayed out of his older brother's way on purpose, only to see him die during some horrible battle...and then get pulled into the spotlight that he wasn't entirely sure he wanted. In a way, some of the very old history of this island dealt with similar things—the older brother might not have originally died, but he still had to give his crown away to whomever was next in line, because giving up his title to marry a commoner woman meant he could never take it back. What better way to remember this particular King than to base my words upon him? I made about three or four bullet points about this on my notepad's first page, a good start for something I hoped to see through to the end. It wouldn't be enough for whatever tale I wanted to tell, unfortunately. For there to be a decent hero in this, there would also have to be an equally disturbing villain. There might even need to be some kind of love interest for my hero, since it would probably be inevitable for a future King to need a Queen to keep him company. His new line of work would only do so much for his self-esteem. The only question was, how would I go about making them? I had to mull this one over for about five minutes before the answer finally came to me. What if the love interest and the villain were somehow connected to each other? Moreover, what if the hero once viewed his elder brother as someone he'd always looked up to and wanted to be like, only to learn after his death that he'd done a lot more harm tan good to the kingdom he would have someday ruled? It didn't take me very long to figure out some of the necessary details. The woman would have been the Princess from an enemy kingdom on a planet completely different from the hero's, maybe one covered entirely by desert where his own could have been green and lush. In turn, the villain would then have to be her older brother, who had resorted to killing the first Crown Prince in order to save her from all sorts of abuse at his hands. The second Prince would deny this at first, because any good family member would when faced with shocking information about someone they loved. However, the longer this Prince character would end up thinking things over—and he would , because the thought of his older brother causing all sorts of trouble wouldn't go away so easily—he would slowly come to accept it as the truth. He wasn't the first person to ever get disappointed by somebody else, and he definitely wouldn't be the last. I knew that would happen because I'd seen it happen. And I'm up while the dawn is breaking, even though my heart is aching... I hadn't heard this particular song in years, ages maybe—yet there it was, loud and clear through the crack in my door. Some nurse or orderly must have left their radio on. They must have also known exactly what it would do to me, because in an instant, my mind had jumped backwards about two years in time. ...I should be drinking a toast to absent friends, instead of these comedians... It played the morning after he finally found a way to make me break a promise I'd made to myself and all the devotchkas some four years ago or so. I'd never wanted to take some girl or woman against her will, because I'd seen in the films how good everything could be if she was just given the chance to say 'yes'. How, indeed, could I ever forget the way my one and only idol attracted them in droves; able to leave them shrieking and fainting in the aisles with no more than a smile and a song? The King would have waited for the proper invitation, because in doing so, he would receive the chance to be with the girl of his dreams every single time no matter which film it happened in. No little lady would ever refuse him, because really there was no wicked secret in his past or any dark part to his personality that would have given her a list of good reasons to do so. According to all that I'd seen about him, he was just about perfect, and he made me want to be just as adored, just as well-liked, just as special as the ladies in all these films knew him to be. Only...only there were some lewdies on this island, lewdies like Alex, who didn't like their shaika members having these thoughts in their heads. Malchicks like him would wait for weeks, months, years on end until finally, they would get the chance to make someone like me break their promises to themselves and do just the opposite of what they had once vowed. He must have loved the minute I came in on him beating Mr. Alexander, that piece of cake in my one hand and that mug of cold beer in the other. I hadn't expected to get hungry at all during that time, but there it was, and so I saw no other way to fight it then to visit the family's refrigerator and hope for the best. Like some modern version of forbidden fruit or a twisted take on Holy Communion, there was that slice of cake wrapped up for later and that frosted mug of beer, still very fresh and so delightfully cold that there was no way for me to refuse. I thought I could take both of those things upstairs with me and enjoy them without the others knowing. The moment I came back into that room and saw two of my not-so-friendly shaika members preparing to harm the Mrs., though...that was enough to make me choke on that second or third bite, and then he had to go and look at me with that deadly glare that could and would only ever mean one thing. I'd gone against his order to check the rest of the house for all the money and valuables. And if I couldn't handle a normal order... \" Drop that mounch. I gave no permission.\" ...Then I'd have to deal with a twisted, nasty one instead. \" Time for that other veshch, Pete, and Bog help you if you don't finish.\" _ A/N: Yes, I know this is extremely unorthodox, but there was this part of me that wondered what would happen if I left in a piece of dialogue from the novel and altered it a little to flow better with the movie. One day I mulled this over, and lo and behold, the idea of Alex twisting Pete's arm into participating in a rape session as punishment for finding snacks instead of treasure moved into my head and refused to go away. Not only that, but I guess I am truly fed up with the idea that attractive guys are somehow saints on earth, and that the women involved with them have to cater to their every need even when they start breaking that woman's bones, spirit, mind, and so on. Some of the Alex romances have gone into this territory, and I really don't think I like that any more, so...I hope nobody on this website thinks that's supposed to be what a real romance is supposed to look like, because you're putting yourself in danger of an early grave and traumatizing your family for decades after the fact if you do. No matter what certain authors of certain novels that shall remain nameless tell you... if he beats, he isn't sweet. Guess that's all of my two cents. ps—The song 'These Comedians' was what I listened to when the idea for 'Don't' first popped into my head, which...ended up spawning a line of Pete fanfictions, as you can see. Hope this song continues to inspire me for some time yet. pps—This just might be the first of two halves of my latest update, because I finally realized just in time that breaking it into two chapters would be a better idea than just one. Hope I had the right idea in doing this. =Weasley=[Chapter 15] A/N: Here is the second half of my chapter that originally would have been 5 pages long, until some recent ideas came into my head and made it even more complex. Hope you like. P.S.: In response to a comment by LetItBeXO...yes, it's true that Pete looks to be the sane one, but ah...one thing I noticed in at least two Kubrick films is that a certain character will be known to snap (become a killing machine) if he is put into enough hellish circumstances. Take a good look at poor Jack and Leonard, who followed their own madness straight to the grave. It's that whole mindset, that thing that also happens in real life, that a person can become the opposite of their original nature if they are thrown into enough chaos. Take the case of Patty Hearst, or, more recently, the 'boys next door' who tortured Muslim detainees in wartime. Because this Dystopia is no doubt chaotic to begin with, and can only be whitewashed for so long under the paint of romance...I figured it was only a matter of time before Alex twisted Pete's arm just enough to get him to do the unthinkable. Further reason for me to NEVER let another girl be sacrificed through handing her over to Alex and letting him do whatever he wants to her, because let's face it, it's not going to be pretty. P.P.S.: This has got a few Ahab of Dystopia spoilers, so ah...hopefully I won't reveal too much about the upcoming storyline for that long-term tale. Maybe just a few things, though. ;) Peace out, Me 15 I wanted so badly to vanish right then and there. I wanted to find some hole to climb through and escape that hellish mess, or for the better, pretend to take that poor wife and then find that her round chair was actually some way to teleport into a hospital or police station or some other safe place for us both. Most of all, I wanted to turn my eyes away and feel nothing about what came next...but unfortunately, that offending part of my body jumped at the sight of her without a stitch of clothing on. And not only this, but that strange, sharp coldness of Alex's razor pressed against the back of my neck, promising me instant pain and bleeding if I continued to rebel. With my own body betraying me and another promised betrayal waiting to strike from behind, there was no other way for me but to submit to my own urges by forcing her to submit to me. Right or wrong, the message from Alex was the same one he gave to all of his other victims, past, present, and future. \" If you try to fight back against me in any way, I'll do just a bit worse than plain punish you. I'll punish you with whatever or whomever you hold dearest to your heart .\" He punished that lonely woman in the mansion, hoarder though she might have been, by slaughtering her with that sexual sculpture. He punished that old writer by forcing him to watch as he raped his poor wife, and then made sure all of his shaika members did the same. He punished the wife by spying on her, finding out what her favorite song was, and then serenading her with it as he helped rape her to death. And last but not least, he used my own body against me as punishment for straying from his commands. No gestures of kindness or pleas for mercy would stop him from indulging his sickly passions, as I would have to find out for myself many months down the road. That just wasn't the way to end such a mindset, because it was almost like appeasement rather than self-defense or rescue. However, that didn't mean that there weren't other ways, better ways, to fight such a horror and come out on top. I would find this out sometime soon, and my learning would begin the moment all of my new companions, Matthew included, came one afternoon to sit down and watch a little television with me. It was about halfway through my time in the hospital, when a light icy rain had fallen and wrapped just about every still living thing and inanimate object up inside of it. I had gained just a few stones of weight back, but it was still a gain, and so my Em saw fit to share the news on her notepad the moment we saw them again. A few minutes later, on came a program that made John furrow his brow in curiosity, caused Georgina to start breathing faster than normal, and somehow got both Greg and Matthew to glance knowingly at each other while I wondered what the deal was. According to the news ticker, some man named Chris Grayson had just hung himself from a prison cell ceiling. I couldn't get myself to go to sleep again, not even to kill some time between now and when someone came to make sure I'd turned all of my lights out. The looks on everyone's faces had suggested far too much for that. Greg and Matthew had to know something I didn't, because they'd shared too strong of a look wen they thought I hadn't been watching. Georgina looked nothing short of upset and triumphant at the same time, which made me wonder if she'd known this Greyson in some way before. I wasn't sure whether or not I should have brought the subject up in front of Em and John, though. It seemed like it could be a very private thing between these three people, and maybe even a dangerous thing considering none of them looked even the slightest bit sad over this man's suicide. Had there been some dark force at work in their lives once upon a time, as surely as Alex had amused himself in playing around with mine, Dim's, and Georgie's? Some part of me never wanted to find out the answer to this question, because there was always the chance it could be too terrifying, even for someone like me. Instead, the phantom swishing sound of a chain echoed once more in my mind. A somewhat welcome distraction it was, at least until it woke up another horde of inner demons and made them dance wickedly about. There were some times that I had no idea which was worse—one 'friend' forcing me onto an innocent woman, or another driving me away from him by hitting me square in the face. It might have been a little more than six months since Dim had turned against me just like that, but my face could still sting as painfully as it had the night we finally parted ways. It wasn't long before I found out he could make me sting everywhere else, too. The next program I watched with my new friends was the Saturday afternoon news, and on this day, the woman in her signature red sweater promised a special interview with a handful of the police academy's newest recruits to 'illustrate the increase in officers on the street', or however the State wanted to spin it for the rest of us. All I could think about was how lucky I'd been to get off the street ahead of time, or else I would have met those officers in a rather unpleasant manner. \"Finally, some good news...\" Anyways, this program started out harmlessly enough, and with a few sympathetic people I could get used to, maybe. I first saw and heard about somebody named Robert Walker, and how by the look of him I thought he could have been related to this devotchka who ran away shortly after we caught Billyboy with his rookers all over her. That wasn't brought up directly, though, and probably for good reason, as he might not have been able to say anything at all than how much he would have liked to see his sister's attacker burned alive. Instead, Miss Red Sweater brought up such things as him studying hard every night and the like, to which Robert agreed to before adding that his big sister's near-rape was what got him into the Academy and not the school of medicines as he'd originally planned. If I'd ever had a sister whom someone else attacked, I might have done the exact same thing. \"I mean, seriously now. Everyone else is going on about reinstating this arts program or bringing back that sort of corporeal punishment as some way to make all the young people change their minds about committing crimes,\" that Robert said on live camera. \"As far as I'm concerned, the real problem is all of these costumed gangs being allowed to run amok. Their parents won't ground them because they're too busy trying to be their friends, they don't send them off to boot camp because they don't want them to suffer, and whatever they do one night ends up in the newspapers and on the television the next morning. We're just rewarding them for their wickedness and making them instant celebrities. Maybe it's time we catch them in the act, and give them all a beating instead, eh?\" The live studio audience must have loved that idea, because then I heard a somewhat loud round of applause for that Robert Walker. That, in turn, just egged him on a bit more, because next he said, \"How about we let them know what it feels like for once?\" I already know what it feels like , my mind whimpered, even as he showed his appreciation for their support and gave them all a good wave before going backstage. I'd received nothing but rejection and loneliness in the end, a very ironic way to go as I'd originally become ultraviolent so that the other kids at skolliwoll would stop bullying me. If I'd wanted to be left alone from the start, I'd pretty much gotten exactly what I'd asked for, at least up until a few days ago. Someone up above had seen fit to release me from such a punishment at long last, and so I would have to remind myself to be grateful. Any other choice, and I could have easily become whichever criminal this Walker boy went after first. \" He's got the right idea about it,\" I heard Matthew mutter to Greg, almost as though they might have talked about something similar earlier and this weighed in as his next argument. \"Look before you leap, boyo ,\" John answered casually, though not without a telltale wink in my direction that nobody else seemed to notice. That interview was just the beginning, though. They would bring in quite a few speakers next, be they normal Academy graduates, new students at that particular school, and even one or two rough-looking malchicks who looked as though they had been busting open heads only yesterday. My little group heard tales of struggling with final examinations, trying to follow in a parent's footsteps, or just plain getting pulled from a crowd of detention center inmates and then pushed into classes that they weren't entirely ready for. As different as each new story was from the last, however, I found that I liked them all the same. Even though these were most likely people I would never meet in person, they still gave me hope. They hinted to me that my life might not be entirely over yet, and that it might also not be too late for me to start over, do well, and therefore be happy. And so, with a small sense of relief creeping into my mind and my next meal to look forward to, I found myself hesitating just a tiny bit over whether or not to change the channel. This was the longest time in a row that I had watched any television at all, and there was a part of me that seriously wondered what plot lines I might have missed, or else what characters I hadn't watched the adventures of lately. What rough-edged dramas were taking shape in the Middle East today? What new intrigues would the State Press announce this week? Had the latest crop of superheroes figured out a way to break into the villain's underground hideout? \"Feeling a little overloaded, Mr. Clancy?\" Greg was always so careful sometimes. Bog in Heaven, but it was enough to bring tears to my eyes. Why did he always have to be so watchful over me all the time...? \"Um...\" I remember feeling a little bored of the interviewing at the time, but there was also this conflicting part of me that practically demanded to see just a few more before moving on to bigger and better things. It was the least I could do to get my mind off of this Grayson character, or at least forget about him long enough until Georgina's next visit. \"...Just one or two more little speeches, then we can change the channel, okay?\" \"Fair enough.\" It wouldn't be the most painful decision I would ever make in my lifetime, but it would definitely bother me for the rest of the week. After some glitzy commercials for laundry soap, gourmet crackers, and champagne in that exact order, the last guest I would let myself see on that broadcast finally materialized. Ever go through a moment in time where you want to believe you're dreaming it all, but then something happens to wake you up, and then you realize that it's no dream at all no matter how much you wish it to be? My very first instance was in the Alexander home, my second as I turned back to watch Georgie's fall, and my third...well, let's just say I had to blink my glazzies several times over before my gulliver felt clear enough to function. I didn't want to believe it was him in that black uniform, all brushed up and brushed back and sitting straight as a lightning rod in that interview chair...yet once the slight toc-toc-toc of a nurse's low heeled shoes echoed past my door, I was forced to understand everything nice and sparkling clear. There was Dimitri Ivanov plain as the daylight, him looking this way and that out of mild curiosity as the woman in the red sweater gave him a formal introduction. Thank God she didn't call him by his nickname, or else they might have had to go back to commercials to hide the consequences. Then again...maybe the commercials would have been a bit more interesting than this travesty. \"...So tell me again, Mr. Ivanov...you're the youngest of five, correct?\" \"Five kids, mum. Four older girls, and then me.\" \"You must have had a devil of a time sharing the lavatory!\" The crowd found this to be funny as hell, because they didn't think twice about smecking out loud. Dim's glazzies were as blank as ever, but somehow he managed to let out a tiny laugh of his own. A pity he was the only one left among us who felt like laughing at all. \"But enough from me, now...tell us, how difficult was it for you to pass the final examination?\" Hmph . Look at the way he's fidgeting up there. What's the matter, Ivanov, too hard to come up with a decent lie? \"Bit hard, see. Okay, a lot harder than I thought. Good thing I had some help along the way, though, I might have—\" The screen went dead with a click of the remote control button. Somebody must have hated this show more than me, because they didn't think twice to end it before they had to listen to some more filth coming out of that backstabber's rot. No, wait. It's my finger on the remote button. I'd gone and ended the whole ordeal on my own terms. I barely had ten seconds to breathe out my surprise before a second sound echoed inside my mind...that of a whistling of a chain before it met its target. \"Pete...?\" Turning off the screen wasn't good enough for me, though. It didn't help to calm me down at all, but only wind me up more than I'd been that first morning at Greg's house. Along comes that swishing sound again, and my breathing speeds up as I fumble for something hidden underneath the pillows. \"Pete, can you hear me?\" My fault... my fault... They all try to call out to me, to try and get my attention long enough so that we can talk it all out like normal people...but it's as if they disappear one by one, and the only real sound I hear is that of my own ragged breathing. Oh, Bog in Heaven, I'm panicking. I'm panicking long and loudly enough that I barely feel the way somebody pulls something out of my hands before I can use it, that I hardly even notice the ringing of the alarm bell as somebody else strikes it in time. It's a wonder I can still breathe at all right now, because just about everything else inside this room wants me to believe I'm drowning. Maybe I should have drowned myself at that marina so long ago. It would have spared me from facing all the horrors waiting on my horizon. I'm sorry , Georgie... -My thanks to all still reading and commenting on this story as well as Billyboy's. Sorry that I had to end this chapter so quickly, but the complexities of the human psyche as proven by Judy through Eloise, Lucy, and Bella couldn't be ignored. Yes, Pete will get better by the end of this installment...but of course, he'll have to go through a few twists and turns first. Peace out for now, Weasley-[Chapter 16] A/N: My most humble thanks to all who commented on and favorited 'Hate'...I have to say that I was struggling with this idea for at least an entire year, if not longer. I know how a lot of people believe the original, uncut novel ended on a hopeful note for the title character. Heck, even I was a little tickled that someone so unapologetically despicable might actually have a loving bone in his body after all. Unfortunately, the more I read said novel, the more I realized that sure, he answered for the beatings in his previous crime sprees, but not once did he have to answer for the rapes. The frantic tears of the ten-year-old girls were swept under the rug, the gang rape of Mrs. Alexander wasn't even mentioned, and so on. I also saw that the so-called romantic part was phrased 'getting a wife' instead of 'attracting a wife', 'caring for a wife', or some other phrase that would have implied treating the woman as an equal rather than a material object, which...pretty much sounded as though Alex expected to trot into some department store, plunk down some cash, and tell the cashier 'One young lady to go, please'. And not only that, but the loving moment between Pete and Georgina seems to be twisted into something else entirely when Alex tries to imagine the same thing—the ideal woman he tries to envision doesn't hold his hand, or say nice things to him, or even smile at him...but just robotically makes him dinner and hugs him when he gets home. That's it. No mention of if he hugs her back or not, no little side note of calling her 'darling' or 'pookie' or 'angel lurve', just...pretty much ditching her so he can go look at the baby...which of course HAS to be a boy, according to Alex, and subliminally suggests that the girl might be in trouble if she produces a daughter instead. Not exactly the kind of guy I'd want to meet my daughter if, indeed, I end up having any children whatsoever...and definitely NOT the kind of proof I'd want to spit out to show others that I was a different person. Anyways...before I get too lost in my own ramblings, here's my next chapter of 'Lost and Found' so that I can get back on course, and...I've upped the rating on purpose, since this part talks about cutting and suicide and the like. I didn't originally plan for it to be this dark, but hey...reality is reality. =Weasley= 16 \"Suicide Watch\". It's scary how two malenky slovos can mean something so dangerous, especially on this side of the door. I'm being watched around the clock as well as receiving my meals throughout the day...but this time, there aren't any visitors allowed. It must have been scarier still, however, for my new friends to very nearly see me cut open my wrist. Still, with all of these scars going from my wrists almost all the way up to my elbows, one more probably wouldn't have hurt me. I can't remember the last time I felt truly happy, not since I came across that house in the snow. Why can't I remember? Has the moloko burned it out of my head? Shut yourself down, Pete. No demons made me do this. I was the one who etched every line into my flesh one by one. What better way to keep my nozh in order? I shouldn't have done that in front of them. I should have stopped acting crazy and rejoined the rest of the world. I just couldn't handle the pain after a while. I had to numb it out somehow. I stopped feeling just about anything once I found the one thing to hurt myself a lot worse. Maybe I am crazy. Maybe I lost my rasoodock a long time ago...or else maybe I'm about to lose it. I don't feel anything any more, not since six months ago. All my friends have gone away, and for all I know, my family's not far behind. I wish I could take a walk around my flat one last time. There's no reason for me to have any feelings. People who feel too much are the first to fall. I'm as dead as those statues in the Korova. By rights, I'm as good as dead. Why can't I just man up and force myself to die? I never succeeded in cutting myself one last time. They took away my razor blade before I had the chance. I must have snuck it into the hospital hidden in one of my sleeves. I did it just the way he taught me, oh yes , and the others, too. I want to see Dad's old picture by the door, and maybe sit under it and read a book or two while I'm there. I could do something really weird, even, and talk to that picture as though it's alive. It would be a lot more fun than going to the cemetery. Who is 'he', anyway? Is he the beggar or the noble? Does he wonder if I'm still alive or not? Does he even care? If he really cared, then why on earth did he go on beating us with that damned stick? I said, shut yourself DOWN, Pete, don't make me repeat myself... I want to go home. Sixteen nasty little chapters down...five lovely chapters to go. Are you ready? ","Summary":" Author's Note: Having a Dr. Frankenstein moment, are we, Alex fans…? I certainly hope so. ;) It wou"},{"Movie":"Beetlejuice","Title":"Lydia Deetz and the witch's house","Author":"Captain leon","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13041231","Passage":"[Chapter 1] It is not intended to infringe the rights of those who own the franchises: \"The Witch's House\" and \"Bettlejuice\". Translation done with DeepL and myself, sorry for grammar and punctuation errors, thank you. LYDIA DEETZ AND THE WITCH'S HOUSE Capítulo 1: Cold wind, storm of death An icy wind that blows with disdain over the treetops of a small dark forest. A creepy forest where even the sounds of animals and insects are perceived as distant, with the exception of the loud squawking of black rooks. Rooks fluttering from branch to branch, destroying the countless webs that stubbornly cross the forest in a futile attempt to withstand the cruel gale. Does this forest have a name? The adults who live near it avoid it. The children call it... the witch's forest. A little girl whispers to her companion, both of them pedaling on an old bicycle for two cyclists. The girl's appearance matches perfectly with the intimidating forest. Her perfect face has a white skin tone which contrasts with her dark hair, like seeing the wings of a crow on a moonless night. The wind swayed the girl's blackest hairs, and her somewhat long, voluminous hairstyle reached down to her shoulders. The front part was in the High Class style and the back part was elegant in the Bobby Cut style. The huge, black eyes like dark gems that at first penetrated the black forest now turned their attention to the boy behind her. \"Lydia, it's very cold because of the wind,\" complained the young man. \"The wind is blowing stronger and stronger,\" said Lydia. \"Soon a storm will fall, let's go back to Winter River. The girl was wearing her school uniform at the time, a navy blue suit with the school's coat of arms on the left side. Her long skirt was made of tartan of a colour ranging from blue to bluish grey and interspersed in rows. On this one, Lydia had put on a kind of jet-black skirt that covered two-thirds of the school's statutory skirt. Another \"improvement\" to his regulatory uniform had been to replace the neat, white shirt with a black one. Percy, on the other hand, wore a casual outfit, but like Lydia, his black hair was swayed by the wind. \"Let's go back to the Peaceful Pines road,\" said Percy, and the two young pair rode hard. The sound of thunder, which at first was heard far away, was now loud and repeated more regularly, as was the almost continuous flash of lightning, casting the shadow of the two young cyclists in strange angles and dreadful shapes that invited surprise and fainting. The sound of rain was coming, neither Lydia nor Percy could escape the storm. \"Look Percy, there's a covered bridge up ahead!\" Lydia said and the two of them started pedalling harder. The covered bridge offered protection from the heavy rain and hail that followed. The storm just above the bridge unfolded several powerful lightning bolts, some of them in the form of spectral hands that wanted to grab something or someone from the ground to carry it into the darkness. \"What's that loud noise?\" Percy asked. \"They look like debris bumping into each other... They are rocks, huge rocks that bump into each other because of the force of the water that carries them downstream.2 Lydia and Percy approached the entrance of the covered bridge and saw to their amazement that the rocks were huge. The size of one-story houses were carried away by the current of the river which had increased its flow until it was close to licking the base of the bridge. \"Let's cross the bridge!\" Percy shouted, but it was too late, the rocks crashed into the covered bridge and the whole structure cracked. The cyclists pedaled on their footsteps and stopped for a moment, just a brief moment, long enough to see the entire structure of the bridge swallowed up by the raging waters and chopped up by the huge rocks that kept bumping into each other. For Lydia, who was a Gothic girl, rain and lightning did not pose the same ominous threat as they did for other people, but the strong hail was not the ideal climate for unprotected gazing at the dark beauties that a strong storm could offer. \"Nyaouch, the hailstones hurt me!\" Complained Percy, who at the time had pulled out his tail and cat ears. The young man was a cat boy, not a furry-like creature. Percy had no cat face, no whiskers, no cat eyes, no cat paws. It had an elegant black feline tail, as well as two cat ears, which at that time were protected by the hands of the cat boy. \"We have to seek refuge!\" Lydia shouted to make herself heard above the roar of the storm. \"I see a light, come on!\" Percy said, thanks to his superior catboy view and the two friends hurriedly pedaled to what appeared to be a house on the edge of the forest. The hail became more intense and Percy complained more because of the pain in his ears. \"Keep the tandem balanced!\" Lydia shouted so that Percy who was behind her could hear her. Percy's tail held Lydia's handlebar tightly, while she raised her right arm and directed her face to the sky despite the storm. An ethereal light of spectral nature shone in Lydia's palm and then a huge Victorian umbrella floated over the pair and followed them without the need for anyone to hold it. The wind was strong but did not seem to affect the huge black umbrella that turned vertically on its axis formed by a handle made of lacquered bones and dark brown, and showed flirtatiously its sombre and elegant design arabesques. Already protected from the rain, Lydia and Percy resumed the march with fear in their hearts because of the possibility of being struck by lightning. A bluish flash of lightning fell near them, causing the hairs on Percy's tail to bristle. Even Lydia noticed the hair on the back of her neck twitching. \"We'd better leave the tandem here and run,\" said Lydia. Leaving the tandem, the two boys ran towards the house. The hail had already passed but the strong wind made the rain fall at a very sharp angle and it fell not only from above, but also from the sides. \"Percy use: 'transformation', 'wings', and 'extendable legs'.\" Lydia asked him, and Percy then turned himself into a jet-coloured house cat. Then, he grew a pair of huge black wings. Percy stuck to Lydia's back and her legs extended beyond their original length, firmly surrounding her friend's chest and waist. In this way, the two friends now flew in a horizontal pose while still being covered by the magic umbrella. In the distance one would think that Lydia had two large black wings on her back, and this strange silhouette came to the front of the house. \"Percy, quickly, transform yourself again and hide your ears and tail,\" asked Lydia and then with an elegant movement of her arm, made the magic umbrella disappear. Then Lydia knocked on the door of the house a couple of times. The door of sturdy white painted wood slid open and blond hair almost covering blue eyes peeked out the door. \"Yes, who are you?\" \"Excuse me, but my friend and I got caught in the storm.\" \"Your friend?\" \"Yes, this is Percy, and my name is Lydia. Please, could you give us shelter somewhere?\" The blonde girl observed Percy in the first place. The black-haired boy was handsome but with a slim build, he was not muscular, rather he had a slim, athletic figure, and his face... he was the most handsome boy she had ever seen in her life, he seemed not to be real. Then she looked at Lydia and was surprised by the stark contrast between her very white skin and her jet-black hair. The girl was very pretty, she could have been a movie actress, she had a face that could have been on the cover of several magazines and she didn't have any makeup on. However, what struck her most was the school suit she was wearing. \"Come in, my name is Viola, you're from Miss Shannon's all-girls school?\" \"That's right, are you enrolled in that school too?\" \"No, that school is in Peaceful Pines, the fancy neighborhood of Winter River. I'm enrolled in Winter River Public School, how's your friend?\" \"Percy lives in my house but prefers to educate himself in a self-taught way.\" \"How's that?\" \"It's kind of... complicated.\" \"You must have a lot of money to study at Miss Shannon, do you also live at Peaceful Pines?\" \"No,\" said Percy, \"we live on the hill on the main street.\" \"The one across the covered bridge, the one in red?\" \"That's right,\" said Percy, who was walking around the place with a lot of fun, giving free rein to his curiosity. \"Wow, that's the hill the Maitlands used to live on.\" \"Did you know the Maitlands?\" Lydia asked. \"No, it was my father who knew them. They had a very well stocked hardware store and my father went there a lot to buy things... I think the owners were called...\" \"It was Adam and Barbara,\" Percy answered quickly and then changed the topic of conversation, which was taking a dangerous course for him, \"Don't you live far from Winter River, how far do your parents let you go to school if it's so far away, is it true that they call this forest the witch's forest?\" \"Hey, I don't live that far away, just across the covered bridge you're in Peaceful Pines and then there's the public school. I live alone with my father since my mother died many years ago, and about the forest... it's funny, but the hill where you live is called... uh, this...\" \"Yes, don't worry,\" said Lydia, taking a sigh, \"at school they also call me \"the witch of Peaceful Pines\".\" Viola watched Lydia very closely. \"Well, I think there's nothing wrong with being a witch, I myself have a friend who lives in the woods and is a witch, her name is... Ellen.\" CONTINUARÁ... This fanfic is for Lydia Deetz fans, played by Winona Ryder, in the movie Bettlejuice by Tim Burton (the batman director, the strange world of Jack, the bride's corpse, etc.) A new magic power for Lydia! That Victorian/Gothic umbrella thing, that's a touch I really liked.[Chapter 2] LYDIA DEETZ AND THE WITCH'S HOUSE Capítulo 2: The cat came out of the bag A black spider, as black as night and with long legs resembling claws, ran its web, which was built on the surface of one of the small tall windows on the first floor of Viola's house. The strong wind of the storm made the dirty glass vibrate, but the spider did not change its mind, it seemed to be laughing at the black storm and its dark and vain intentions to break the glass. Far below the web bathed in the yellow light of the spotlight, two girls and a boy were sitting at a large, but somewhat rough, wooden table. From the spider's perspective, the three children appear to be trapped flies ready to be wrapped and then devoured. \"Thanks for the tea, Viola\" Lydia thanked the blonde girl. \"From what Percy told me, you're Gothic. I thought you preferred coffee.\" \"No, tea is my favorite.\" \"Black tea,\" said Percy, who was drinking hot milk at the time and making Viola laugh. Lydia lowered the blood-red tea and gracefully raised her eyebrows and looked up at Percy for a second before smiling gently at the cat boy's words. \"Hey Percy,\" said Viola, a little worried, \"are you sure the milk isn't too hot?\" \"Yes, and I love it,\" said Percy happily, \"before I couldn't drink hot milk, it had to be lukewarm and it had to be reduced with water.\" \"Eh, why?\" \"As Lydia would say, it's complicated.\" \"You might say so,\" said the Gothic girl. Seeing that her two guests preferred to keep quiet about certain things, Viola preferred not to insist on the matter. \"I'm sorry, Viola,\" said Lydia, \"you told us earlier that you had a friend who lived in the woods.\" \"A witch friend!\" Suddenly Percy said, who raised his arm and put on a happy face. \"Yes, but I think I exaggerated that about her being a witch. The other children say that she is a witch because she lives in the forest in an old house and it is very scary... like your house Lydia.\" \"I see...\" said Lydia and an awkward silence fell over the three young kids.\" \"Viola mistrusts,\" thought Lydia. \"She realized that Percy and I kept secrets. I don't want to keep secrets from Viola, but I don't know how she'll take the matter of Percy actually being an anime/manga catboy and me being a witch.\" \"And you live alone in this house?\" Lydia asked her a bit suspicious about the personal question. \"No, my dad lives with me, my mom died giving birth to me.\" \"I'm so sorry, Viola.\" \"Don't worry, what about you?... There are crazy rumors going around about your family, are they really coming from New York?\" \"Yes, I used to live on Prince Street. Because of my father's nervous breakdown we decided to move to Winter River.\" \"It must be very boring in Winter River, if you compare it to New York.\" \"Actually, I'd rather be here, I like to live in my own house than in a rented one.\" \"But the house and the garden were very big,\" said Percy, who seemed to want to lick his empty cup of milk and hold the cup tight with his long, delicate fingers, \"oh, how good my hands feel, they're already warm... hot, hot, hot!\" \"How big is it?\" \"About 65,000 square feet,\" Lydia said calmly, holding Percy's hands with her fingers that were nothing to envy the cat boy's. \"Are you all right, Percy?\" Viola opened the mouth because of the shock. \"That's amazing! You're rich, no wonder you're enrolled in Miss Shannon!\" Viola said impressed, making Lydia smile uncomfortably. \"But you don't look like the girls who study at Miss Shannon's... I don't mean being Gothic!\" she hastened to say, \"is that Miss Shannon's girls are all arrogant.\" \"They are,\" said Percy, loose from his body. \"I think every school has its challenges,\" said Lydia with a sad smile. \"I can't wait to go to New York. A year ago the town held a raffle to raise funds to send the best students from the public school to New York City. Mrs. Jane organized the event.\" \"The real estate lady? She sold us the house after the Maitlands died.\" \"She herself, too bad my grades were terrible. So you like living here.\" \"That's right, I always wanted to live in my own house no matter how small.\" \"But the house is huge,\" said Percy, who now matched Lydia's attentions and stroked his girlfriend's fingers. \"Yes, it's a bonus that the house is Victorian style.\" \"I thought it was Gothic,\" said Viola, \"what's the difference?\" \"No wonder you're confused. See,\" Lydia explained, \"is the term used to describe huge buildings such as Renaissance churches and public buildings such as the Westminster palace, which, of course, is neo-Gothic in style and dates back to the end of the 19th century.\" \"And the Victorian houses?\" asked Viola. \"The architecture of the houses of the late 19th century is called Victorian. If it's something bigger like churches or the English parliament, it's called Gothic. Of course, today Victorian style houses are called Gothic.\" \"Lydia, your house is on the top of a very narrow, high hill, it looks like something out of a horror movie.\" \"That's right, I love it.\" \"How do you get all the way up that hill?\" \"Lydia is very athletic, she was even asked to be part of the school cheerleading squad once,\" Percy said, \"she always rides her bike home. As for me as a cat boy, I'm not tired either.\" \"...Huh?\" Viola was confused by what Percy said, and the fact that Lydia and her friend's faces showed surprise made the matter more mysterious. The wind gave way to the glass and it fell to the ground, spider web and all. CRASH Poor Percy couldn't take it anymore and pulled out his ears and cat's tail. Making viola open the mouth. \"...Re... You're a witch! Unbelievable!\" \"I'm so sorry, Lydia!\" \"Oh, Percy...\" Lydia had to tell Viola everything about Percy and confess that she was a witch. Viola was open-mouthed after Lydia's brief explanation, there were a lot of things she wanted to ask her but there would be time for that, now she had to come clean with her two friends and tell her all about Ellen. \"She lives alone in a house?\" Percy asked. \"Yes, it's the only house inside the forest.\" \"And her parents?\" Lydia asked. \"Ellen told me they died a year ago.\" \"That's strange,\" said Lydia, \"you friend tells me she's seven, so she is an orphan since six. How did she manage to survive a whole year on her own, and what about the authorities, shouldn't they take care of Ellen?\" \"Please don't! Ellen doesn't want to be taken to an orphanage! She has no family and I plan to have her live with me and my father.\" \"But it is not convenient for such a little girl to live alone,\" insisted Lydia. \"I visit Ellen every day and make sure she's okay, and I'm about to convince her to move in with me. After all, you're right, she's so sick she can't go on living alone.\" \"And what's wrong with that little girl?\" Percy said. \"I think it's anemia from the symptoms, she can't get out of the house for long.\" \"But that's terrible! We have to get her to a hospital,\" Lydia said worried. Ellen told me she would go, but first she wants me to help her with a magic trick. \"And what kind of trick does she want to do?\" wanted to know Percy. \"She told me she wants to trade bodies for a day, to know what it feels like to be healthy. She's been sick all her life.\" \"That's a very complex spell,\" said Lydia. \"That's not a problem for Ellen because she's very smart, she read the whole library in her house, the one with the big books.\" Nothing Viola said fit to Lydia, how could such a little girl read a library? In addition, Winter River was not a very large city, but rather a large town that enclosed a community for wealthy people like those who lived in Peaceful Pines, surely the authorities should have heard about Ellen and her parents even though they lived inside the surrounding forest, however, until now they had not intervened. \"I think the sooner you convince her to come to your house and stay, the better it will be for her,\" Lydia said, \"she may be afraid to go to a doctor, but you have to convince her to come to your house.\" \"But Ellen told me that she wanted to talk about the body swap first.\" \"You mustn't let her do that. A spell like that requires a lot of stamina and concentration. If your friend is so sick, it would be a huge risk to her life to try to make the exchange of bodies, especially with how small she is.\" \"I understand, Lydia, I'll try to convince her first thing in the morning. I'm so worried about Ellen because of the storm, I hope nothing happened to her.\" At that moment the door of the house was opened at the same time as the last thunderstorm hit the open field. A large, strong figure entered the house and carried a hunting rifle. The man saw his daughter and two companions. The first seemed to be a girl of the same age as Viola, because the school uniform appeared to be not from her daughter's public school, but rather from Miss Shannon's school for girls; the second was a boy in casual clothes with a cat's tail and ears. The man must have seen badly because of the storm water running down his face and began to rub his eyes. As he looked again he saw that there was nothing wrong with the young man who was inside his house at the time with the girl from the private school. \"Dad, I'm so glad you're here! Lydia, Percy, meet my father, he's a hunter and his name is Travis.\" CONTINUARÁ... The content of this chapter is based on the original script by Michael McDowell and Larry Wilson of June 1, 1985, and not on the subsequent script of February 3, 1987 on which the film was based. I emphasize again that this work is not intended to be for profit and does not wish to violate any rights of Mr. McDowell and Mr. Wilson.[Chapter 3] LYDIA DEETZ AND THE WITCH'S HOUSE Capítulo 3: Ravens and frogs in the cursed forest The sky early in the morning was gray due to the clouds that did not decide whether to continue or not with the storm of the previous night. Only a few distant thunderbolts threatened in vain all the creatures that dwelled on the earth. \"The storm is over,\" said Lydia, \"but the drizzle continues.\" \"The smell of grass and wet soil is intense,\" said Percy. \"Follow my father and you will reach Winter River,\" said Viola, \"as the other bridge collapsed, you will have to take the old stone bridge.\" \"This time,\" said Travis, Viola's father, \"it's a long detour, so we'd better get going.\" Percy went to take the tandem and Lydia hugged Viola to thank her and say goodbye. \"Thanks for letting us stay at your place, Viola. Don't forget what I told you about Ellen, don't do the body swapping spell.\" Viola was about to answer her friend but Travis was already rushing the kids and Lydia had to get on the tandem with Percy. The soft chirping of the morning birds was replaced by a loud chirping as the morning progressed and the three finally reached the old stone bridge. A pair of majestic crows walked arrogantly across the bridge while apparently squawking at the fog that was beginning to swirl around. \"There used to be a crude bridge made of fallen trees, the Crow tribe natives built it,\" Travis said. \"All this land belonged to them before they were relocated to the Indian reservation.\" \"Thank you very much Mr. Travis, I think that from here Percy and I can go quietly to Winter River.\" \"You're welcome, Lydia, I'll go ahead, I have to tell the mayor's office about the collapse of the bridge.\" The man walked away and Lydia went to the crows who looked at her curiously. \"What are you doing, Lydia?\" Percy asked her. Before I go back to the village, I have to do something... . . Lydia's snobby stepmother, Delia Deetz, was reluctant to get up late because she had to make sure her stepdaughter went to school. Charles, her husband, was still sleeping while he was babbling something that sounded like a \"double bacon burger\". The man missed the New York food. \"I think Charles needs more of my culinary delicacies,\" said the insufferable woman, who remained convinced that her disgusting dishes were a delight. \"Lydia, get ready for school!\" said Delia as she knocked on the door of her stepdaughter's room, \"Yesterday you didn't tell us you arrived young lady!\" No one answered and when Delia was about to open the girl's room, a voice was heard on the other side of the door. \"I woke up, I'm going to school right away.\" \"Are you okay? Your voice sounds like you have a cold.\" \"I'm going to school right away.\" The woman decided to go back to her room and continue sleeping, as a raven came out of Lydia's room, around her feathered neck, a ring of fuchsia light had just burst into thousands of tiny fragments. Lydia's spell was over. . . The Gothic girl barely arrived in the village, rushed to the newspaper library and searched for news about the house in the forest next to Viola's house. \"...Oh no.\" Meanwhile, at the house in the woods, Viola was telling Ellen about her friends Lydia and Percy. \"And did Lydia tell you when she would visit you again?\" Ellen asked Viola, as she made an effort to keep her voice sounding like that of a sick child and not reveal her surprise at the news her blonde friend brought her. \"She didn't tell me an exact date, but I guess it will be tomorrow since it's Saturday.\" There was not much time, if at first the description of Viola's Gothic friend had interested her, now she considered Lydia not as a better prospect than Viola for the body exchange spell, but rather as a danger to her plans. Even his catboy friend might bring complications, no, it was best to hurry up the plans. \"Cog, Viola, it hurts so much.\" \"Ellen, you have to go to the hospital.\" \"Cog, I don't think I can even get out of the house.\" \"Wait for me, I'll get help!\" \"Cog, cog, cog... I'll be dead before you get there.\" \"Don't give up!\" \"I beg you, Viola... the spell.\" \"But...\" \"Before I die, I want to see what it feels like to run free in the field... At least that before I die!\" Ellen started crying and only stopped when she had a sudden coughing attack. You could tell she was breathing harder and harder. \"Okay, Ellen, just tell me what to do.\" . . Lydia and Percy rushed to the mayor's office but were unable to locate Travis, so they left him a message as they were told he would be back soon. \"Percy, we have to hurry to meet Viola, she's in serious danger.\" \"But with the tandem we won't get there soon, remember that the covered bridge is no longer there. What are we gonna do, we gonna fly?\" \"The sky is clear now, I don't think it's wise to do it. I have an idea, let's go to the village cemetery.\" The cemetery was located between the residential neighborhood of Peaceful Pines and the rest of the town of Winter River. It was respectable in size and the occasional tree adorned the surroundings with its greenery, except for one that lay upright but devoid of almost all its leaves on all its knotty and twisted branches. The tree was intimidating with deep, black openings that gave him the appearance of a dark face with a huge mouth, ready to devour whoever approached him. \"Lydia, what do we do now?\" \"We will go through the \"darkness\". It's like traveling through the realm of perpetual shadows, we'll get there fast.\" \"Lydia, this reminds me of that movie \"The Endless Story 2\".\" \"Albert Einstein would say that it is nonsense that the \"speed\" of darkness is greater than the speed of light, but remember that magic twists the fundamental laws of physics.\" \"Will we be safe there?\" \"As long as we try only to \"bend\" the physical laws and not \"break\" them, we will not have any problem.\" Then the two kids hugged each other and their bodies plunged to the ground until they disappeared. Travelling in the dark was like swimming with your eyes closed and not being able to reach out your arms at will, and feeling something around you in that perpetual darkness. It was like swimming in the depths of the ocean and a sea serpent swimming around your body. Although the displacement was noticeable, in real time, only one blink had occurred and both Lydia and Percy emerged vertically from the ground and without any trace of being covered with earth. \"We arrived in front of the viola house, let's go in!\" Lydia said hastily, and suddenly opened the front door, which was apparently unlocked. Lydia called Viola, but Percy with his super-developed cat boy senses said there was no one home. \"It's best if we go into the woods and try to locate Ellen's house,\" Percy suggested. \"The forest is very big,\" said Lydia, \"the best thing is to fly and try to locate a clearing, the house must be located in a clearing in the forest.\" The kids left Viola's house and, as they did when they were caught in the storm, they started to fly. When they tried to fly over the forest, a wind apparently formed by dark green leaves began to surround them and hit them hard. \"Percy, it's impossible to move forward, let's go back to Viola's house!\" The children returned and at that moment a group of crows approached them. The flock was led by a crow so old that he was almost blind and was helped by other younger crows. \"...Flying over the forest is impossible because of the spell of evil,\" graced the old raven called: chief, \"you must walk through the forest but the evil mist will make you lose yourself. Take gifts, this \"calumet\" (peace pipe) has powerful magic tobacco that will ward off evil...\" \"Thanks Chief, wish my partner and I luck,\" Lydia thanked him after receiving the gifts and wrapping them carefully. The two companions entered the forest and noticed how the atmosphere changed. On the outskirts there was a pleasant sunny climate, while in the dark forest, the sky vault seemed to be covered with grey clouds and the countless leaves did not allow enough sunlight to filter through. \"For a forest, It's very quiet.\" \"It's true Lydia, my ears can't hear anything,\" said Percy as he grabbed his tail nervously. \"Look Percy, the fog is beginning to surround us.\" \"Leave this to me, Lydia.\" \"All right.\" Lydia passed to Percy, the peace pipe. Once it was lit, Percy started smoking and puffing. The thick fog began to give way to the faint vortex of smoke from Percy's lips, allowing the children to move through the forest. In order not to separate, Percy stretched his tail and it was firmly around Lydia's waist. In that, the children heard a high-pitched cry that apparently came from a stream in the forest. As they approached, they saw that it was a frog and its offspring, who were inconsolable. Lydia wanted to know the reason for her mournful cry and the frog explained that her husband had entered the witch's house in search of one of her offspring and had not yet returned. What about your missing son?\" Lydia asked. \"He's back, but my husband's still missing.\" \"Could you show us the way to the haunted house?\" Percy asked her. \"We're looking for our friend, she's inside the house. While we're looking for her, we'll see if your husband's here too.\" The frog accepted and along with her frogs, led the two kids to the haunted house. \"How strange,\" said the frog, \"the passage leading to the house is blocked by all these roses.\" The frog stepped forward and found a passage through the middle of the rose bush through which Lydia and Percy could pass. Percy turned into a black cat and Lydia did the same. The two dark cats crossed the rose bush with the frog and then returned to their original forms. \"I'm a catboy again! I can't hide my ears and tail!\" \"Apparently this place has magic that disrupts whatever power we may have.\" \"What do we do now?\" \"For the time being we should head for the house. You, ma'am, go back to your children and get out of the woods, it's dangerous. Outside are the crows and they won't hurt you.\" The frog thanked Lydia and returned to the rose bush. Lydia stroked the roses and turned around so that together with Percy, they could go to look for Viola. CONTINUARÁ... Thank you for reading, don't forget to vote and leave your comment, pretty please[Chapter 4] LYDIA DEETZ AND THE WITCH'S HOUSE Capítulo 4: Mother and her puppy The evil mist was present within the clearing with the difference that here it ran faster due to a supernatural wind howling like a hungry wolf and ready to be satisfied with human flesh. \"I'd better light the peace pipe,\" Percy suggested, but was stopped by Lydia. \"No need Percy, the fog was meant to disorientate us in the forest. Here in the clearing it loses its target.\" Just a few steps ahead, Percy sensed a tiny glimmer of light a few feet away from the clearing. \"Look Lydia...\" \"We'd better investigate.\" The two kids found an old machete, it was stuck in a stump. It reminded them in a way of the excalibur sword. \"Leave this to me, Lydia,\" said the catboy and then pulled the machete out of the hard stump, then Percy's ears went to the clearing. \"What's going on, Percy?\" \"Viola is in the clearing.\" \"We'd better go to her.\" Viola looked confused because she couldn't get out of the clearing and made a jump when she saw Lydia and Percy approach her to meet her. \"...Lydia, Percy.\" \"Viola, you're all right!\" Lydia asked her worried. \"Eh, yeah, I just can't get out of the clearing because of the roses.\" \"We can't get out of the clearing either, I think we're trapped,\" said Lydia, while Percy's ears turned in his girlfriend's direction. Percy has a machete, but I doubt we can use it to get out. \"Going towards the house,\" said Viola, \"there is a passage that leads to the house, but it is blocked by other roses, but not as numerous as the rose garden in front of us.\" \"What can we do, Lydia?\" Percy asked nervously. \"I think we have no choice but to head for the house, maybe we can find a way out of here.\" \"Are you sure you can't do anything, Lydia?\" asked Viola. \"Nothing at all,\" denied Lydia with her head, \"once here, I discovered that my magic was neutralized. Tell me, Viola, do you think you can convince Ellen to follow us home? It's obvious this place is responsible for your friend's deteriorating health.\" \"I don't think so, Lydia. In fact, I think it's Ellen who won't let us leave the house. The best thing to do is to avoid her... you see, she's gone crazy and now she's very dangerous.\" \"But didn't you say she was sick?\" Percy asked. \"She's dangerous, I can see that now! We gotta get out of this place! I just want to go back to my dad,\" said Viola and cried. \"Lydia...\" \"I know, Percy. Well, Viola's right, this evil environment is draining our lives, even if we stay here, we'll end up dying. The only way out we have is to get into the house and get a way out of here.\" The three present nodded their eyes and headed for the house. To the left of the road was a dead tree and to the right a live one. The plants that adorned the surrounding area wore their opaque petals, surely a product of the cursed aura that surrounded the whole place. Arriving at the passage obstructed by the roses, the boys stopped and at a sign from Lydia, Percy cut the roses with his machete. The passage was now unlocked, but the machete broke into several pieces. \"The machete was our only weapon and now we've lost it,\" complained Percy. \"This is a situation that we will not solve with the use of force,\" said Lydia. The three companions then went to the entrance of Ellen's house. Like a huge mass, Ellen's house seemed to be indifferent to the surrounding wind. \"It's not a Gothic house,\" said Lydia, \"it's more like an Elizabethan house because of its cube shape, but without any mullion. Only a few small windows.\" \"Lydia, that house scares me.\" \"Is your house just like this Lydia?\" wanted to know Viola. \"My house is Gothic style, this house is more like a simple old house. We'd better get inside.\" The three friends went through the front door and noticed that the interior was poorly lit. \"It's not an Elizabethan-style house,\" observed Lydia, \"the main foyer is not spacious. This is more like the antechamber to a prison, anyone can get in, but getting out is something else.\" \"Do you think the whole house looks just like this room?\" Percy asked a little apprehensive as his ears turned to a dark corner of the room. \"It's the safest thing to do. Viola, Percy, we'd better move on, but first we'd better introduce ourselves to our friend.\" \"Nyajejejeje, I see you've discovered me,\" said a black cat that emerged from the shadows of a corner of the room. \"A cousin of mine!\" Percy exclaimed as he stood on all fours and wagged his tail and ears happily. \"Yes... I guess, why not,\" said the cat as he turned his eyes away and pushed Percy's face away with his paw. \"Who are you?\" Lydia asked. \"I'm just a stray cat who has no master and no name.\" \"Are you here to bother us?\" asked Viola frowning. \"None of that,\" said the black cat with a laugh, \"you guys look like a very funny bunch. I think I'll come with you guys for some fun.\" \"Let's go then,\" said Lydia and the group walked through the door. The next room was darker than the previous one, at least in the previous one there were some furniture and lamps that emitted a pale light that illuminated very little. Here, however, the room lacked any furniture and the floor was made of rough stone. There was a sign nailed to the front wall. \"Wait!\" Viola shouted as she was holding Lydia, \"Don't step on that bloodstain... it gives me a bad feeling.\" The group surrounded the bloodstain and read the sign. \"Come to my room.\" It seemed that nothing more could be done in the room and they returned in his footsteps. However, as they walked through the door, they saw to their surprise that they were in a different room than the main hall of the house. It had similar furniture and the lamps lit better, though not too brightly. \"What happened?\" Percy asked. \"We took a step forward,\" said Lydia, \"the first of many on this tightrope. We have to be careful if we are not to fall into the abyss.\" \"Yeah, I don't think there's a safety net downstairs,\" said Viola. \"This is fun,\" laughed the black cat, \"I will follow you from time to time to laugh.\" The black cat decided to sit down and groom himself while the group went to the room on the left. There was a pair of huge scissors that were attached to a metal table by a thin chain. \"Don't break the chain, Percy\" Lydia asked, \"I think the house and Ellen are challenging us in a game of wit. If we try to break the rules, we'll lose out.\" The friends went across the hall and found another room with a teddy bear in a wicker basket. Just like in the naked room, there was another sign. \"Put the bears in the basket.\" It was clear what was to be done next and all three went to the room at the far end to the north. They had to pass through a narrow corridor that was crowned at one end by an ancient and elegant wall clock. To the right of the clock, there was another room. \"This looks like an office of sorts,\" Percy said, and it did look like one, except for the pile of toys piled up in a corner. \"There's the teddy bear,\" said Viola and then went to get the doll. Percy, who was snooping around, saw a wooden shelf that couldn't be opened. Meanwhile, Lydia was reading a few notes, apparently fragments of a diary. \"I was sick, so nobody played with me.\" \"My father and mother didn't love me.\" \"How sad, Lydia,\" Percy said as he read the note over the Gothic girl's shoulder, \"it's just like your case.\" Viola stared at Lydia. \"Really?\" asked the girl in the golden braids. \"My mother died a long time ago. My father and stepmother have other interests than me. Come on, let's go on.\" Lydia offered Viola her hand. She hesitated for a few seconds and took Lydia's hand, then they set out to leave the room. PUM One of the packages that was next to the other toys fell to the floor very quickly. \"Lydia... that package was in the pile,\" Percy said nervously, \"it's like someone threw it away.\" Both you and I can see ghosts. But the magic of the house inhibits our powers. \"Then we'd better get out of here,\" said Viola. The sound of the wall clock was heard louder than usual due to the oppressive silence of the house, even the sound of the children's footsteps seemed to want to go unnoticed, as well as the heartbeat of everyone, which threatened to stop so as not to disturb the solemn silence. \"Hey, that's a cute little bear,\" said the black cat when he saw the boys coming back from the office, \"no one in their right mind would hurt anything so cute.\" Lydia frowned and walked away. Upon arriving at the other side of the room, Viola, who had the teddy bear, proceeded to put it on the metal table and began to cut off his arms with the scissors. With each cut more and more blood gushed out, staining the scissors. \"Lydia!\" Percy shouted, but Lydia stood still as she looked at Viola. \"I think this should do it,\" said Viola and Lydia nodded. SPLASH Just as they were about to leave the room, the wall by the door was covered with a blood stain. It seemed to be the footprint of a bear's leg. \"We better pick up the pace,\" Lydia suggested. \"I see I'm wrong,\" said the black cat lazily when he saw the bleeding bear. SHUSH The lamps suddenly went out, making everyone look around nervously. \"Something is haunting us,\" Percy said, \"something big.\" \"Lydia is right, let's hurry up,\" said Viola as she squeezed the teddy bear tighter. Arriving at the room with the wicker basket, Viola was able to put the little teddy bear next to the other one representing her mother. SPLASH A bloodstain hit the wall, it was a bear print. CLICK The sound of a door lock unlocking was heard. \"Let's not dwell on it,\" said Lydia and everyone went out into the hallway of the lamps that had just gone out. STUMP One of the vases fell to the floor. RWWWWWWR A giant teddy bear with eyes without eyelids and a bloody mouth bounced with terrifying speed towards the children. There was no time to say run or even scream. The three of them turned around in less than a heartbeat and as this completed it, they crossed the door to escape from the giant infernal doll. \"What the hell, what the hell was that!\" Percy shouted. \"Something I don't think we'll see again,\" said Lydia as she pointed to the wicker basket. The basket was somewhere else far from the center of the room and both the mother and the cub cried. \"I think it's safe to go back now,\" said Lydia, \"the sound we heard earlier was the sound of the scissors door.\" Percy was apprehensive, but he followed the girls anyway. The door was already unlocked, they could explore the rest of the house. PUM The bleeding arms of the stuffed animal fell off suddenly from God knows where. \"Are we going to give them back to the toy?\" Percy asked. \"No,\" said Viola, \"they may be useful to us.\" Lydia nodded and the three of them walked through the door into the haunted house. CONTINUARÁ... Thank you for reading, don't forget to leave your votes and comments, pretty please.[Chapter 5] LYDIA DEETZ AND THE WITCH'S HOUSE Capítulo 5: The cook's tribulations The door opened with the sound of dry wood and the kids entered a spacious but poorly lit dining room. \"It's strange,\" said Lydia, \"some parts of the house are covered in cobwebs, giving the impression that the house is abandoned. But the tablecloth on the dining room table is very clean and neat.\" \" What's that over there, Lydia?\" Percy asked, as he approached a bowl on the side of the table. \"I think it's poison,\" said Viola. \"How do you know that?\" Lydia asked. \"What else could it be? So far we haven't seen Ellen. I'm sure this is her trap.\" \"Viola's right, Lydia,\" said Percy, sniffing the bowl, \"this is not for eating.\" The children surrounded the table and saw another worn and moldy paper sign next to a door to the north. \"The cook is tired, give him a hand\" \"What can this mean,\" asked Percy. Lydia shook her head, nodding to the cat boy that she didn't know what the message meant either, and when she put her very white-fingered hand on the doorknob, she was stopped by Viola. \"This door gives me a bad feeling, we'd better find another way out,\" said Viola with a nervous look. \"All right. I see another door out front, we'd better get over there.\" As they walked through the door, they saw to their surprise that they had reached the previous corridor. \"You scared me! Don't just come out of nowhere!\" The black cat shouted at them as he bristled his fur. \"Hey, are we back in the hallway? What's going on?\" wanted to know Percy, who, like the black cat, bristled the hairs on his black tail. \"Apparently the house changes its structure or part of its structure, depending on which door we go through,\" Lydia explained, \"if that is the case, it would be very dangerous for us to separate to cover more ground. Not that I was considering the idea in the first place, since the worst thing to do in these cases is to separate.\" \"What can we do?\" Percy asked. \"Viola, there's no alternative. We must go by the north gate, there is no other way.\" Viola accepted with a resigned face and the three friends returned to the dining room. The black cat, however, decided to stay in the hallway. \"Lydia, look!\" Percy said. The bowl had changed shape and was now equal to a person's skull, with the exception that the top had been cut off and now the skull served as a macabre replacement for the bowl. \"The poison is still in the bowl,\" said Lydia. Then, the boys got up the courage and opened the northern door next to the sign. Apparently they had arrived at the kitchen of the old house. The floor was made up of small blue stone cobblestones that formed mushroom-shaped patterns and on top of them a small black mouse rushed from place to place that reminded them of a piece of charcoal. \"Easy, Percy,\" Lydia calmed the catboy, who immediately put his ears on alert and each of his hands made a fist. It was obvious he wanted to chase the rodent. \"Look,\" said Viola as she pointed her finger at the back of the poorly lit kitchen. TICK, TICK, TICK, TICK. At first Lydia couldn't see anything, all she could hear was a constant, repetitive sound, it seemed as if someone was using a knife on a wooden stand. And then when Lydia noticed that sound, she could see what Viola was pointing to. The kitchen knife looked like it was cutting vegetables, yet no one was holding the knife. \"A ghost,\" said Lydia, seeing how the invisible ghost cast a faint shadow over the cobblestones. \"You couldn't see the ghost Lydia?\" Percy said strangely. \"The house apparently nullified all my magical powers, including those relating to perception, what about you Percy?\" \"I couldn't see him either. I can't see ghosts or turn into a cat, I bet you I can't catch that ghost either.\" \"What are we going to do, Lydia?\" Viola asked apprehensively. \"We'd better go through the door on the right.\" The door was locked and it seems that the house also cancelled out Percy's extreme strength, as the cat boy couldn't force the door even though he tried. \"I see a spice rack and a book right behind the ghost,\" Lydia said, \"maybe we'll get some clues.\" \"And the ghost?\" said Viola, frowning. \"If he had wanted to hurt us, he would have attacked us already. The ghost is trapped in a loop of reasoning, a repetitive task that will not interrupt it until an external factor exits the loop, so we should not talk to him or touch him.\" The three boys nodded nervously and went to the back of the narrow kitchen. There was not much room between the ghost and a table, but they managed to get to the spice rack very carefully. The spice rack was ordinary and they could not see anything out of the ordinary. \"We'd better read the book,\" Viola suggested, as she read the title of the book: dining with aristocrats. \"People of power and wealth have long enjoyed the silverware dinner.\" \"Using utensils so difficult to clean, they could employ servants to demonstrate their wealth.\" \"Also, the silverware changes color on contact with the poison, which makes it very useful.\" \"I don't think there's anything useful in this book,\" said Percy sadly. \"The book actually gives us a clue as to what we should do next,\" said Lydia. \"Since there are no silver utensils on the shelf or anywhere else in the kitchen, all we have to do is talk to the ghost.\" \"Are you sure?\" asked Viola. \"Yes, but we have to interpret the poster notice in a different way. If we offer our help, that is to say, if we offer to \"give him a hand\", the ghost will surely want to cut off our hand and who knows what else. Viola, give me the teddy bear's arms.\" Viola passed Lydia the doll's arms and then the Gothic girl approached the ghost and without a word put the doll's arms on the cutting board. \"Oh thank you, I needed a hand or two,\" said the ghost, \"let me thank you.\" A silver spoon had just materialized next to the cutting board. Lydia grabbed the utensil and without a word left the kitchen with her friends. \"I don't think with this key we can open the door inside the kitchen,\" Lydia said thoughtfully, \"all we can do is use the spoon with the skull shaped bowl.\" The boys went to the table and Lydia put the spoon in the bowl. Almost immediately, the poison changed from a green to a dark color. CLICK. \"What do we do now? We give this to the ghost to drink, maybe now it's some kind of wraith poison,\" asked Viola. \"I don't think so,\" Lydia reasoned, \"we just heard a noise like the sound of a door lock unlocking. We'd better go back to the kitchen and try to open the door.\" CRASH. As the boys headed for the kitchen, a bottle of wine on their shelf suddenly fell to the floor. The kids went into the kitchen and this time they were able to open the door, but not before a bunch of black mice fell to the floor and ran around scared. Percy couldn't take it anymore and started chasing the mice. \"Stupid cat,\" shouted the ghost suddenly when Percy bumped into him, \"you can't even catch a few simple mice. I know what to do with you, there's more than one way to skin a cat. Come on, I'll put you in the pan.\" \"Percy, hurry up, let's go this way!\" Lydia shouted. A pair of invisible knives approached the boys as they brushed against each other to sharpen themselves. The three friends crossed the door and closed it just in time in the \"nostrils\" of the ghost, which no longer dared to pursue them. \"Ah, ah... this cat is a fool,\" said Viola, while taking a breath. \"I'm sorry, Lydia, Viola.\" \"Don't worry, Percy. We'd better take the bleachers upstairs.\" Arriving on the landing where the bleachers led up to the top floor, for a second the boys saw the image of Ellen, but the image faded almost immediately. \"Was that Ellen?\" Lydia asked, and Viola nodded her head as her only answer, while she frowned and gave a hard look. The three of them continued up the steps and reached a corridor that was darker than the corridor below. \"This place is more neglected than downstairs,\" said Lydia, \"look at all the cobwebs.\" The children continued to move forward and passed by a door to get close to the light and in the middle of two candlesticks that did not illuminate the place, there was a medieval armor and next to it, a black cat. \"An ornamental decorative cat... I caught you,\" said the black cat in a funny way. \"How did you get here before us?\" wanted to know Percy. \"There are many openings between the walls,\" said the black cat, \"it is very uncomfortable to go through there, but there is no other way.\" \"And why don't you come with us? That would be more comfortable,\" said Percy. \"...No, I'd rather go at my own pace.\" \"We'd better try our luck with the back door,\" Lydia suggested and everyone nodded. Behind the door there was a narrow corridor that seemed not to belong to the structure of a second floor, since the floor was made up of cobblestones more suitable for a street or an underground cellar, and so it looked that place since they soon arrived at what seemed to be a cellar that surely saw better times, as one and another barrel of wine was abandoned by the place. \"This whole place is full of cobwebs,\" said Percy, as he touched one of the cobwebs. \"Look,\" said Viola, \"another sign.\" \"The spider has bad eyesight, can't even tell colors apart.\" \"We'd better look for clues so we can get out of the house,\" Lydia suggested. Apart from the barrels there was a dusty showcase which did not contribute anything, and next to it, there was a huge web which had captured a huge pale yellow butterfly, which moved its wings wearily. Percy reached out hisr hand to touch the butterfly but was stopped by Viola. \"Don't do it, it's a trap.\" \"Viola's right, Percy, let's go back to the corridor.\" The three friends retraced their steps, nervous because an evil mist was present all over the place. As they walked through the door, a huge black and red striped spider, as big as a horse, peeped its head out from behind the huge web in the corner of the cellar. The gigantic, monstrous-headed arachnid fixed his horrible, bald face on his precious prey. The butterfly barely moved and the movement of its wings seemed to hypnotize those milky eyes that looked at it. The spider's jaws brushed against each other in the same way the ghost cook's knives had done. But instead of heading for its prey, the monster decided to dive into the darkness waiting for a more appetising prey... and preferably warm-blooded... human blood. CONTINUARA... Thank you for reading, don't forget to leave your votes and comments, pretty please.[Chapter 6] LYDIA DEETZ AND THE WITCH'S HOUSE Capítulo 6: the ghost of the library and the red skull Seeing that the abandoned wine cellar offered them no clue as to how to get out of the house, the three friends went to the room passing the black cat and the medieval armor. \"Lets open the northern gate,\" suggested Lydia, and Viola and Percy went after her. As they passed through the door frame, they saw that they had arrived at the library of the old house. The whole room was just as dimly lit as the rest of the place, yet it could be noticed that the floor was made of floor tiles that formed a simple pattern, but had the characteristic of appearing to change its color from beige to ochre, depending on how close the floor was to the light. \"Look, Lydia, there are a lot of books,\" said Percy, who looked at the small bookshelves that made up a total of eight and were very far apart. The gilded titles on the back of the books seemed to give off a glimmer of light, a rare sight considering that the enormous room was almost dark. \"There's something on the right,\" Percy noted. The library did not have a perfect square surface area; to the southeast it extended a wide bend, but unlike the rest of the room, this sector was disordered. Several books were scattered around the place, some open and others piled up as if to form towers. \"There's another ghost in this place,\" Lydia said as she approached the pile of books, \"I can't see him, but like the cook's ghost, this other ghost casts a faint shadow on the floor.\" \"Do you think it's wise to approach?\" asked Viola. \"We won't talk to him, but maybe there's a clue we can find out,\" said Lydia. The three nodded and surrounded the ghost and searched the place. \"Don't touch the books,\" Lydia warned them. The three friends could find nothing and when they were about to return to the booksellers the ghost muttered: \"Stacking these books is not going well, I need something to tie them together\". \"Let's keep exploring,\" said Lydia and the three of them went to the booksellers. SPLASH. A bloodstain appeared on the wall, right in the corner. \"Let's not get distracted, let's go see the books,\" said Viola, and everyone went to the booksellers. The books seemed to touch on mundane subjects, but those whose backs emitted soft sparks seemed to have themes of interest to the group. \"Keys don't open doors in the witch's house, something else must serve as a key.\" \"The shape of the house changes depending on the witch's magic.\" \"You were right, Lydia,\" said Percy, \"this explains the wine cellar room on the second floor.\" \"Let's keep looking at more books,\" said Viola and went to the second row of booksellers with a book called \"A funny story\".\" \"Once upon a time, there was a rich man pushing a wagon full of treasures.\" \"His wagon broke down in the woods, but a hunter and his dog appeared.\" \"The rich man begged the hunter to look after his wagon, which the hunter agreed to.\" \"The rich man went to get a new wagon. Meanwhile, the hunter kept guarding himself.\" \"Night fell early, and the hunter became increasingly concerned about his elderly mother still at home.\" \"So the hunter told the dog to watch the wagon and went home to see his mother.\" \"When the man returned, he saw the dog on guard duty. So he gave the dog a reward for his master, a silver coin, to carry on his snout.\" \"The dog ran all the way home and brought his master the coin. But the hunter rose in fury.\" \"I told you to look at the wagon, and what did you do? You stole something from it! So the master killed the dog.\" ÑIA, JA, JA, JA, JA, JA, JA. A witch's laugh came from a corner of the room, as one of the chairs moved back and forth, as if someone invisible were sitting on it and laughing his head off. As the laughter began, this and the movement of the chair ceased abruptly. Viola who was angry put the book back in its place abruptly. There was only one more bookcase to explore. The books were not of much interest, but in the middle of them were some clippings from a very old newspaper, many of the letters could no longer be read. \"Day... residence consumed by fire... and his wife... was found dead among the remains.\" \"Their bodies were found with stabbing marks, so they are suspected of being killed and the building burned down.\" \"Also,... Ellen the only daughter (about seven years old) is missing since the fire. The police...\" \"That's all the newspaper clippings say,\" said Lydia, \"I don't think we can find anything else of interest here.\" The kids came out of the library and went to the door right in front of them. The room seemed to correspond more to a room on the ground floor than on the floor where they were located. The walls, unlike the rest of the house, were blue and the floor was ripe with carefully laid pebbles, giving it a much better appearance than the abandoned wine cellar. In front of the door there were apparently two insectary of a museum nature, as they did not have live insects, but rather dissected insects. The two insectary were both locked up. \"I think we should take the blue butterfly from the insectary,\" said Lydia. \"You want me to break the glass?\" Percy asked her. \"No, if you do, you'll set off a trap,\" said Lydia. \"Remember that the house is challenging us, we must solve this puzzle, let's go to the other side of the room.\" The room was divided by a narrow corridor with a low relief picture of a white cat made of wood. They kept moving along the hallway which split and went up and down, going up and up, found at the end of the hallway a dusty, battered shelf containing a note. \"Rope in the barrel\" Returning back in their footsteps and going to the end of the corridor, they discovered that there was another one, this time there was a painting of a lady with an umbrella by the river. The corridor led to a tiny room that contained only a tall bookcase. \"A book is missing from this bookcase,\" said Viola. \"What do we do now?\" Percy asked. \"Let's go out into the main hallway and go into the back room,\" Lydia suggested. As they left the room, the boys went to the left and tried to open the door at the back but it was locked. \"Look,\" said Percy and then bent down to take a note. \"Save the butterfly.\" \"Should we take the yellow butterfly?\" Percy asked. \"I don't think so,\" said Lydia, \"let's go to the wine cellar and get the rope.\" The group returned to the cellar and sought the rope in haste as the fog did not give them much confidence. \"I found it!\" Percy said, and they all came out of the wine cellar fast. \"Where are we going now?\" wanted to know Percy. \"Let's go back to the library,\" said Lydia, \"I think we should give the ghost the rope.\" CLANCH. On their way to the library they passed the armor holding the spear in front of them and suddenly the arm holding the spear dropped a couple of inches. Everyone jumped out except the black cat who was grooming at the time. \"Come on, let's go,\" Viola rushed them and they all went into the library. Lydia approached the ghost and without speaking to him, she only offered him the rope. \"Ah! Are you giving me this?\" said the ghost, \"Thank you! take this.\" Suddenly the rope in Lydia's arms disappeared and was replaced by a hardcover, worn-out book. The book of death -Lydia read the title. \"The cover of the book looks safe, but I don't think you should read it,\" said Viola. \"A cursed book can be read if you are in the middle of a pentagram,\" Lydia told her, \"the pentagram drawn on the floor protects you from any evil spell that a book might have. However, you're right, the magic of the house can interfere with the protection of the pentagram.\" \"The bookseller in the insect room is missing a book,\" Percy said, \"do you think this is it?\" \"It's the safest thing,\" Lydia replied, \"let's go back to the insectary.\" As they walked through the library door, they saw the armor in the middle of the hallway moving toward the stairs. \"Let's not follow it,\" Lydia asked, \"let's go to the bookseller of the insectary in a hurry.\" The children went into the room and walked through the interior corridors of the room until they reached the bookshelf. Once there, Lydia put the book of death in the empty space. SLISH. The boys heard a glass lid open, it was one of the insectaries. \"Let's go to the insectary,\" said Lydia and everyone headed for the place. Halfway under the lady's picture with the umbrella, Percy stopped the group while his ears moved nervously. \"Do you hear that?\" It looks like steps, or rather something bouncing in front of us. Both Lydia and Viola put their hands by their ears and they too could hear the strange noise. \"Lydia, let's go back to the bookseller,\" asked Viola and everyone agreed. The kids waited in the bookshelf but nothing happened. \"What are we going to do, Lydia?\" asked Viola. \"What do you think Percy, can you tell us something?\" Percy put on a focused face and his ears rotated to the front hallway. \"Because of the noise, it's big and heavy. The bounces are too fast, whatever it is moves too fast.\" \"It's a good thing your sense of over-developed hearing has nothing to do with magic,\" Lydia said. \"Viola, I think it's best to confront this thing.\" \"Are we going to fight whatever's up ahead?\" Viola asked incredulously. \"No, we don't have the means to deal with whatever lies ahead. My magical powers were neutralized, and Percy does not possess his extreme strength at this time.\" \"Then what do you suggest,\" said Viola. \"We'll have to beat that thing in a race. When he sees us and chases us, we'll lead him to this place, circle the bookshelf and then run down the corridor, remember the ghost of the cook? I don't think the thing up ahead will follow us past the door.\" \"It's a very risky plan,\" said Viola, \"the bookseller's room is very small, there's no room for error if anyone stumbles...\" \"That's why it's best for you and me to pull up our skirts and secure them so that they don't get in the way of our running,\" interrupted Lydia. The three friends exchanged glances and seeing that they had no better idea, they decided on Lydia's plan. Little by little they advanced and suddenly something big like them and red appeared. It was a skinned head that was bouncing fast towards them. There was no time to waste, without saying a word, the three kids ran like never before in their lives and went to the bookseller. The huge reddish skull was on their heels and when they reached the bookshelf, they surrounded it. The skull followed them and the three kids rushed to the door, the skull followed them very closely and as soon as the three of them went through the door, they closed this one right on their red face. \"Ugh, we were... saved for very little,\" said Viola, who seemed to be more tired than Lydia and Percy. \"Percy, go to the door and hear if that thing is still back there.\" Percy went to the door and placed his ear against the surface of the door for a few moments. \"I think that thing is gone, Lydia,\" said Percy. Lydia frowned, from now on things would get more difficult and she could not guarantee that her friends would survive the other challenges of the house, but they had no choice, they had to gather courage and intelligence to get out of the witch's house. CONTINUARÁ... Thank you for reading, don't forget to leave your votes and comments, pretty please.[Chapter 7] LYDIA DEETZ AND THE WITCH'S HOUSE Capítulo 7: butterflies, cats, frogs and mirrors Once Percy reassured them that he heard nothing on the other side of the door, the group re-entered the insectary room. They went to the bottom insectary and after opening the glass lid, they took the huge stuffed blue butterfly. \"Let's go to the wine cellar now,\" said Viola. \"Wait a minute,\" said Lydia and went to the white cat's picture that had been crooked since they escaped from the red skull, and straightened it up again. When the boys went out into the hallway, they noticed that the medieval armor had returned to its place. \"How did the armor return to its place?\" Percy asked. \"I was dozing and when I woke up, the armor was back,\" replied the black cat. \"Come on, let's go to the wine cellar,\" Viola insisted again. The group entered the wine cellar, the long corridor was still covered by the evil fog and the boys hurried along. Upon reaching the web, Lydia took the butterfly very carefully so that the web would not break or vibrate. Then she placed the blue butterfly in the web and then they came out of the wine cellar. The three friends were in a hurry as the corridor gave them a bad feeling when they were in it. PUM. A huge gap in the floor opened up just in front of Percy, thankfully the boy used his natural catboy reflexes and did not fall down the black opening. \"Percy, are you all right?\" Lydia asked worried. \"Yes, don't worry, Lydia.\" \"Let's get out of here!\" Viola rushed them, and the gothic couple had no choice but to continue the fast walk. The boys arrived in the hallway and the pale yellow butterfly flew out of Lydia's hands. Percy, pulled on by his instinct and thanks to his catboy reflexes, caught the insect in mid-flight. \"Nyajaja, I got you.\" \"Percy, let go of the butterfly,\" said Lydia. \"But Lydia, she looks so pretty,\" said Percy, who poached and looked at the gothic girl with her big, black eyes, which rivaled her girlfriend's in beauty. \"Okay, but it will be your responsibility,\" Lydia agreed, and then Percy put the butterfly on the side of her head. \"It looks like you have a female Percy hair ornament,\" Lydia said to him, as she watched the butterfly flap its wings next to one of Percy's ears, \"I think the butterfly decided to stay in your hair.\" \"Let's keep looking for clues,\" said Viola frowning, when they heard a sound like the sound of a door knock unlocking. The kids went to the sound source and observed halfway down the main corridor that the black cat was gone. The group continued their march and opened the door that had previously been closed. After this, they found a short, elbow-shaped corridor and opened the door that led upwards. There were stairs leading up to the top floor and just in front of these there were about three sacks. \"How strange,\" said Lydia, \"what will these sacks be?\" When Lydia extended her arm to one of the sacks, Percy hissed strongly as he bristled his tail and the hairs on the back of his neck. \"What's wrong, Percy!\" Lydia exclaimed, surprised to see Percy's reaction, who at the time was pulling out his fangs like a vampire. \"Trust me, don't touch those things and don't step on them!\" Lydia insisted again on what was happening to her friend, but the catboy, stubborn, only shook his head fast. \"This is useless,\" said Viola, \"we'd better listen to the cat and go upstairs.\" \"...All right,\" said Lydia. The group continued up the stairs and on the landing they saw another pile of sacks, many more and up the stairs there were other sacks, as many as on the landing. When they reached the top floor, they saw that they were in a short but wide corridor that did not match a third floor. The floor was made of huge stone tiles and the walls were made of rectangular stones. Near the corner there was a white wall candlestick for being silver and behind it, there was a large sticky blood stain that came in and covered much of the floor under the candlestick. \"Hey!\" They were surprised by the black cat, which was waiting for them at the scene. \"Tell me...\" Lydia wanted to ask about the bags, but she was interrupted by the black cat. \"You better listen to your friend, it's best not to know,\" he said as he began to groom himself, \"by the way, you'd better hurry up, but not in a straight line.\" The group went to the front door and when they opened it they discovered that they were in a very long corridor, much longer than the corridor of the abandoned wine cellar. Two silver candlesticks on either side of the entrance illuminated the place and a very long red carpet with elegant decorations and an intricate gold frame spread out in front. A Persian carpet was placed as a moquette as it covered the entire surface of the floor. \"Wait,\" said Lydia, who was in front, \"we'd better stick to the wall.\" The group continued to advance and heard a sharp noise. FLUT. A knife flew at full speed right down the middle of the corridor, lucky the kids were stuck to the wall. \"Let's hurry the pace like our friend told us behind us,\" said Lydia, and the group rushed off. FLUT, FLUT, FLUT, FLUT. Three knives were flying towards them, but from behind! \"Hurry up, hurry up!\" Lydia shouted, \"Avoid them!\" It's a good thing the girls decided not to loosen their skirts, otherwise they wouldn't have made it. \"Ugh,\" said Viola, \"we did it.\" The group had arrived at a corridor that looked similar to the first corridor on the third floor, the huge stone tiles stretched down the corridor and the walls were bluish-gray stone. \"Girls look,\" Percy pointed to the long corridor behind the group, but the red carpet corridor was gone. You could only see the narrow corridor of the entrance and behind it, the stairs containing the mysterious sacks. \"It changed the configuration of the house,\" said Lydia, when she saw another sack at her feet, this one, unlike the others, had a big tear on one side and something was sticking out of it. \"A dead cat!\" Lydia shouted, \"It's small.\" Each of the sacks has dead cats inside. Lydia covered her mouth while Percy bristled her tail. Viola, for her part, looked at the sack with a frown. The group decided to march forward and saw a silver candlestick next to a table with a vase next to the entrance to the corridor, and next to the black cat, who was looking at them amusingly. \"Hey, this is the witch's house. You knew that, didn't you?\" Next to the cat was another door, but they couldn't open it. \"Let's try our luck with the door at the entrance to the corridor,\" Lydia suggested. As they passed through the door they came across an inner fountain where a frog was resting. \"Excuse me,\" said Lydia, \"are you the frog who came looking for his lost son?\" \"Oh yes, it's me.\" \"Your wife asked us to meet you at the house. She and your children are very worried about you.\" \"Really? Wow, I didn't realize so much time had passed, it's so relaxed in this place.\" \"Mister, the best thing is if you comes out of the fountain,\" Lydia said, \"it seems to me that the water in the fountain somehow clouds the reason.\" \"I see, no wonder I'm so happy. I'm supposed to be busy looking for my missing son.\" \"Your son is fine, mister,\" Lydia told him, \"we met your wife, she and your whole family is waiting for you outside the forest.\" \"Wow, thank you so much for telling me.\" Lydia invited him, and then the frog jumped happily on Viola's shoulder. \"I like your golden hair very much,\" flattered the frog. \"Let's continue down the hall,\" said Viola without flinching and the boys left the room. As they walked down the aisle, they saw that it disappeared in a fall from which the bottom could not be seen. \"Look, there's a cable pulling over the abyss,\" Percy said, \"on the other side there seems to be a toggle switch. Maybe I could cross it.\" \"Percy remembers that you can't become a cat,\" Lydia reminded him, \"and I doubt if the black cat wants to help us.\" \"And the frog?\" Viola said. \"Mister, could you help us?\" Lydia asked him. \"Of course, wait for me a moment,\" the frog gave in and then crossed over thanks to the cable to the other side. Making an effort the frog moved the lever and then returned to the group. \"Maybe the door is already open,\" said Lydia and everyone went to the hall door. Ellen's figure appeared in the hallway approaching. Everyone was surprised, but just as the apparition suddenly made its presence felt, it vanished into thin air. \"Is that Ellen?\" Percy asked. \"Yes, she was Ellen,\" said Viola, \"let's go to the door.\" As they passed through the entrance, they saw that they had arrived at a very large living room, which had a ceramic floor with an imitation rhomboid pattern parquet flooring. The living-dining room had two semi-tubiques on its vertical half, which seemed to divide the room in two, since on the west side there were the same number of tables, chairs, showcases, crockery, paintings and others as on the east side. Next to the north wall, there was another sign. \"Make a mirror image.\" \"What does the sign mean? \"Percy asked. \"I think we should move all the elements present in this room so that the east and west sides look like their reflection in a mirror.\" \"That's a lot of things,\" Percy said, \"it's going to take a long time.\" \"Then it's best to start,\" interrupted Viola. Lydia looked apprehensively at the room and then set to work with the others. How crazy to put things in place! Not only were the elements visible, but also the ones inside the bookshelves and display cabinets. You also had to put the same number of roses in each vase and put a plush doll in a chair, fortunately, the doll was shaped like a frog so they put Mr. Frog in the chair that represented his reflection. \"That's it,\" Lydia said, \"the hidden switches in the pictures were a challenge, but I finally got the pictures with the image that reflects them to each other. Now all we have to do is take the sign off the wall.\" CLICK. The group heard the safety of a door unlocking and decided to leave through the east door of the living room. \"Don't forget me!\" The frog reminded them and he jumped towards Viola, who reluctantly put it in her pocket. \"We've wasted enough time in this room already,\" Lydia thought. \"I don't know if the time inside the house runs differently than outside.\" Lydia frowned, and along with the others moved on to continue challenging the haunted house, which she did not wish to let her guests out once they were present in the depths of her innermost womb. CONTINUARÁ... Thank you for reading, don't forget to leave your votes and comments, pretty please.[Chapter 8] LYDIA DEETZ AND THE WITCH'S HOUSE Capítulo 8: frog sacrifice, cat's blood After the late challenge of putting the living room as a reflection of its east and west sides, the group walked through the door and found themselves in a small room that had the same floor as the previous enclosure. The small room consisted of an elegant desk on a red carpet, and beside the desk and glued to the wall was a sign that prayed: \"Go through the next door and don't let anything distract you.\" \"There's a diary on the desk,\" said Lydia, who took the diary that was open and was right in the middle of the lamp and the flower vase. The little diary was very badly treated as many of its pages were burned and many of the notes written there could not be read. \"My mother and father didn't love me.\" \"So I'll...\" \"I've been in this house ever since.\" \"What do we do now, Lydia?\" Percy asked. \"According to the note,\" Lydia said, \"as soon as we walk through the door we have to keep moving forward no matter what.\" \"What will the trap be this time?\" asked Viola. The note could have warned us of a particular danger but it didn't,\" Lydia reasoned, \"that means that the danger we'll see won't be real. The danger is to stray from the path, we will surely find one or more illusions in front of us that will try to frighten or tempt us, so whatever happens, we must go in a straight line and without turning around to look back or to the sides. \"Then we'd better go in single file and hold each other's shoulders one after the other.\" \"I'll take the lead,\" Percy offered. \"Better not,\" said Lydia, \"the house can show you an elusive mouse and your instinct could force you to run after it. You'd better get in the middle, Viola will go ahead and I'll go at the end to make sure nothing distracts you Percy.\" The kids agreed and walked through the door. The next environment consisted of the same long, carpeted corridor as the previous time. It was obvious what they would find next. The image of a dagger was going to them, but as they had agreed before, they kept running forward no matter what, and indeed, the dagger turned out to be just an illusion. Near the end of the hall were two entrances on either side of the carpet. The kids could see out of the corner of their eye some fine furniture and other things. \"Don't get distracted, let's go on,\" Lydia reminded them and the kids walked through the door at the end of the hall. On the other side of the door they found a small room that had the already known huge stone tiles and bluish rectangular stone walls. \"Oh, we made it, girls,\" Percy said, \"look, there's a note on the floor.\" \"He's hungry.\" \"You know, I'm not so excited anymore,\" Percy said, as he held his tail to his nervousness. \"There's only one door other than the one we already went through,\" said Lydia, \"Percy, can you hear what's behind this one?\" \"There's something behind it, it's like it's crawling,\" Percy told them, \"I see that there's a kind of peephole, I'll see if I can open it.\" \"I see like scales and...\" PUM. Something was knocking on the door, with such force that it made this of its hinges move, fortunately these did not yield. \"HISSS\" Percy hissed as he bristled his tail and the hairs on his neck. \"Percy, are you all right?\" Lydia asked worried. \"Yeah, it just freaked me out a little bit. I think it's a snake, but a very big one.\" \"And now, what do we do?\" asked Viola. \"o have shaken the door like that,\" said Lydia, \"it must be a snake as big as an anaconda. We have nothing to confront such a monster with.\" \"Why don't we go ask my comrade?\" Percy suggested. \"That black cat is not going to help us in the least,\" said Viola, frowning. \"It's worth a try,\" said Lydia. \"Well, come on,\" said Percy. \"That cat doesn't inspire the slightest confidence in me. I'm staying,\" said Viola. \"But Viola,\" said Lydia, \"it's dangerous to separate. Remember that the house can change its structure at will, the best thing is to stay together.\" \"I don't think the case will change until we solve this puzzle,\" answered Viola, \"ask that black cat. I will remain here. Lydia kept trying to convince Viola, however, she was very stubborn, not only in consulting the black cat, but also in leaving the room. \"All right,\" said Lydia, \"you can stay Viola, but at the slightest sign of danger you come running to us.\" \"Done.\" Lydia and Percy carefully opened the door to the carpeted corridor and saw that just like the other time, the corridor in question had disappeared and in its place was the small room with the elegant desk and the small burnt-out diary of the witch on it. They both went to the black cat and asked for help. \"Are you sure you have no idea whatsoever about this?\" Lydia said to him. \"Nop.\" \"This is ridiculous,\" Percy told him, \"we can no longer call you `black cat' my bro, how about... kurokawai.\" \"No, I don't think so,\" replied the black cat as if he had been insulted. \"Well, thanks anyway, Mr. Black Cat,\" Lydia said sadly. \"Maybe you can give me a name,\" said the black cat to Lydia. \"...What about... Kira?\" \"Kira, yes, I like that name. You can call me Kira.\" Lydia and Percy said goodbye to Kira, the former feral cat and now semi-domesticated, thanks to the name Lydia gave him. \"What do we do now?\" Percy asked worried. \"I've only got one idea, Percy. Let's go to the sack with the dead cats.\" The kids went to where the sack was semi-darked and Lydia picked it up. The blood stained the goth girl's school uniform, but she didn't flinch. \"I hope this is enough,\" said Lydia as she frowned. \"Let me do this, Lydia,\" offered Percy, and then he grabbed the sack and the two kids went back to Viola's. \"Viola,\" said Lydia, as she walked into the room with Percy, \"I think it occurred to me...\" Viola looked at the two boys in surprise, but then her face calmed down, although her eyebrows were furrowed. \"Viola, what did you do?\" Lydia asked when she saw the blonde's fingers. The girl with blue eyes and golden braids, her fingers were covered in blood. \"Why is there blood in the peephole at the door?\" Percy asked, and Lydia then opened her eyes like plates. 2There was no other way,\" said Viola, \"the frog lord offered himself and...\" \"And that's why there's blood on your hands!\" Lydia yelled at her. An awkward silence fell on the place and no one dared to break it or make eye contact. \"I just wanted to have... to be with my family,\" said Viola, who was about to sob. Lydia took the sack with the dead cat and hugged it. Lydia's cheek was covered in blood but that didn't matter, then she put the sack on the floor. \"You're right,\" Lydia said in a neutral voice, \"we must continue.\" Percy took out his handkerchief and lovingly wiped his girlfriend's face, and once it was finished, the boys walked through the door. Once the boys walked through the door, they found themselves in a room with no lighting and a floor of rotten boards. In one corner of the gloomy room, there was an opening that smelled of blood. Lydia turned her face and went to the front door, when she opened it, the figure of the frog lord appeared behind her, but when Lydia turned around, she could only see an image of bloody guts all over her field of vision. \"Hurry up, Lydia!\" Percy shouted at her as he pushed her out of the room. \"Mr. Frog...\" whispered Lydia. The boys saw that they were in an L-shaped corridor, next to the door there was a small brown carpet and the rest was a dark parquet floor and a wall of medium white bricks. As they turned down the hall, they saw that it had several snowy statues of anthropomorphic cats, all of them on white pedestals that emulated dwarf Ionic columns, as in ancient Greece. Above each statue and glued to the wall, there were very white silver candlesticks that illuminated the white wall in an ethereal but not very strong way. There was no statue on one of the pedestals, only the black cat was sitting flirtatiously. \"A cat statue... I'm just kidding,\" said the newly appointed Kira. Since the spirits were low in the group, the kids did not want to have any conversation with the black cat and passed by. \"Hey, don't ignore me!\" Kira shouted to them as she leapt in frustration over the pedestal. At the end of the hall and to the right was another door, and when they went to open it, the head of the statue closest to them began to spin around as if it were possessed. \"Poor Mr. Frog,\" Percy muttered, this time unafraid of grief, and with Lydia and Viola, he walked through the door. On the other side of the door there were dimly lit bleachers, in fact they were, but the source of the lighting seemed to be a dim, dark red light. After climbing the steps the children saw that there was another sign in front of the wall. \"Go where only one eye is open\" The boys looked to their right and saw that a corridor apparently formed of a long sheet of metal stretched out in front of them. The walls were very high and were apparently plastered with pale red stucco. There were no pictures or decorations on the wall, except for three huge faces made up of only the eyes and mouth. All three faces had their mouths wide open as if they were screaming or gobbling up their victims. \"Nowhere is there only one eye open,\" said Viola, who finally cut out the uncomfortable silence, \"the first two faces have their eyes closed and the third has them open. \"I don't understand this, Lydia, I don't know what to do,\" said Percy, faced with the difficulty of the puzzle. \"Just go to the middle of where the second and third faces are,\" Lydia explained, \"there's only one eye open there.\" \"And the entrance?\" asked Percy. \"I'm sure It'll turn up,\" said Lydia. Where the bare wall used to be, now there was another entrance that had the same shape as the open mouths of the other faces. \"Nya, Lydia, you're amazing!\" \"Are you sure we should go in this way?\" Viola asked apprehensively. \"Yes, there is no other solution, we must continue.\" The three kids gathered courage and entered through the \"open mouth\", as one of the huge eyes drawn on the wall moved to see the group move into the open jaws and from there into the beast's entrails. CONTINUARÁ... Thank you for reading, don't forget to vote and comment, pretty please.[Chapter 9] LYDIA DEETZ AND THE WITCH'S HOUSE Capítulo 9: The music box The horrible mouth painted on the wall connected to a very narrow, low passageway. Lydia and the others had no choice but to crawl over the cold metal floor. The kids reached the end of the passageway, which opened to form a small room with the same metal floor. In front of them there was a door and next to it there were openings in the floor where metal spikes came out at regular intervals. \"If we had gone another way,\" Percy said, \"we would have ended up impaled.\" The three kids exchanged nervous looks at the prospect and then decided they had no choice but to open the front door. Right in front of the door was a mysterious note. \"Make sound in all four rooms.\" \"Another puzzle,\" said Lydia, when in that, coming out of the shadows of a corner, came out Kira, the black cat. \"Hello, this room is very quiet.\" Except for the wall with the three horrible painted faces, this room was the most dimly lit so far. The floor was made of dark brown parquet and the walls were upholstered in navy blue, an elegant combination, but not very effective when it came to giving the room a natural shine. At the front of the room was a slightly narrower corridor and in this there were four gas lamps that were off at the time. \"Lydia, what's that?\" Percy pointed to the statue that was right next to the door. \"It looks like a nutcracker doll but it's life-size,\" replied the gothic girl as she tiptoed to see the nutcracker's eyes better. \"You don't think the dummy's trying to attack us when we try to get through the door, do you?\" Viola said nervously. \"I don't think so,\" Lydia replied, \"remember that the house doesn't want to restrict us, it wants to challenge us.\" After getting some air, the three kids opened the door and found a room that seemed to have a white marble floor. There were several elegant chairs against the walls and all of them directed to the center of the room, where there was an elegant red Persian carpet with a golden frame; and above it, an elegant grand piano in the color of ebony; besides, next to the piano, there was a very expensive vase with a sumptuous arrangement of flowers. \"Look, another note,\" said Lydia. \"You don't need to touch.\" \"It's a shame you can't play the piano, Lydia,\" Percy said, \"you know how to play musical instruments.\" \"Can you play the piano?\" Viola asked her. \"Among other things,\" Lydia replied, \"at Miss Shannon's school I wanted to form a band for the school festival.\" \"The Brides of Frankenstein,\" Percy recalled, \"it's a shame you didn't want to be the vocalist. With your beautiful voice, it's a waste not to sing.\" \"I'm very embarrassed to sing in front of the others, Percy. Besides, the girls wouldn't help me.\" \"How's that?\" asked Viola. \"Bertha and Prudence, I thought they were my friends, but in the end...\" \"These idiots betrayed Lydia,\" Percy continued, seeing that Lydia was silent. \"After going with Lydia to the Peaceful Pines cemetery, they told Lydia they would be her friends, but guess what, Claire showed up and gave them a choice as to whether they preferred her or Lydia.\" \"They said they'd be your friends, but then they left with that Claire girl?\" Viola said and then looked at Lydia as if she were seeing her for the first time. \"They told me they weren't that strong,\" said Lydia with a sad smile and look. \"Well, it doesn't matter. As for the singing, I just need to sing for you, Percy.\" \"When we get out of here, sing me the trout song,\" asked Percy. \"You always like to hear that song when you eat,\" replied Lydia as she stroked the cat boy's face and he rubbed his face sweetly against the long, soft, snowy fingers of his girlfriend's hand. \"There's a bookcase in a corner,\" said Viola, who frowned again. \"People have different eye colors.\" \"We know the following about women in this particular region.\" \"A woman's eye color depends on her hair.\" \"The four hair colors are silver, black, gold and red. The four eye colors are brown, green, blue and red. \"Women with silver hair have red eyes, and women with brown eyes may have blond or red hair.\" \"If this is a puzzle, I have no idea what to do next,\" Viola sighed in frustration as she closed the book. \"The northern door can't be opened,\" said Lydia, \"it's best to go back and try our luck with the door next to the corridor of the nutcracker.\" The kids returned to the corridor and fortunately the door was not locked. Apparently they went into a meeting room. A small carpet was just in front of the entrance and to his right was a dressing table whose mirror clearly reflected the image of the three kids. The floor was made of parquet, but unlike the main corridor, this was not huge, but rather small, ordinary, dark brown parquet. In one corner of the room there was a display case and as the kids passed by, a dark image was reflected on the glass and moved at full speed to the other side. \"What was that?\" Lydia asked. \"I don't know,\" Percy said, \"it happened very quickly.\" The children continued to walk around the huge room and saw that it had furniture upholstered in red, as did the walls. As in the other environments, there was a note here as well. \"Play the music box with twelve.\" \"There's the music box,\" said Viola. \"Until we are sure what to do, it is best not to touch it,\" Lydia warned. \"On the other side there is another door,\" said Percy, and the kids decided to go to the door, which was not locked. The boys arrived at another small room which, like the meeting room, had a normal parquet floor and red upholstered walls. On the north side, there was an elegant fine mahogany desk, which was lit by a golden wall sconce. \"Another diary,\" said Lydia when she saw the fragment of the witch's burnt diary. \"I... all the friends who came to my house after that.\" \"They were all eaten by the house. But it wasn't enough.\" In the middle of the room there was a stool and above it, one of those toys that consisted of those slingshot dolls that came out as soon as you opened the lid. \"It's a Jack in the box,\" said Lydia, \"the toy made a noise, maybe another part of the puzzle was triggered.\" When the boys came out the door, the toy turned its torso to watch them walk away. The kids now headed for the door next to Kira, the black cat, and entered the next room. The room had elegant walls upholstered in navy blue and just in front of the entrance was a small, exquisitely elegant purple Persian rug with a silver frame. The rest of the floor was carpeted by a red carpet as a moquette as it covered the entire extension of the floor, but the carpet had no frame of any kind. To the left of the door there was a large cerulean vase with several snowy flowers, some lilies and next to it and stuck to the wall, there was another sign. \"The blue eyes see the marker.\" \"Why is there a pumpkin head like Halloween in this place? \"Percy asked, seeing the orange pumpkin with a sculpted face very close to the sign. \"It must be another part of the puzzle,\" said Viola as she pointed ahead as there were other pumpkin heads in the place. The rest of the furniture was upholstered in violet as well as another small Persian carpet identical to its twin in the entrance, and which was next to another door which was flanked on both sides by four paintings of La Mona Lisa. The replicas had different hair and eye colors. Suddenly the painting with the blonde Mona Lisa fell to the floor making a sharp noise and frightening the group. \"That gave me an idea,\" Lydia reasoned, \"the dry sound of the painting falling on the carpet can be emulated by the pumpkins, they are hollow after all. Percy, hit the pumpkins trying to make a musical note.\" Two of the pumpkins didn't sound very good, but the one closest to the squares rang harmoniously according to Percy's tapping. Lydia's idea bore fruit as the door next to the paintings opened by itself. As they crossed the door, the kids found a room with a floor made of ochre-coloured paving stones. The room seemed empty with the exception of a chair on the right and a flowerpot with a plant on the left; next to the front wall there were four elements: a full-length mirror; and at the opposite end an old pendulum clock in its tower; in the middle of these were two statues; one of a man and one of a woman. And right in the middle of the north wall was another note. \"I can be the sun. I can be the earth. And I can be a bird.\" \"What am I?\"\". \"I can even be a flower.\" \"What am I?\"\". \"What about now?\" said Viola with a dismayed gesture, and she wasn't the only one as Percy looked confused and scratched his head anyway. \"Because of the elements sun and earth,\" Lydia told them, \"we must go towards the clock.\" The gothic girl went to the front of the clock and asked it what its nature was and the clock asked her: \"Am I a watch?\" Lydia nodded and the remaining elements in the room disappeared, leaving the old watch as the only furniture present, and in front of it, a queen key had materialized that was taken by Lydia. \"What will this key open?\" Percy asked. \"Remember that the keys don't open any doors in this place,\" said Lydia, \"the best thing to do is to read the note on the wall again, because next to the clock, it's the only thing that hasn't disappeared.\" \"\"Sun: sundial; sand: hourglass; bird: cuckoo clock.\" Let's go to the meeting room,\" Lydia explained, \"the musical box says it should be played with twelve, that is, with the key that the watch gave us.\" The kids went to the room and inserted the key into the music box, which played a Gothic melody and the image of Ellen appeared for a second at the scene. As the boys left the room, a teapot and a garment from the hanger fell to the floor, and the reflection on the dresser showed the blood-drenched faces of the kids. CONTINUARÁ... The author's final notes: \"Frankenstein's girlfriends\", was the death rocker band, by Lydia in the cartoons; something curious, since in the original script of the beetlejuice film, Lydia is not a Gothic girl, but a death rocker. Bertha and Prudence's cowardice comes from the comic \"the witch from Peaceful Pines\" by Midori Mizurashi. Comic book that unfortunately was never finished...snif[Chapter 10] LYDIA DEETZ AND THE WITCH'S HOUSE Capítulo 10: Blue marble statue The puzzle of the four rooms and the sound in each of them was far from over so Lydia and her group headed towards the room of the replicas of the Mona Lisa. Following the instructions in the note, they went to one of the paintings that seemed to be looking at them severely, despite the enigmatic smile they possessed. \"If the blue eyes see the marker,\" Lydia reasoned, \"then the picture of the Mona Lisa with black hair will show us where the rest of the puzzle is.\" Lydia went right to the front of the painting and turned until she saw the south wall. \"There must be whatever it is that we must find.\" The kids went to the south wall and right in that place and in front of the painting of the black-haired Mona Lisa, there was a crack in the wall, and there was a piece of paper on it. \"I think it's a musical score,\" said Percy, and then his ears turned back. A spectral figure was going towards the group, it was the image of the Mona Lisa, but this one exhibited a gloomy face with empty mouth and basins. \"What's that!\" Percy shouted. \"Run away!\" Lydia shouted and everyone surrounded the furniture in the room to put some distance between them and the spectrum. \"The door won't open!\" Lydia shouted, seeing her efforts to open the locked door to no avail. \"Let's go to the painting!\" shouted Viola and the group followed her. \"Percy breaks the frame!\" Viola ordered, and Percy did so. The dark specter disappeared as it melted into the prevailing darkness of the room within walking distance of the boys. \"That really scared me,\" Percy said, as he went over to Lydia and hugged her, \"are you all right?\" Lydia nodded and the group left the room. The group was in the main hallway when Ellen was heading towards them! Ellen's image faded in a blink of an eye within inches of them, causing them a scare. As they walked towards the door next to the soldier nutcracker, they saw that two of the gas lamps were on, although this did nothing to improve the poor lighting of the place. As they walked through the door, the first thing they saw was the grand piano, it was obvious what they should do next. Lydia carefully put the musical score on the piano and suddenly the piano began to play a melody on its own, the piano keys pressing on their own as if an invisible pianist was playing the piece of the score. The beautiful vase with the sumptuous floral arrangement vibrated and then a key materialized in front of it. \"I know what to do with this key,\" Lydia said resolutely and the group went out into the main hallway. Now, the third gas lamp had been lit. The group entered the room with the paintings and as they approached the north door, a woman's face appeared just behind the shattered painting of the Mona Lisa. \"We better hurry,\" Viola suggested and the group walked through the door. \"With this key I'll start the old clock,\" said Lydia, \"Percy, help me with that chair.\" All right,\" said the catboy and put the chair right in front of the clock tower and Lydia got on this one. Then, using the key, the Gothic girl started the clockwork and the old clock started to sound its characteristic sound, while the pendulum was already moving rhythmically. CLICK. The sound of the lock of a door unlocking again was heard in the distance and the group decided to leave the room and head for the main corridor. Amidst the beautiful lilies by the door, the ghostly face of a woman appeared. It was as white as the flowers and the hair was being covered with a veil of snow. When they went to the north door of the main hall, they could see that the four gas lamps were already lit. PUMB. The life-size doll of the nutcracker fell apart when the group opened the door. \"The north door should be unlocked by now,\" Lydia told the others and the kids left the piano room and entered a new room. The new room consisted of a floor of machimbre; the long boards had a strange blue color that seemed to come from the underworld and matched the navy blue walls of the enclosure. There was no furniture except for the statue of the woman they had found in the clock room. When Viola approached the statue she began to whisper. \"My ring... it's not here.\" \"It must be another part of the puzzle in the house,\" said Percy, who was looking at the statue. On the north wall were two stained glass windows that did not show a particular pattern or drawing and were separated from each other. When the group approached the stained glass windows, the wall in the middle of them and at the bottom suddenly collapsed. The new opening led to what appeared to be a secret room. The small enclosure was very small. The blue tongue and groove and the navy blue walls served as a preamble to the only furniture in the place; a simple desk and behind it, a stained-glass window that did not allow any light to pass through. On the desk was another part of the witch's burnt diary. \"I don't like being sick. Because he won't let me be outside.\" \"Because it makes no one love me.\" There was nothing else in place and the group went out into the room of the statue of the grieving woman. KABOOM. Just as they were preparing to return to the piano room, a roar rang out all over the place. So strong that it even shook the whole room they were in. \"It seems that the house has been restructured again,\" said Lydia as she opened the south door. Where the north wall used to be, there was now a chimney. The ashes had been scattered all over the white marble floor and almost touched the carpet on top of the piano. \"Girls,\" Percy said, \"I can see that there are metal supports inside the chimney.\" When they approached, they saw that the catboy was right, the metal brackets were holding an iron ladder leading to the lower floor. \"It looks like we have to go down,\" said Viola. There was no choice, the group went down the ladder. The darkness was so much that no one could even see the tip of his nose, fortunately the descent was short and they came out of another chimney into a new room. They had returned to the dining room with the skull shaped bowl. Unlike the last time they were here, the previously poor lighting was now darker if that was possible and they noticed another big difference: on each of the chairs on the large table, there was now the bust of a male figure, whose white marble now had a bluish hue. The boys went to the south gate but couldn't open it. In that one of the busts caught them against the door but then backed off. \"I don't think either of the two southern gates are open,\" said Lydia, \"the house wants us to take the northern gate.\" \"Which is the one that leads to the kitchen and the ghost that wanted to kill us,\" said Viola. \"My powers are gone,\" Percy said, \"I can't fight any ghosts.\" \"I don't think the house wants to see us sacrificed to the ghost in the kitchen,\" Lydia reassured them. The boys, seeing that they had no choice, went to the kitchen door. As they approached some sections of the floor these began to crack suddenly. After opening the door very carefully, they saw that the ghost was not present, however, there was a pot simmering and next to the spice rack, a door. \"I think we have to go through the door by the spice rack,\" said Lydia and everyone nodded. As the door opened, the three of them saw the horror in the pantry. The entire floor was covered with reddish giblets that apparently came from human remains. In fact, there were a lot of skeletal remains scattered all over the place and not all of them were the same size, indicating that men, women and children found their last rest in the present nightmare. Lydia put her hands to her mouth as she felt sick and Percy went to help her. \"Despite what I may feel,\" Lydia said, gathering courage, \"we must stay here and look for the next clue.\" \"Lydia, let me handle it,\" Percy offered and Lydia thanked him with a nod. Viola, who was not affected in the same way as Lydia, stayed with Percy in the pantry and searched the remains until they found some gold-colored Oriental-style chopsticks between some ribs. The two of them left just as one of the remains was moving quickly toward them. \"Look Lydia,\" said Percy, \"Viola and I found these chopsticks.\" \"Chopsticks,\" Lydia thought aloud, \"we must surely use them with the pot.\" Lydia took the chopsticks and after turning off the pot so that the cooking steam wouldn't obstruct her view, she proceeded to look through the unpleasant contents with the chopsticks. Finally she found what he was looking for: a ring for her middle finger. \"Well, now we must return the chopsticks,\" said Lydia, \"boys, where did you find the chopsticks?\" \"Percy found them in the middle of the ribs of a skeleton,\" answered Viola. \"why do you want to return them?\" \"For the note,\" said Lydia, as she passed the note to Viola. \"Return what you took to its proper place.\" \"I see,\" said Percy, \"I'll take care of it.\" The catboy entered the pantry and then returned at the same time as a strange face looked at the group through the window behind the spice rack. The group could not see the face well as it disappeared behind the frame of the window at the same time as the entire display case of the spice rack went through and with a loud knock blocked the door of the pantry. \"Let's get out of here.\" said viola and everyone agreed. SPLASH. An enormous blood stain in the shape of a hand was suddenly stamped on the wall next to the door leading to the upper floor, which was then closed. As soon as they crossed the door that connected with the dining room, they felt their hair stand on end and they got goose bumps. An evil entity was lowering the steps of the kitchen and would soon get to them. Understanding what was happening and without exchanging glances, the boys went to the fireplace with just the right amount of time, as several chairs almost blocked the entrance through the fireplace. Already on the upper floor, the group noticed that several of the chairs in front of the piano were down. \"Whatever it was, it almost caught us,\" Percy said, as he clutched his tail with his nervousness. \"At least we have the ring,\" said Viola. \"Now let's give it to the statue,\" Lydia finished. \"This... is my ring... thank you.\" It was what the statue of the woman whispered in a trembling voice, and then there was the sound of another door unlocking. \"Every time the challenges that the house puts on us are more and more dangerous,\" Lydia thought worried. \"There's no turning back now, we'll have to go ahead and solve all the puzzles... or die trying.\" CONTINUARÁ... Thank you for reading, do not forget to vote and comment, pretty please.[Chapter 11] LYDIA DEETZ AND THE WITCH'S HOUSE Capítulo 11: Dead end The door of the blue room could be abandoned now that the north door had been unlocked and the group as they crossed it saw wooden steps leading to the upper floor. CRASH. A loud sound like a window bursting into a thousand pieces reverberated in the air. \"That noise is not a good omen,\" Percy said nervously. \"We are inside the haunted house,\" said Viola, \"we are already in a very bad situation.\" \"Let's go on,\" said Lydia and everyone went up to a large landing that was made up of a large parquet floor and a bluish stone wall, which was decorated with three stained-glass windows that had no pattern and hardly illuminated the place. The group climbed back up the stairs and reached the top floor. A medium carpet of ochre colour and beige frame received them, and next to it, there was the main corridor consisting of a large dark blue parquet floor and a wall of blue stones similar to the one on the ground below, with the difference that these were of a larger surface and better placed one over the other so that they did not let a razor blade pass between them. Like the landing, there were several stained glass windows spaced across the long extension of the wall. The group was passing through each of the dark stained glass windows when one of them suddenly exploded. With demonic speed, a sinister shadow landed on the ground, and with a dizzying reflection, it headed straight for the group eager for murder. There was no way out. In less than a blink of an eye, Ellen's image came between the boys and the evil shadow, and in the same time, both the shadow and Ellen disappeared. \"...Lydia, that really scared me!\" Percy shouted and went to seek the comfort of the Gothic girl who was ready to embrace him. Viola looked at the couple strangely, sometimes Percy was the one who was acting like a macho and trying to protect Lydia, other times he was the one who was vulnerable. These two complemented each other depending on the situation. \"Better get on with it,\" said Lydia and Percy nodded. The three kids reached the end of the long corridor and a carpet just like the one they had found just before rested in front of another door. In the other room they found a room that contained only four tables covered with tablecloths of different colors and on top of them, antique dolls with different colors of dress. All the tables had one doll except for one and in the middle of the four tables just behind them was another door that was locked. \"We have to put each doll on the table with a tablecloth to match her clothes,\" said Lydia. CLICK. You could hear the sound that made the kids understand that they could walk through the door and they did. The configuration of the house changed as they were now not on what would be an upper floor, but rather on the ground floor, in a garden. In front of the door, a short corridor decorated with columns and arches holding roses gave access to a clearing in which a park bench was located above the green grass. The bench was made of wood with wrought iron supports and on top of it was a porcelain cup and next to it, Kira, the black cat watched the boys approach him. \"Hey,\" said Kirya happily, \"this is the upper floor.\" The garden clearing was rectangular with two small plastic rose bushes on each corner and behind the bench was a large tree preceded by a beautiful white flower. \"How are you doing?\" asked the flower to the three visitors. \"Good,\" said Lydia, \"can you tell us anything about this place?\" \"I don't know much, all my life I've been in the shade of the old tree. Anything you want to know, ask him.\" \"Thank you,\" said Lydia and went to the tree. \"Do you... Do you need anything?\" asked the tree. \"Yes, you see...\" \"...There is nothing I can do for you,\" interrupted the tree in a tired voice. \"…be quiet... oh yes. I must warn you. Don't disturb the timekeeper.\" Behind the tree, there were two other small artificial rose bushes in each corner of the clearing and another sign was attached to the wall. \"Birds eat foliage.\" In the middle of the two false rosebushes, there was a creeper so hard that it did not allow passage to the short corridor behind it or to the door that it could barely be seen between the hard stems. \"We don't have any pruning shears or anything similar to get to the back door,\" said Lydia. To the west of the park bench and the tree, there was a small chalet with a floor of irregular dark brown cobblestones and a brick wall painted white. In one corner there was a showcase and in the middle of the chalet there was a table already served with tea and pastries, but instead of people, yellow flowers were occupying the seats and chatting animatedly. \"Oh wow. You have long arms. Ho, ho, ho, ho.\" \"Oh, isn't anybody gonna kill that girl?\" \"If any of you did... oh, yes. We would share some of our wonderful pollen.\" \"I'm serious. She's such a pain in the ass.\" \"And to think that without her, we'd be the most beautiful ones in the garden!\" The flower group continued to cackling without paying attention to the group. This seems to be from the film Alice in Wonderland,\" said Percy, who looked at the flowers carefully but couldn't get them to listen to him. \"To the north is a corridor,\" said Viola, \"let's go there.\" At the end of the wide but short corridor there was a pendulum clock very similar to the one they met before and on the west side there was a door leading to a small room with a Persian carpet set as a moquette on the floor and on this a desk on the surface of which was another fragment of the witch's burnt diary. \"Then a girl came to play.\" \"The letters of this entry are written in blood,\" said Lydia, who continued the reading. \"A pretty girl in golden braids.\" \"Stop reading,\" Viola said angrily, and the group came out of the small room as part of the floor seemed to collapse. In the southwest corner of the chalet and semi-hidden to the dining room table, there were three thigh beds so close together that there was no room between them. However, the beds were not glued to the wall, as there was a bedside table with a lamp on it. \"Let's check the nightstand,\" Lydia suggested, and the girls found a skull. As they went to the flowers, they saw that there was another sign on the wall, but this one, unlike the previous ones, was written in blood. \"Kill the flower and you'll die too.\" \"I think we've reached a dead end,\" said Lydia after reading the sign. \"Can you think of any ideas?\" Viola asked him. \"There's always a plan, we just have to think about it,\" replied the Gothic girl. Seeing that there was nothing else to do there, the group went out into the garden again and headed for the eastern sector, where there was a kind of jail. The floor was made up of small irregular cobblestones in disorder and the walls were made up of stones, both the floor and the wall had a marked bluish touch that was very unfavourable to the lighting. At the entrance and glued to the wall was the guard's desk with a book of prayer: The Talking Flowers. \"The flower ladies are beautiful, and they can talk. Those are their characteristics.\" \"The white flowers are the most beautiful in the garden. When they are touched by the rain, strangely enough, their petals bloom.\" \"The red herbs have knowledge. But they always lie, so be careful when you talk to them.\" \"Yellow flowers are beautiful. The pollen produced by these flowers is a strong medicine that can kill or give life.\" To the north of the desk, there was a narrow passage leading to two places: the first, on the right, was blocked by a creeper that was impossible to break at the moment; and the second, led to a prison door whose lock was open. \"Lydia, there's no way we can cross this,\" said Percy, who saw how in the middle of the room there was a large opening from wall to wall, so deep that the bottom could not be seen and wide enough that he couldn't jump over it. Returning in their footsteps, the boys returned to the main corridor and advanced to the next door of the jail. But it was padlocked and they kept going east where there was another door, but stopped to read the sign that preceded it. \"Medicine.\" \"This time they don't give us much information, eh,\" Percy said. \"Let's try to open the next door,\" said Lydia. Like the other barred door, this one was also padlocked. \"Lydia, there's someone inside, a man, it looks like he's moaning!\" the cat boy informed the group. \"Are you sure about this?\" Viola asked him, because behind the bars there was the deepest darkness, just like the other barred doors. \"Mister...\" said Lydia as she approached the door with caution, for no matter how hard she tried, she could not see anything in the darkness. \"Weee... ag... ag... cof... medicine... you... have some?\" whispered a whisper that denoted intense tiredness and suffering. \"Wait a minute sir, we'll get you some medicine and get you out of here!\" Lydia told him, but she received a spittle of contempt that fortunately did not reach her. \"Lydia, you're okay!\" Percy shouted as her tail bristled. \"Yes, don't worry, let's try to find the medicine and a way to free this man.\" \"Look, there's a big bird cage over there,\" said Viola. The bird cage was made of a copper lattice and was very dented. At first they thought the cage was empty, but soon they saw the shadow of a bird flapping its wings. \"Look Lydia, it's a ghost bird.\" \"I know, let's go down the hall,\" said Lydia as she frowned at the man and the bird locked in the haunted house. The three of them reached the end of the corridor and there, sheltered in the shadows, were three groups of red herbs that barely saw the varied group began to speak as if guided by the will of others. \"Do you want to know how to kill a flower?\" \"None of the three ways to kill are appropriate. You should just give up on this.\" \"I've already forgotten the exact way to kill... or cut it up or tear it down.\" \"Tearing it down and removing it are both ways of killing it.\" \"The book at the entrance warned us not to trust the red herbs,\" said Viola. \"I know, we'd better get out of here,\" said Lydia. When the group arrived at the guard's desk, they saw that another human skull had appeared on the chair. \"I'll put him with the other one we found in the chalet,\" Percy offered, and they all came out of jail. \"What do you think is the way to kill the white flower in front of the tree? We must kill her so that the yellow flowers can give us their pollen for the prisoner's medicine,\" asked Viola... \"We won't kill anyone,\" Lydia replied in a resolute voice. Percy looked expectantly at both girls who did not look away and wondered what alternative Lydia would give to the insurmountable situation. CONTINUARÁ... Thank you for reading, do not forget to vote and comment, pretty please.[Chapter 12] LYDIA DEETZ AND THE WITCH'S HOUSE Capítulo 12: Fake petals for conceited flowers An impasse had been reached. Both Lydia and Viola held their gaze as none of them wanted to give in regarding the delicate white flower in the garden. \"We have to show the yellow flowers that the white flower is dead,\" said Viola, \"only then can we go ahead and leave the haunted house and escape from Ellen. \"Lydia...\" Percy said, as he watched his girlfriend's hard look. \"If you're afraid of what the sign said about us dying if we killed the flower...\" said Viola. \"It's not about the sign,\" Lydia interrupted, \"I don't think we should sacrifice an innocent life like you did with Mr. Frog.\" \"And what else can we do? Ellen put us through this puzzle and we have to solve it. You said it yourself, Lydia, we mustn't break the rules.\" \"No... this house isn't any smarter. Still won't give up the goth girl.\" \"You said it yourself, Lydia,\" Percy said, \"there's always a plan, just think about it.\" The Goth girl smiled at Percy and then her eyes denoted concentration. \"I have a plan,\" Lydia said almost immediately, \"follow me.\" Viola and Percy exchanged glances and decided to go after Lydia. Lydia, who was leading the group, followed in her footsteps and arrived at the room with the replicas of the Mona Lisa. The vase cerulean with the beautiful white flowers rested near the entrance, and the ghostly head of the female covered with a snowy veil rested calmly in the middle of them. \"Please, we need your help,\" said Lydia, \"we need some of your white petals. The life of an innocent flower depends on it.\" The ghost smiled at Lydia and handed her some of the white petals. \"Thank you very much,\" the Gothic girl thanked her with tears poking out of her eyes and returned to the garden with the group. \"That was very clever, Lydia,\" said Percy, proud of his girlfriend.\" \"Do you think we'll fool the yellow flowers?\" asked Viola. \"With a little work we'll make these lily petals look like those of the white flower in the garden.\" Lydia, who was skilled at making clothes, had skilled fingers and set to work. The group went to where the yellow flowers and Lydia with great aplomb gave them the white petals. \"How strange. I didn't hear her horrible cry.\" \"I didn't hear it.\" \"I didn't hear it.\" \"I didn't hear it.\" \"I covered her with my hands while Lydia killed the white flower,\" said Percy, with such a face that no one could say he was actually lying. The yellow flowers suddenly laughed very loudly and the group feared that Percy's deception had not worked. \"As for the pollen...\" Lydia said. \"Hmm... ah yes, our promise. Here you go.\" Lydia stretched out her arms and on her palms was placed the longed-for pollen that looked like a very fine white powder. The flowers spoke lively again and Lydia didn't even bother to look back at those wicked ones. Once the pollen was in their possession, the group returned to the jail and went directly to the sick prisoner. \"I just need a little... please.\" Lydia approached the bars and deposited the pollen behind them. \"Hey!... Give me that!\" Instead of a human hand, it was the naked phalanges of a skeleton that took the dust and made everyone in the group open their eyes in surprise. \"...Ah... ah? Wait a minute. Wait a minute. I don't have one... without that one!...\" \"Without that I can't use this!\" Frustration from the spectrum shook the enclosure and caused the bird cage to fall to the ground, and as it did so, the lock was opened who prevened the ghost bird from fleeing. The sound of a flapping of wings surrounded the group and it was lost behind the door leading to the garden. \"Let's go to the vines in the jailhouse,\" said Lydia and the group followed him. The creeper disappeared and the boys were able to enter a room. It consisted of a narrow gravel floor corridor and a sign in the middle of it. \"The water is sealed by the skulls.\" \"I wonder what this might mean,\" said Percy. \"We'll know when we walk through the door at the end of the hall,\" said Lydia. A new puzzle challenged the group. About twenty-one skulls lay on the ground in orderly rows and facing in different directions, and there was a lever on the wall. \"We better look for clues to this new puzzle,\" Viola suggested and Lydia nodded. Upon returning to the gravel corridor, the boys saw a vessel and searching inside it they discovered a new skull. Upon returning to the garden, the children saw that the northern creeper had also been devoured by the invisible bird whose shadow continued to flutter around the place. \"Now we can go through the door,\" said Percy and was quick to open this one. It was fortunate that Percy led the march as he did not fall into the trap of the room, which consisted of a poisonous aura that would have killed the group in a matter of seconds. \"The room is poisonous. Pass with discolored shoes\" read Percy's ad for a sign in the middle of the room. \"It's a good thing you have that catboy vision,\" Lydia said to him as she grabbed Percy by the waist so he wouldn't take a step further. \"What do we do now?\" asked Viola. \"I don't know, it's too risky to go into the room,\" said Lydia. \"There are a lot of shelves and other furniture,\" said Viola. \"Let me do it, Lydia,\" Percy offered. \"No Percy.\" \"Lydia, I'm the fastest. I'll search every corner and get out of the room before anything happens to me.\" \"But the poison...\" \"Don't worry, I promise I'll be careful.\" Lydia bit her lip for worry, but as her boyfriend said, there was no choice. Despite Percy's speedy career, the catboy had to go in and out of the haunted room more than once but in the end he had managed to find another skull, an empty bottle and a diary entitled: the skull soldier; which the group then read it in the security of the garden. \"Once upon a time there was a soldier. His country perished, and he died, but he did not realize any of these things.\" \"Even in death, the soldier patrolled. Starting in the middle of the ruins of the castle, he saw in front, on the right, on the left, in front, on the right, on the left...\" \"Well, I know what to do,\" said Lydia and everyone went to the skull room. The skulls should be placed there together with the others and, following the track of the book, placed facing in the indicated direction. In the northwest corner, the skull was to face south, just as in the northeast corner; in the southeast corner, the skull was to face east, and in the southwest corner, the skull was to face west. Once the task was finished, the boys pulled the lever and shook the place up, preceded the sound of the water flooding a room in the distance. The group returned to the gravel corridor and the vase in the middle of the corridor broke when it collapsed on itself. \"It's a sign, let's run away!\" Lydia shouted, and it was fortunate that the Gothic girl realized the danger as they were able to put distance between them and a giant skull that was going towards them with the intention of devouring them. Unlike other wraith, the giant skull crossed the door and followed them into the skull room, but thanks to Lydia's warning, they were able to escape from it, yet the skull continued to insist and chase them down the gravel corridor. Fortunately, when they walked through the door that led them into the narrow corridor behind the desk of the prison guard, the monster ceased its pursuit. The boys went to the north gate and saw that the water had filled the previous gap. A small frog watched them as he swam. \"My father is dead.\" \"Don't mind him,\" said Lydia, \"I met Mr. Frog's children. All of them are safe on the edge of the forest, this is just an illusion of the house.\" \"What do we do now?\" Percy asked. Lydia recalled that in the chalet where the yellow flowers were found, there was a small door on the south side. \"We must go to the room on the south side of the chalet,\" said Lydia. \"But that place is dark,\" said Viola. \"I know, but I have a plan.\" Lydia filled the empty bottle Percy had found in the poisoned aura room with water, and then went to the white flower in the garden. Lydia asked the flower for one of her petals, the white flower was surprised but gladly agreed after hearing how Lydia with her intelligence and poise had managed to save her life. Then, the Gothic girl poured the water on the petal, which immediately gave off a glow and then put the petal into the bottle. This way, they already had a kind of hand lantern. The group then returned to the chalet and went through the south gate. Lydia's idea had worked, the petal giving off a gentle amber light. It wasn't very bright, but at least they could explore that part of the house now. \"The corridors are very narrow,\" Lydia told them, \"so stay close together.\" The kids went south and then turned west, in the middle of the narrow corridor turned north where there was a room and started exploring. It had varied abandoned and semi-ruined furniture so they returned in their footsteps and as they returned to the narrow hallway, they saw how the white walls on either side of the entrance were stained with blood. The group continued to advance and to the south, they found several sculptures placed on their pedestals. Advancing down this corridor they turned north as the image of Ellen ran behind them and passed them by at lightning speed. The compound turned out to be a maze but they found a jade pipe, as they overtook one of the busts that seemed to want to chase them. Fortunately, they lost it while exploring a room full of coffins, but when they returned to the corridor, several blood stains in the shape of the palm of one hand received them in a surprising way. Returning to the busts, they saw that they no longer had heads and heard one of these approaching them. \"We mustn't stop,\" said Lydia, and the group returned to the chalet's dining room. The boys returned to the jail and threw the pipe they had found in the cell of the skeleton. \"...Oh, yes. This one's... mine. It's mine...\" The skeleton vanished and suddenly the next cell door opened. They didn't see anyone, but they heard the sound of footsteps of someone leaving the place. As they entered the cell they saw a book whose title could not be read, and the book's annotations were so worn that they could not be read either. At the end of the cell, there was a cloth wrapped around red shoes and behind it was another sign. \"Let them bleed.\" \"I understand,\" said Lydia and went to the frog and wiped off the red shoes, which were actually made of glass but bathed in blood. It seemed that the frog was dying, but she was not fooled because it was not real, but an illusion. The group returned in their footsteps and as they stood near the door to the garden, they saw how the guard book on the desk began to move. This was the signal for the boys to flee as the giant skull began to chase them, but like the other time, they took a step back and eluded him as he returned to the garden. \"Now we can use the shoes to get around the northern room,\" Lydia said, \"the problem is that there's only one pair. The three exchanged glances, until now they had managed to deceive the house but each time the luck seemed more distant. CONTINUARÁ... Thank you for reading, do not forget to vote and comment, pretty please.[Chapter 13] LYDIA DEETZ AND THE WITCH'S HOUSE Capítulo 13: The Rose Barrier Lydia, Viola and Percy, stood in front of the north gate of the garden and wondered how they would get around the danger of the room considering they only had a pair of glass slippers. \"Let me try, Lydia!\" Percy pleaded. \"I'm sorry, Percy, but I don't think you're going fast in these women's sneakers.\" \"Then let Viola go!\" Percy implored. \"Percy! Don't worry, I'll be safe,\" said Lydia. \"Viola, don't let Percy follow me.\" \"Okay,\" Viola nodded, and then Lydia rushed into the room. To the north of the room with the poison, there was a hallway whose watery floor was so poisonous that it would kill anyone not wearing the glass slippers. In the middle of the race, Percy's body fell from the heights and crashed to the ground, dying instantly. Lydia narrowed her eyes and forced herself to go faster, sure that what she saw was just another illusion of the house. The young lady arrived on solid ground near the door. She was already safe, but the glass slippers broke into thousands of pieces. Fortunately, both of Lydia's feet had her stockings and Percy's along with Viola's for added protection, so her soles were not cut with the glass. Lydia carefully took off her socks and put her shoes back on which she had taken them with her. \"Well, I guess I'll have to find a way out of this hallway.\" Lydia walked through the door and found a small garden and at the entrance to it was Kira, the black cat. In the center of the garden, there was a thin desk that did not match when exposed to the weather, and above it, another fragment of the witch's diary. \"I didn't kill her because she saved me from my illness.\" \"So I made her my'friend'.\" \"What is a \"friend\" supposed to be?\" Kira asked. \"In this case means someone you want to save.\" \"JE, you are a strong, child of darkness,\" said Kira, closing his eyes, \"you knew from the beginning that...\" Behind the desk there was another door leading to a small corridor that had another door, but Lydia couldn't open this one. Lydia returned in his footsteps without knowing how to get back through the deadly corridor. However, to his surprise, all the poison in the hallway had disappeared and been replaced by ordinary water. \"Lydia!\" shouted Percy, who was running towards her. \"Percy, the poison on the floor is gone.\" \"How are you, Lydia?\" \"I'm fine, although I'm afraid I lost your socks... and yours, Viola.\" \"Don't worry,\" said Viola, \"did you find anything?\" Lydia told them what she had discovered, omitting the witch's diary. \"What will be behind that door?\" Viola asked, pointing to a door that had appeared halfway down the hall. The group opened the door and found an underground corridor as there were many waterfalls in the area. In the end they found a doll dressed in purple that had no head and took it, and at that moment a lot of insects fell to the wet floor and ran in chaos all over the place. The group went to the garden door with the desk and to open the door they needed a certain numbering of a key padlock which they found deciphering the clues that were scribbled on the walls of the hall. \"Six, zero, zero, zero, six,\" Lydia said as she entered the encryption. \"Guys, I think I'll stay here,\" excused Viola, \"since... my mother died I don't like to frequent this kind of place.\" \"Okay,\" said Lydia, \"stay behind the door until we get back.\" The door opened and the two of them entered what looked like the pantry of a clinic, where among other things they found a small bottle. \"Medicine to kill me.\" As the group left the compound, the missing head of the wrist they had taken earlier fell to the floor. \"I'll take that thing,\" said Percy, and he had barely grabbed the head of the doll, huge blood-bloated eyeballs fell to the floor and started chasing the two kids. The medical pantry was large and the children came through the door so the horrors could not follow them, even though they were knocking furiously at the door from behind. \"I wonder what dogs those things were,\" said Percy. \"We have to hurry,\" Lydia told him, and the group returned to the small garden that now had a reddish lawn as if it were covered with blood. Where Kira, the black cat, was before, there was now only a piece of his coat. \"Kira!\" Lydia shouted, \"What happened!\" \"I wonder too,\" said Viola, \"maybe I should have stayed in the garden.\" Lydia knelt down and lamented Kira's fate. Percy approached Lydia and hugged her as Viola watched. \"Thanks Percy, now let's put the doll's head and her body together.\" The entire doll now seemed to have some mobility as her eyes looked at the group around her. \"Lydia, isn't that thing going to hurt us?\" Percy asked nervously, because of the disturbing look of the doll. \"Don't worry, we'd better get going.\" The group returned to the garden where the tree and the white flower were, and to their horror they found that the whole lawn was covered with blood and both the tree and the flower were dead and covered with blood. \"Lydia...\" \"I see,\" said Lydia as she closed her eyes and turned her face, \"let's get out of here.\" In the doll's room, Lydia put the purple doll on the empty table and one of the tables went by itself, showing a hole in the floor. Like the hole in the chimney, there was an iron staircase and the three had to descend until they reached a room they did not recognize at first. \"This is the library! It looks very different now that It is well lit,\" Percy exclaimed. There was no way out of the library, so they decided to go upstairs, but unfortunately, they couldn't leave the dolls' room either. \"Maybe if we go down,\" said Lydia, \"the house will change again.\" The three of them went down and found out that Lydia was right, they were no longer in the library, but in a narrow, dark corridor. There was no choice but to move north in that complete darkness. The youngsters came to a door made of tarnished wood with a sign on it. \"Come to my room.\" \"We are nearing the end,\" Lydia warned them, \"but it will be the one to lead us out of the house, or it will be the end of our lives.\" The children opened the door and saw that in front of them were the stairs that communicated with the kitchen of the house, which now looked very different thanks to the good lighting. The main hallway on the second floor also looked very different thanks to the daylight coming from the windows, but an unpleasant surprise awaited them at the end of the hallway. Kira's body lay inert in front of the door. \"Kira...\" Lydia groaned, grabbing the body of the black cat, took it to the middle of the corridor and placed it on a small table that was carried by Percy. The daytime lights shone through the window and illuminated Kira, who now seemed to be taking his daily nap. The boys went through the door and at first the absolute darkness surrounded them completely, then it vanished and showed them a room submerged in an evil aura that took the form of a kind of dark mist that ran quickly through the place. The middle room had a ceramic floor with blue-flowered figures and a bed on a faded red carpet. The bed was messy and showed what appeared to be a lot of bloodstains, in fact there were also bloodstains on the floor, as if someone had bled out on the bed and then crawled on the floor. The rest of the furniture in the place was ordinary furniture except for a bookcase containing several volumes of magic, and on a desk in a corner was the last entry in Ellen's diary. Lydia wanted to read the paper, but Viola grabbed the paper and threw it out one of the windows. At that moment the room was tinged with a dark blue shadow as the breaking of glass was heard, Ellen had arrived for the last confrontation. It was no longer a disembodied apparition, this time Ellen's body was heading towards the group. The girl apparently had no eyes, no legs and her tongue had been cut off. Ellen wanted to say something, but she was babbling words that couldn't be understood. Lydia clenched her fists to her side as she forced her eyes closed and bowed her head. \"I'm sorry... run away!\" Lydia shouted, and the whole group fled in pursuit of Ellen, who, despite bleeding and crawling across the floor, was following them with unheard of speed. The escape was difficult because some furniture was being walked around and hindered the escape of the group. Fortunately they all left the house and Ellen didn't seem to follow them. Viola seemed anxious and was leading the march, but stopped when she noticed that neither Lydia nor Percy were following her. \"What's going on? Let's go to my father,\" said Viola. \"Stop lying, Ellen,\" said Lydia, looking down on her with a cold sneer. \"When did you find out?\" asked Ellen, who from the beginning had possessed Viola's body. \"There were many hints,\" Lydia explained, \"and not just about your journal entries. Your actions did not correspond to the Viola I had just met, she may have acted desperately to return to her father, but she would never have decided to sacrifice Mr. Frog and the white flower in the process.\" \"I could also hear your heartbeat,\" Percy said, \"although the house and its surroundings took away all my powers as well as Lydia's, my natural cat boy senses remained intact. Ever since we met in front of the rose bush, I knew you were already lying.\" \"So Percy told you I was lying from the start,\" Ellen told them. \"No, in fact it was you who discovered yourself,\" said Lydia, \"when we met in the rose bush, you said you couldn't get through. That was a big mistake, Ellen, since roses have always served as a barrier to locking up demons since ancient times.\" \"You're right,\" Ellen conceded, \"I acted very quickly out of desperation.\" \"You thought you would live forever, but whoever goes into despair loses his supposed immortality in the end, that's the trap of the one who practices necromancy and other forbidden arts,\" Lydia told her. Now the magic of the house has subsided and I can use my powers.\" \"Are you going to kill me?\" Viola asked her frowningly. \"No, even though you did horrible things, I understand your pain,\" said Lydia, \"you always wanted to get out of here. The living tree next to the stump at the entrance of the house, that is the symbol of life and death. You were the white flower that was always despised by the other yellow flowers.\" \"Same as you, Lydia,\" Ellen replied, \"but you're different. Ever since I met you and Percy, I've been very envious of you, you guys had each other, while I've been alone all my life, even my parents despised me.\" Ellen's body gradually approached the group, moved by the willpower of the real Viola. Soon everything would be decided for better or worse. CONTINUARÁ... Thank you for reading, do not forget to vote and comment, pretty please.[Chapter 14] LYDIA DEETZ AND THE WITCH'S HOUSE Capítulo 14: The witch's house The black clouds covered the blue sky indicating that a drizzle would soon fall, a scene that was accurate about the scene that was about to unfold in front of Ellen's haunted house, which had been discovered by Lydia. \"All those dead cats, how could you?\" Percy hissed to her as he bristled his tail and showed his now elongated fangs. \"Cats always came to my house,\" Ellen answered, \"they always conspired against me. They came from leagues around to end my life.\" \"Cats have always fought the forces of evil for the benefit of mankind,\" Lydia replied, \"it is an ugly irony that they are now seen as a symbol of bad luck.\" \"Or the bad guys from the movies,\" Percy concluded. \"That last black cat always lurked in the house,\" said Ellen, \"always instigating, I wanted to catch him but he always snuck out. I was finally able to catch him when we were alone on the North Lawn, and I grabbed him so tightly that I peeled off some of his skin.\" \"Kira sacrificed himself to get you,\" Lydia replied, \"I told him not to, but he made her decision in the end.\" \"What do you mean?\" Ellen asked. \"Do you think the bottle we found in the infirmary will help you destroy the rose bush?\" Lydia said to her. Ellen grabbed the jar that Lydia threw at her and saw to her horror that instead of the original contents, the jar was filled with Kira's blood. \"I told him not to do it, that the \"rules\" of the house would not allow him to meddle with the puzzles It gave us,\" Lydia told her, \"I was very lucky with the fake petals I gave to the yellow flowers, and there was no other chance of another stroke of luck. When Kira, who could move around the house at will, changed the contents of the jar with hisr blood, he sealed his fate as the house absorbed his vital essence.\" \"Kira, he only had the strength to get close enough to the door of your room and tried to warn the real Viola, who soon everything would be over,\" Percy concluded. The real Viola slowly approached the group as she tried to babble something as she had heard everything. \"Excuse me Viola,\" Lydia said to Ellen's bloody body, \"with the powers of the house nullifying my magic, I had to pretend I didn't know it was you. If I had revealed Ellen's deception since we entered the house, the magic of the house would have gone into chaos and we would all have died. I had to get you out of the house, now I can save you.\" \"What are you going to do!\" shouted Viola. \"Not only can roses form a barrier, so can salt,\" said Lydia, \"you were very careful in that sense, Ellen, there was not a single salt shaker in the whole house, but I can still make salt increase your despair.\" The black clouds were already over the house and soon the drizzle began to drizzle down on everyone. Ellen was watching Lydia, Percy and Viola immutably on her old body, when she noticed something on the corner of her lips soaked in light rain. \"Lydia, what are you doing? AHHHHGGGG,\" Percy shouted as his eyes looked up into the black clouds and then covered his face with his hands as if he were seeing a horror. The raindrops were salty. \"Did you say you were jealous of me, Ellen? I didn't always have Percy by my side, just like you were despised by everyone else,\" Lydia said. \"You couldn't get out? Even if you're surrounded by people, you can still be lonely. What is falling at this moment are not only raindrops, but also all the tears I shed when I realized that I did not live a single day of my life and only existed.\" Ellen gave a heartbreaking scream and her soul tried to flee the place, which together with Viola's desire to return to her original body, caused Ellen and Viola to switch bodies. Viola lay unconscious on the grass with her original body, while Ellen had returned to hers, who would soon die. \"Percy, are you all right?\" Lydia asked him when she approached her boyfriend. \"I am, Lydia, I'm just worried to see you cry, and when I saw all those tears of yours.\" Lydia hugged Percy, who reciprocated the hug. After a moment they split up. \"Percy, help me get Ellen to the tree stump, I have to save her.\" Percy did so and carefully deposited the withered body of Ellen who was already dying. Lydia murmured an enchantment and a magic circle appeared around the stump, then Ellen's body was transmuted into a white flower, just like the one next to the tree in the garden inside the house. \"It's a lily tree,\" Lydia explained to Percy, \"Ellen's memories came to my mind, sometimes when she was a little better, she would come out here and sit by this tree, yes, she was like a pure and beautiful white flower. But when you only get contempt from others, in the end you change for the worse.\" \"The ghost head with the lilies was another manifestation of Ellen?\" Percy asked. \"Yes, it was the subconscious manifestation of her desire to be saved,\" Lydia replied, \"now she and the other spirits trapped in the house can rest in peace.\" \"Including Mr. Frog?\" \"All of them: Mr. Frog, Kira, the invisible bird, the ghosts, even the addicted prisoner... now they will all reside in this white flower that will become a beautiful white tree.\" When she said this, the butterfly in Percy's hair flapped its delicate wings one last time as if to say goodbye and then vanished. . . Eighty years later... A beautiful blonde girl with braids was approaching a couple of trees in the middle of the forest. \"Here it is, here it is!\" said the girl to an adult woman who, like the girl, had blond hair except that it fell into an elegant ponytail. The girl and the woman wore casual clothes and watched in rapt fascination the landscape in front of them. \"You know my princess? Your grandmother told me that a friend of hers and her boyfriend planted this white tree so that a girl would never feel alone again.\" \"A little girl?\" \"Yes, she lived in a house that now has no ruins left. These two trees were at the entrance of the house.\" \"And the child is happy now?\" Your grandmother told me that she was and that she had a lot of friends to play with. Mother and daughter left after a while, and bathed in the sunlight, a varied group of people, cats and other animals, insects and even plants, all translucent and in front of a translucent house, seemed to spend a pleasant afternoon with a beautiful seven-year-old girl. And there, watching them all from a tree branch, a black cat smiled gently as he lay down to take his usual nap in the radiant sunshine. FIN Thank you for reading, do not forget to vote and comment, pretty please. ","Summary":" It is not intended to infringe the rights of those who own the franchises: \"The Witch's House\" an"},{"Movie":"Beetlejuice","Title":"how we became","Author":"Yunaff28","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12828500","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Lydia and Beetlejuice story (movie and cartoon mix) tells how they became friends and something more. I don't own Beetlejuice. \" Thinking\" / \"speaking\" Chapter 1 I walked into my apartment from a long day at college. I placed my keys in my bat bowl that sit right beside the door. I then walk into my living room on my way to my bedroom. I love the floor plan of my apartment I even have a guest room for when someone wants to come over. The door to that room was closed so I know my roommate was not home at that time. I entered the hall way for me bedroom and looked at all the pictures that I have ether gotten or have token myself. There is one of my dad and Delia in New York, there is one of my dead-god parents Adam and Barbara. A picture of when I graduated with my two friend's bertha and prudence's. Then there is the picture I have of my best friend and roommate Beetlejuice. I smile as I'm looking at all the pictures it takes me back to when I first meet them all including him. ((Flashback)) it all started back when my dad bought the Maitland house. My dad needed a break from the big city. In the car \" why would dad buy a house out in nowhere land called Connecticut? I know dad needed the break but really\" Lydia thought as they were driving up to the house. When they pulled up to the house Jane the real estate lady was waiting for them. Dad and Delia got out of the car and started to talk to Jane about the house. I climbed out of the car with my camera around my neck I started to take pictures of the house. When I notice that the window to the attic curtain moved back into place it almost looked like someone was watching us. At this time Otho showed up. He and Delia had plans for the house. They were already down stairs spraying the walls and talking about what they were going to change. I climbed the stairs and not paying Delia any mind. At the top of the stairs I came upon was just right for me. It was not too big but big enough for my things the closet would hold all my clothes there was room for my mother vanity and also room for my four post bed.[Chapter 2] Chapter 2 The movers started to bring in my boxes. Delia and Otho were making their way up to the bedrooms. \" This is going to be my room, don't touch it\" Lydia told both Delia and Otho. \" Are you sure don't you think it needs something to bring some life into the room\" Delia said to me \" No I like it the way it is right now\" Lydia told her \" Delia just let it go when she moves out you can change it then right, for now let's think about the rest of the house\" Otho told Delia then they walked off, I closed my door, \" I can't stand that lady.\" I started to unpack my boxes. Placing the clothes in the closet and placing my picture of my mother and myself on my vanity mirror. I also placed my jeweler box on the right side of my vanity. After being in the house for three weeks, I started to get used to being in the country. One night I heard loud moaning coming from Delia room. \"I couldn't believe her really at this time of night.\" Lydia thought before she started to bang on the wall \"really Delia some of us are kids and trying to sleep here\" Lydia yells at her through the wall. The moaning stopped but then started up louder than before. Then I heard what sounded like voices coming from the hall. They didn't sound like ether my dad or Delia so I walked out of my room with my camera in my hands. That when I saw to people covered with bed sheets with eye holes cut out. I started to take pictures of the two as I made my way back to my bed room. When I got to my door I bent down and pick up one of the pictures it showed the two people but they didn't have feet. \" Are you guys ghost, are you gross under there, are you the waking dead \" Lydia ask the two sheets. The lady and male pulled their sheets off \" the waking dead \" the lady ghost asked \" You can see us, how is that no living person can see us \" said the male ghost. \" Well I did read that book handbook for the recently deceased and it said that the strange and unusual can see and my self is strange and unusual myself\" Lydia tells the two ghosts.[Chapter 3] Chapter 3 This is when I first meet Adam and Barbara. They were the house owner before my bought it. After a month living in the house dad and Delia decided to have a party with some of the people Delia knows and Otho. At the table I told Delia I know some ghost but Delia didn't want to hear anything that was not about herself. As the dinner got under way, they all started to sing when they were all done they went out into the living room laughing about what just happened. After Delia friends left because the ghost didn't want to come down. Dad, Delia, Otho and myself when up to the attic, as Delia is yelling at the ghost to open up the attic door opened by its self. We all walked in and that is when dad saw the town model that Adam had made. After we leave the attic were on the landing when Delia places her hand on to the railing when she pulled away. The railing hand turned itself into a snake with a weird looking human head. The snake right off the bat, trip Otho, he went down the stairs head over heels. Then the snake turned and wrapped its tail around my father's leg then lifted him up into the air. \" We come for you daughter chuck\" said the snake to my father, who then dropped my dad over the railing. I hide my face from the snake that was coming up to me. I didn't hear what Barbara said but whatever it was the snake was not happy by it as the snake yelled out \"OH NO \" and then disappeared. I was so upset with her that I told her to stay away from me as I ran into my bedroom. The next day as I sat at my vanity I started to write a suicide note. I started by writing \"I'm alone\" but it didn't feel right so I started over again \"I'm utterly alone when you read this I will have plummet to my death off of the winter bridge\" I left my room and made my way up to the attic. \" Hello is anyone here, Barbara, Adam\" Lydia called out. That is when I heard his voice for the first time. \" Dead, dead, deadski\" his voice called out.When I moved over to the town model, that's when I saw him for the first time. He was sitting in a chair on a balcony on a house that didn't match any of the other houses.[Chapter 4] Chapter 4 He had what looked like cucumbers on his eyes \"of course they're dead they are ghost\" Lydia told him. \"No I mean they're gone, split out of here as in the afterlife kid, as deceased-ahh\" he told Lydia . \"Are you a ghost to\" Lydia asked him. He sat up and removed the cucumber from his eyes \"I'm the ghost with the most, babe\" he leered at Lydia \"You look like someone I can relate to. Maybe you could help me get out of here, you know because I got to tell you this death thing… it's too creepy. You see here's my problem I got these friends I said I would meet on the outside and its one of those things were I have to be there in person, so do you think you can help me get out of here\" he asked Lydia. I looked away and told him \"I want to get in\" \"why? You know hey you have your own reasons. I can't do anything from here if you could get me out then we can talk or something\" he asked \"what do I have to do \" Lydia ask \"for me to do anything all you have to do is say my name three times and we can talk more\" he tells Lydia \" So what's your name then\" Lydia asked him \"well here the thing I can't tell you\" he says to Lydia \"why not\" Lydia ask him \"see if I tell you, you'll tell your friends then they will be calling me up on the horn all the time, I gotten show up a t shopping center for openings and sign autographs and shit like that and it makes my life hell ok? A living hell\" he tells Lydia. \" So if you can't tell me \" Lydia tells him \"if you have a pen or something…. Hold on you knows how to play charades' right\" he asks Lydia \"I guess \" Lydia says \"ok here we go \" he says. He holds up two fingers \" two words\" Lydia says \"good\" he says then hold up one finger \"first word\" Lydia says he then starts to move his head back like he was trying to tell Lydia. Lydia didn't know what he was trying to do \"just look behind you\" he yells at Lydia. When Lydia looks behind her there sitting in a chair is a giant beetle \" B-Beetle\" Lydia gasps \" Yes, now part two…\" he says.[Chapter 5] Chapter 5 Now floating in from of Lydia was a glass and a carton of juice. So Lydia starts to guess \"beetle… breakfast…beetle….orange….beetle…..liquid….beetle….juice.\" \"Yes! You said it\" Beetlejuice yells in glee \"so you're names Beetlejuice\" Lydia ask him \"you said it twice, come on say it one more time.\" Beetlejuice tell Lydia Lydia stops and thinks back to something that had happened \"it was you\" Lydia ask him \"me\" Beetlejuice looks surprise \"ya that snake that almost hurt my father\" Lydia tell Beetlejuice \"no what snake? You kids and you imaginations…..look just say it\" Beetlejuice said to Lydia \" I'm not sure… I think I should talk to Barbara first\" Lydia tells Beetlejuice. Beetlejuice is still trying to get her to say his name \"no, you don't need to talk to Barbara, JUST SAY IT!\" Beetlejuice yells at her Lydia really didn't know if she but what could be the harm \"beetle….\" Lydia starts to say when behind her Barbara calls out to her \"Lydia \" when Lydia turned around Barbara didn't look like her normal self her mouth was opened as far as it could go and her eye balls were resting on her tongue. Lydia backed away and bumps into Adam when Lydia turns to look at him he was also not looking like himself. When Lydia turned back around Barbara was back to normal. \" He told me if I could let him out, he would take me to the other side to find you\" Lydia tells Barbara. \"Lydia... no we're dead\" Barbara says to Lydia. \"Lydia being dead really doesn't make things easy\" Barbara tells her . \"Listen to her Lydia this is something we know about\" Adam says as he come up to Barbara as he turns around his noise was still long. Lydia laughs at how funny he looked. We then hear the door to the attic open and we all hide. We see my dad and Otho walking up to the town model of Adams. They then start to take the model apart. \"What are they doing\" Adam asks \"I'm not sure, I'll go find out\" Lydia tells him[Chapter 6] Chapter 6 As Lydia is starting to walk down stairs she hears her father talking with some people as she gets closer she can hear what sound like him tilling his boss maxim about the town and how some of the building have paranormal things and that people will come all over. As Lydia came down the stairs her father spotted her. \"Pumpkin \" Charles calls out to Lydia when she got close to him Charles pulled Lydia into his side. \"Well where are they\" Delia asked Lydia \" Gone you guys most of scared them away but they did say that if we could we can all live together here in the house\" Lydia tell them all. \" What do you mean there gone, don't worries we are not relining on her we have Otho\" Delia says \"so Otho are they still here\" Delia asked Otho \"Yes they are still here just hiding\" Otho tell them. \" Otho can you do it, can you make it were we can see them\" Charles ask Otho. \" It will be tricky but I think I have it\" Otho tells Charles as he told up the book handbook for the recently deceased. \"No you can't\" Lydia yells at Otho but then she stops and thinks \"never mind you can't even change a tire.\" Lydia tells Otho \" I'll need something of theirs\" Otho says to the group. \"Hold on\" Delia says before she walks away, when she come back and has a wedding dress and a tuxedo. They then placed the dress and tuxedo onto the table top. Otho then lights a red candle and starts to read from the book. As Otho read lighting started to flash in the back ground, there was a green light that started to come from the dress. The dress started to move into a body shape, hands starts to come down the sleeves and a head popped out. It was Barbara \"what are you doing\" Lydia yells at Otho. Barbara looks over and Lydia and they both held out there hand but they can't touch. As Otho keeps reading Barbara skin starts to pull in so you can see bones it looks like she's ether drying up or rotting away. Otho keeps on ready from the handbook and now the tuxedo is in the same place as the dress. Now its Adams turn to appear before them. Both Adam and Barbara look at each other you can see the love in their eyes. Adam goes to hold Barbara hand but it's starting to fall apart. \"Stop it your killing them\" Lydia yells at Otho \" Otho you can stop this\" Charles ask Otho. Otho starts to look scared \"no now that it's started I can't stop it\" Otho says as he starts to flip through the book. Please review and let me know what you all think about the story. Ill try to make the story longer so that it's not so short. And just so everyone knows I don't own Beetlejuice I just love both the cartoon and they movie ~~~~~~[Chapter 7] Chapter 7 Disclaimer I don't own Beetlejuice. \" Thinking\" / \"speaking\" Lydia was scared that she was going to lose two great people who were there for her. Lydia ran over to the town model. She started looking around the model Beetlejuice. She found him sitting on some tome stones. He was wearing a white and black suit. \" Help them \" Lydia asked him \" well you know what you have to say but there is one little thing you have to do before I help you out \" Beetlejuice told Lydia as he was cleaning his red tipped figures. \" What do you need me to do before you will help them out\" Lydia asked Beetlejuice as she looked back over at Barbara and Adam. Beetlejuice looked down and his red tipped figures and was cleaning the dirt and gram out from underneath his nails . \"Well I only need to get hitched so I can stay out for real, these aren't my rules come to think about it I don't have any rules \" he lard at Lydia. \"So if I let you out all I have to do is marry you and you will help them\" Lydia asked him \"Yep\" Beetlejuice replied. Lydia had to stop and think about this. She was only 16 at the time but when she looked at what was happening to Barbara and Adam she know she couldn't live without them in her life. \"Ok…Beetlejuice….Beetlejuice….. Beetlejuice\" Lydia called softly to him. Beetlejuice look up at her after she said his name \"its show time\" Beetlejuice called out. As Lydia backed away from the model it began to shake and a green glow was coming from the middle of the model. Rose up from the middle of the model it looked like his arms become all long and he had them rolled up and his head looking like he had a merry-go round as a hat. His arm then rose up and a light spot went onto maxim and his wife why just started to laugh thinking that it was a big joke. When Beetlejuice brought his arms down both of them shot up and right out of the house. Otho tried to run away but Beetlejuice run up to him and then after he changed Otho outfit. Otho screamed like a little girl and run out of the house. Lydia ran over to her father and Delia. Beetlejuice then came up to them and wrapped his arm around all of them. \" Mom, Dad I just want you two to your welcome at our house anytime you want to come over. In the meantime the dowers on me\" Beetlejuice told Charles and Delia as he places a hand full of snakes into Charles hand. When Beetlejuice turns around and walk away from the group his black and white suit has change into a red suit with a puffy under shirt. He then holds his arm out to Lydia and when she looks down she is in a red hideous ball gown. She was then pulled over to Beetlejuice side by a unseen force. Barbara and Adam try to help. Adam tries to say Beetlejuice's name but Beetlejuice used some juice to make Adam jaw fall off. Beetlejuice then starts to count off his fingers things he may be for getting he looks back over to Charles and Delia \"would you \" he then juice Delia sculptures they come to life and walks over to them. \" One holds Delia I kind of have to hold a laugh in.\" Lydia thinks. The other one goes over to Charles and make him sit down. Beetlejuice looks over at the fire place and the fire place starts to change it shape. There's a green glow that then starts coming from the fire place and you start to see a shadow of someone coming up to the opening. Beetlejuice pulls Lydia in front of the dead preacher who is going to be doing their wedding. The preacher starts off the wedding \" do you beetle…\" the preacher starts to say and Beetlejuice stops him before he says his name. \"Do you take this woman to be your wedded wife\"?\" preacher asks Beetlejuice. Beetlejuice leave Lydia side for a minute and starts to mumble under his breath. \"Oh geez, I don't know I mean, it's kind of a big decision? I mean I always said if I ever did it I was going to do it once and that was it \" Beetlejuice then comes back over to Lydia side. \" Sure go ahead \" Beetlejuice tells the preacher. The preacher then turns to Lydia \"do you Lydia take this man…. ?\" Lydia yells out \"no …. Bee…..\" and starts to say Beetlejuice name when he stops her by placing his hand over her mouth. \"She a little bit nervous maybe I should answer for her ok?\" Beetlejuice tells the preacher. He keeps his hand over Lydia's mouth and starts talking with Lydia voice. \"I'm Lydia deetz and I'm of sound mind this man next to me is the one I want. You ask me I'm answering yes I love that man of mine.\" Lydia couldn't believe what she was hearing Beetlejuice can sound just like her.[Chapter 8] Chapter 8 Disclaimer- I don't own Beetlejuice. \" Thinking\" / \"speaking\" He then removes his hand from Lydia's mouth after he had told the preacher in her voice. He then tries to get the preacher to go faster. \"Beetle…\" Adam gets out when Beetlejuice juices Adams teeth to fall out. (Adams teeth look like then joke teeth you could get in the old times) Adam somehow relies that he can still call out. At this time Adams teeth are jumping around and biting Beetlejuice in the feet making him dance away from Lydia and the preacher. Beetlejuice runs back over to Lydia's side and in front of the preacher. Adam now has his teeth back in there right place and he try again to save Lydia. He runs up to them but again Beetlejuice stops him this time he uses some of his juice to make Adam disappear. \"Beetlejuice\" Barbara calls out. This makes him squeal because Barbara was able to say his name without him stopping her. Beetlejuice then juices her lips so the look like a zipper is on her face but this doesn't stop Barbara she just unzips her lips and call out again \"Beetlejuice\". Beetlejuice pulls his arm back and then making like he's throwing something and next thing we know Barbara has a metal plate over her lips she can't get it off to call out his name for the third time\" Beetlejuice then turns back to the preacher who then asks for the rings. Beetlejuice starts to dig through his pockets and starts to pull random stuff out of them. He then turns and makes Barbara disappear. Then out of one of his inside pockets he pulls a figure that has a ring on it. \"I can't believe this guy\" Lydia thinking as all this junk is falling then when she sees the figure with the ring on it. \" I'm telling you honey, she meant noting to me. Nothing at all\" Beetlejuice tell Lydia as he pulls the ring off of the figure. As Beetlejuice is trying to place the ring onto Lydia hand so they can get the wedding over. A small red car comes flying off the town model and run right into Beetlejuice foot and catches his foot on fire. \"How does a fake car even do that\" Beetlejuice is thinking as he's jumping around trying to put out his foot. The preacher is still going on with the wedding with all this going on. \"I now pronounce you, man and….\" The preacher starts to say when Barbara come smashing through the ceiling riding on the back of a weird looking worm that has two faces. The worm comes right down on top of were Beetlejuice is standing, the worm just keeps going and now there is a large hole where he was standing. I throw the bouquet into the hole that was left from the worm, with this Barbara and Adam hugged Charles and Delia can now see them. A couple days after we fixed the hole the worm made that is when I found ring that he tried to give me. A week went by and Lydia started school at MISS SHANNON\"S school for girls. \"I started to come out of my shell. I made some friends bertha and prudence's. The only person I wish was not here is Claire Brewster. She soooo stuck up with her fake tan.\" Lydia thought as she grabbed her bike. As Lydia pull up in front of her house and walks in she sees Adam still tinkering with his model. \"Here are some new pictures of the town and the paint you asked for\" Lydia told Adam as she handed over the pictures and paints. \"Thanks, so how did your test go\" Adam ask Lydia as he looks over his glasses. \"Well….\" Lydia shyly tells Adam \"what we study for that test all week\" Adam gasped. Lydia lets Adam know that for her science test they wanted her to take apart an animal so she got a c on that one . \"I got an A on the math test, so can I\" Lydia asks Adam. Both Adam and Barbara are able to move things with just looking at them but they still can't leave the house. The rocking chair and boxes start to tap out the music to shake shake senora \"which is one of my new song a love.\" Lydia thought as the music plays.[Chapter 9] Chapter 9 Disclaimer- I don't own Beetlejuice. \" Thinking\" / \"speaking\" ((End Flashback)) \" Now years later as I walk in my apartment I remember what happened when I first meet him. I still remember when he first got back in touch with me\". ((Flashback)) it was a year after Lydia had started school. Lydia was in her room doing her homework at her vanity when Lydia first saw the spider sitting under her vanity mirror. \"I wonder where you came from be careful if Delia see you, you may not last the week\" Lydia told the spider. When the spider stepped out into the light was when Lydia got her first look at it. The spider had what looked like black and white stripes on its body. \" That weird I've never saw a spider with your color before\" Lydia said to the spider. The spider paused in surprised before it walked away . \"Ok that's weird it almost look like that spider paused in surprise when I said that to it\" Lydia thought before she went to bed. The next day the spider was back. \"Hold on your not a normal spider are you\" Lydia ask it. The next thing Lydia knows was the spider disappeared. \"Weird\" Lydia thought. A week went by before Lydia saw the spider again. This time it was on the top of her vanity mirror just looking at her. \"Ok if I think I you are who I think don't think that I'm going to say it \" Lydia said to the stripped spider. This seemed to surprise the spider because it made the spider fall off from the mirror but it never hit the floor. Lydia kept seeing the spider all over her room but most of the time it sat on her vanity till one day. After a hard day at school after Clair had been picking on Lydia she never notice that her spider visitor wasn't there but in her mirror there was a mist starting to form. As soon as Lydia got over to her bed she though herself across it. \"I hate that Claire why does she do that I know I'm strange but come on\" Lydia said out loud to herself. As soon as the last word out of her mouth that is when she heard him for the first time. \"So babes what up with you\" his voice said. Lydia jumped up from her bed. She looked around but didn't see him. \"Ok where are you at you are not going to get me to say your name.\" Lydia told him. She then heard a knocking coming from her mirror \"what\" Lydia gasped as she ran over to her mirror. \"Hi ya babes\" his voice said coming from the mirror. \"How did you get back and why are you in my mirror\" Lydia yells at him. \"Well….you see lyds I'm not back I'm stuck in this fucking waiting room after I got out of that fucking sandworm your lovely fried brought over\" Beetlejuice's voice said from the mirror. \"So that's what it was called\" Lydia thought about what that worm was called. \"ya that's a fucking sandworm and I'm telling you right now it suck trying to get out of one of them when you get eaten\" Beetlejuice voice says from the mirror. \" So how are you contacting me, if you're in the waiting room whatever that is at\" Lydia asks Beetlejuice voice. \"It's the one place you go after you check out its how the higher ups can place you I hate fucking waiting around here.\" His voice tells Lydia \"so how are you able to contact me\" Lydia ask Beetlejuice . \"I know some loop holes if you notice that your mirror has am mist that's my juice your seeing right now, I found a mirror in one of my pockets and….\" Beetlejuice tells Lydia from the mirror. Lydia doesn't know how to take everything that he was telling her. \"well BJ I have to get to bed I have school tomorrow and just so you can't see out I'm going to place a sheet over the mirror for the night\" Lydia tells him and before he can say anything Lydia found a dark blanket and places it over her mirror. After that Lydia gets ready for bed. The next morning Lydia get ready for school she goes over to her mirror and removes the blanket she looks and see there is no mist in the mirror \"well BJ if your still here when I get home will talk some more\" Lydia tells her mirror after she then leaves to get to school.[Chapter 10] Chapter 10 Disclaimer- I don't own Beetlejuice. \" Thinking\" / \"speaking\" Beetlejuice was sitting in his dead living room looking at some picture of his best pal Lydia; he started to smile at some of the picture he has hanging on his dead wall, he started to remember everything that lead up to them becoming best friends. \"I hope Lyds gets home soon and call's me, I wonder how her class was I know she was stressing over that one class last night. Man it's almost been a whole day it still sucks that I can't get over there myself without someone calling me\" Beetlejuice says out loud ((Flashback)) he decided to do what he does best pull some pranks that don't call him the ghost with the most for nothing. He changed the railing into one of the pranks he loves the most a snake. He used his tail to push the fat man down the stairs he went heels over heels down them. Beetlejuice laughed as he did this. The he saw the father of the group trying to get into a room. Beetlejuice wrapped his tail around one of the father's legs and pulled him over in front of his face. \"We came for you daughter chucks\" Beetlejuice laughed in Charles face before dropping him over the side of the railing. \"I know that there was a couch down there so he should not get hurt too much.\" Thought Beetlejuice before looking over at the daughter before he started to go over the daughter turned away. That's when the Bitch Barbara called my name he hates when his fun gets cut short. Then the next day Beetlejuice meet Lydia without the two dead stiffs getting in his way. Beetlejuice was rest from a night spent with some neitherworld lady of the night when he heard the attic door open. \"wonder who this is\" Beetlejuice thinks before seeing Lydia coming in. he hears her calling out for the two stiff that are not here. \" Dead, dead, deadski\" Beetlejuice calls out.When she moves over to the town model, that's when she see him for the first time. \"of course they're dead they are ghost\" Lydia asked him. \"No I mean they're gone, split out of here as in the afterlife kid, as deceased-ahh\" he told Lydia . \"Are you a ghost to\" Lydia asked him. \"I'm the ghost with the most, babe\" he leered at Lydia as he sat up. \" You look like someone I can relate to. Maybe you could help me get out of here, you know because I got to tell you this death thing… it's too creepy. You see here's my problem I got these friends I said I would meet on the outside and its one of those things were I have to be there in person, so do you think you can help me get out of here\" he tells Lydia. She looks away from him and under her breath but he was still able to hear her \"I want to get in\" \"why? You know hey you have your own reasons. I can't do anything from here if you could get me out then we can talk or something\" he says \"what do I have to do \" Lydia ask Beetlejuice \"for me to do anything all you have to do is say my name three times and we can talk more\" he tells Lydia \" So what's your name then\" Lydia asked him \"well here the thing I can't tell you\" he says to Lydia \"why not\" Lydia ask him \"see if I tell you, you'll tell your friends then they will be calling me up on the horn all the time, I gotten show up a t shopping center for openings and sign autographs and shit like that and it makes my life hell ok? A living hell\" he tells Lydia. \" So if you can't tell me \" Lydia tells him \"if you have a pen or something…. Hold on you knows how to play charades' right\" he asks Lydia \"I guess \" Lydia says \"ok here we go \" he says. He holds up two fingers \" two words\" Lydia says \"good\" he says then hold up one finger \"first word\" Lydia says Beetlejuice then starts to move his head back like he was trying to tell Lydia. Lydia didn't know what he was trying to do \"just look behind you\" he yells at Lydia. When Lydia looks behind her there sitting in a chair is a giant beetle \"Beetle\" Lydia gasps \"Yes, now part two…\" Beetlejuice says. Please review and tell me how you think. The next couple of chapter will be from how Beetlejuice saw and did everything so I'll be reusing parts from other chapters sorry if any of them are to short im trying to get them longer. Thanks again to any who read this.[Chapter 11] Chapter 12 Disclaimer- I don't own Beetlejuice. \" Thinking\" / \"speaking\" Rising up from the middle of the model was Beetlejuice with what looked like his arms become all long and he had them rolled up and on his head looking like he had a merry-go round as a hat. His arm then rose up and a light spot came on and went onto maxim and his wife why just started to laugh thinking that it was a big joke. When Beetlejuice brought his arms down both of them shot up and right out of the house. After this Otho tried to run away but Beetlejuice run up to him and then after he changed Otho outfit. Otho screamed like a little girl and run out of the house. Lydia ran over to her father and Delia. Beetlejuice then came up to them and wrapped his arm around all of them. \" Mom, Dad I just want you two to your welcome at our house anytime you want to come over. In the meantime the dowers on me\" Beetlejuice told Charles and Delia as he places a hand full of snakes into Charles hand. When Beetlejuice turns around and walk away from the group his black and white suit has change into a red suit with a puffy under shirt. He then holds his arm out to Lydia and when she looks down she is in a red hideous ball gown. She was then pulled over to Beetlejuice side by a unseen force. Barbara and Adam try to help. Adam tries to say Beetlejuice's name but Beetlejuice used some juice to make Adam jaw fall off. Beetlejuice then starts to count off his fingers things he may be for getting he looks back over to Charles and Delia \"would you \" he then juice Delia sculptures so they come to life and walks over to them. The other one goes over to Charles and make him sit down. Beetlejuice looks over at the fire place and the fire place starts to change it shape. There's a green glow that then starts coming from the fire place and you start to see a shadow of someone coming up to the opening. Beetlejuice pulls Lydia in front of the dead preacher who is going to be doing their wedding. The preacher starts off the wedding \" do you beetle…\" the preacher starts to say and Beetlejuice stops him before he says his name. \"Do you take this woman to be your wedded wife\"?\" preacher asks Beetlejuice. Beetlejuice leave Lydia side for a minute and starts to mumble under his breath. \"Oh geez, I don't know I mean, it's kind of a big decision? I mean I always said if I ever did it I was going to do it once and that was it \" Beetlejuice then comes back over to Lydia side. Smirking at Lydia \" Sure go ahead \" Beetlejuice tells the preacher. The preacher then turns to Lydia \"do you Lydia take this man…. ?\" Lydia yells out \"no …. Bee…..\" and starts to say Beetlejuice name when he stops her by placing his hand over her mouth. \"She a little bit nervous maybe I should answer for her ok?\" Beetlejuice tells the preacher. He keeps his hand over Lydia's mouth and starts talking with Lydia voice. \"I'm Lydia deetz and I'm of sound mind this man next to me is the one I want. You ask me I'm answering yes I love that man of mine.\" Lydia couldn't believe what she was hearing Beetlejuice can sound just like her. Beetlejuice then removes his hand from Lydia's mouth after he had told the preacher in her voice. He then tries to get the preacher to go faster. \"Beetle…\" Adam gets out when Beetlejuice juices Adams teeth to fall out. (Adams teeth look like then joke teeth you could get in the old times) Adam somehow relies that he can still call out. At this time Adams teeth are jumping around and biting Beetlejuice in the feet making him dance away from Lydia and the preacher. Beetlejuice runs back over to Lydia's side and in front of the preacher. Adam now has his teeth back in there right place and he try again to save Lydia. He runs up to them but again Beetlejuice stops him this time he uses some more of his juice to make Adam disappear. \"Beetlejuice\" Barbara calls out. This makes Beetlejuice squeal like a pig because Barbara was able to say his name without him stopping her. Beetlejuice then juices her lips so the look like a zipper is on her face but this doesn't stop Barbara she just unzips her lips and call out again \"Beetlejuice\". Beetlejuice pulls his arm back and then making like he's throwing something and next thing we know Barbara has a metal plate over her lips she can't get it off to call out his name for the third time\" Beetlejuice then turns back to the preacher who then asks for the rings. Beetlejuice starts to dig through his pockets and starts to pull random stuff out of them. He then turns and makes Barbara disappear. Then out of one of his inside pockets he pulls a figure that has a ring on it. \"I can't believe this guy\" Lydia thinking as all this junk is falling then when she sees the figure with the ring on it. \" I'm telling you honey, she meant nothing to me. Nothing at all\" Beetlejuice tell Lydia as he pulls the ring off of the figure. As Beetlejuice is trying to place the ring onto Lydia hand so they can get the wedding over. A small red car comes flying off the town model and run right into Beetlejuice foot and catches his foot on fire. \"How does a fake car even do that\" Beetlejuice is thinking as he's jumping around trying to put out his foot. The preacher is still going on with the wedding with all this going on. \"I now pronounce you, man and….\" The preacher starts to say when Barbara come smashing through the ceiling riding on the back of a weird looking worm that has two faces. The worm comes right down on top of were Beetlejuice is standing, the worm just keeps going and now there is a large hole where he was standing. \" After the fucking worm ate me I now have to wait in this fucking waiting room again.\" Thinks Beetlejuice as he pulls a long number from the number dispensers. After he gets his number he goes and sits in-between a lady who's cut in half. \"I wonder how this half feels and if I can get to see up her skirt.\" Beetlejuice thinks as he starts to rub the side of the legs the upper half of the body smacks him in his face he gets up and moves over to the other couch. This one has the voodoo man and an man with a small head. Im trying to make them longer and remember review and tell me what you think this is my first time writing something like this. Now we will be see from Beetlejuice point of view to when he meets Lydia again. Thanks for all who read this story.[Chapter 12] Chapter 13 Disclaimer- I don't own Beetlejuice. \" Thinking\" / \"speaking\" The receptionist at the dead waiting room window calls out number 2 and when Beetlejuice looks down at the number the voodoo man has it reads number 3 so Beetlejuice decides he's not going to wait till his number get called he going to play a joke. \"Look there goes the king\" Beetlejuice calls out and points in the other direction making the voodoo guy look at where Beetlejuice was pointing. When that happened Beetlejuice grabbed the number out of the voodoo man hand and replaced it with his number. \" Well I think I'm up next \" Beetlejuice says as he pulls his suit sleeve down. The voodoo man looked at his number then reached into a bag that he had tied around his waist he pulled some dust out and when he sprinkled it over Beetlejuice head, his head start's to get smaller and smaller. \" Hey, hey what's going on, this may be a new look for me\" Beetlejuice said in a small high pitched voice. As Beetlejuice sat there waiting for his number to be called he watched all the dead come and go before him. \"that fucking juno who does she think she is making me sit here at less my head is back to its normal size that sucked\" Beetlejuice thought as he started looking around the only thing he could fine was the hand book \"of course that's the only reading material that they have let's see what I have in my pockets\" Beetlejuice thinks as he starts to pull thing out from all different pockets on his suit. Out of one pocket he pulls had small hand mirror \"I wonder were this came from now let's see what I can do with this\" Beetlejuice thinks as he uses some of his juice on the mirror. At first there was nothing but darkness but as it cleared he could see into a bedroom. \"Wonder whose this belongs to\" as Beetlejuice is wonder he sees the door open up and a girl walks in. \" who is this now \" Beetlejuice wonders. Next thing he hears someone calling for the girl \"Lydia do you know where the bug spray is at.\" The young girl huffed before replying \"no Delia what do you need the spray for\" Lydia call out from her door way she then left to see what her step mother needed the spray for. \"So this is that bitch's room huh\" Beetlejuice thinks as he takes a look around. Not much to look at but she does like the dark stuff. This went on for a week as Beetlejuice looks at his mirror as Lydia come and goes \" I wonder if I can just a little bit of myself over there I haven't done that in a long time but first I need something that's small\" Beetlejuice says under his breath as he looks around Lydia's room that is when he spots the spider web in the one corner of the room. \"I hate to lose lunch but it will help me look around more\" Beetlejuice says right before he points one of his red tip fingers at the spider. As his juice hits the spider it freezes and then fall out of its web. When the spider hits the floor it starts to twitch and move as the color changes into stripes that are black and white. \" Huh so that's what it's like for a spider it kind of hurts my head but what the fuck if I can move that's all that counts\" say the spider with Beetlejuice voice. The bed room door opens and in walks Lydia who has her school bag on, she sits down at her vanity when Beetlejuice sees her taking out her books and notebooks. \"What is she doing\" Beetlejuice is wounding from the spiders web so he come down from the web and sits under the mirror for the vanity. As Beetlejuice watching he doesn't know that at this time Lydia also saw him. \" I wonder where you came from be careful if Delia see you, you may not last the week\" Lydia tells the spider not knowing who she was talking with. After Lydia said this, the spider walks out into the light and that is when Lydia sees the stripped black and white spider. \"That's a weird spider iv never say one with your color before\" Lydia tells the spider. Beetlejuice paused walking in surprise when he heard her, he didn't think she even notice him down on her vanity so he just walked away. The next day Beetlejuice once again become the spider to spy on Lydia when she called out to him \"hold on your not a normal spider are you\" Lydia said to the spider. Beetlejuice couldn't believe that she had even notice so before she could get a better looks he made the spider disappeared. \"That was weird never before has anyone ever caught me like that\" Beetlejuice mumbles under his breath. He then looks up from the mirror that he was using for the spider to see where they were at with the number they were only up to 9,998,383,700,000. \"well fuck I still have another 50 thousand to go I wonder what Lydia thinks about the spider I has almost been a week\" Beetlejuice thinks before looking back down and the mirror. When Beetlejuice the spider reappeared in Lydia's room he was on top of her vanity just watching her. At this time Lydia really did surprise him \"If I think you are who I think you are don't think that I'm going to say it\" Lydia tells the stripped spider. Beetlejuice was so surprise that he fell out of his chair in the waiting room which made the spider disappears. When he would look in at her he would all ways come back to the best spot on top of the vanity. He did this for over a week just popping in on her. The next day Beetlejuice was waiting for her in his spider host waiting for her to come home when he heard the door to her room fly open and Lydia comes running in and though herself onto her bed. \"I hate that Claire why does she do that, I know I'm strange but come on\" Lydia yells out into her bedroom Beetlejuice didn't know what to do so he made her mirror mist over with some of his juice the spider could only do so much \"so babes what's up with you\" he calls out from the mirror. Lydia jumped up from her bed. She looked around but didn't see him. \"Ok where are you at you are not going to get me to say your name.\" Lydia told him. Beetlejuice then knocks on his mirror that's linked to hers \"what\" Lydia gasped as she ran over to her mirror. \"Hi ya babes\" his voice said coming from the mirror. \"How did you get back and why are you in my mirror\" Lydia yells at him. \"Well….you see lyds I'm not back I'm stuck in this fucking waiting room after I got out of that fucking sandworm your lovely fried brought over\" Beetlejuice's voice said from the mirror. \"So that's what it was called\" Lydia thought about what that worm was called. \"ya that's a fucking sandworm and I'm telling you right now it suck trying to get out of one of them when you get eaten\" Beetlejuice voice says from the mirror. \" So how are you contacting me, if you're in the waiting room whatever that is at\" Lydia asks Beetlejuice voice. \"It's the one place you go after you check out its how the higher ups can place you I hate fucking waiting around here.\" His voice tells Lydia as he watches ((see the thing with his juice he can make it were he can see but not anyone else)) \"so how are you able to contact me\" Lydia ask Beetlejuice . \"I know some loop holes if you notice that your mirror has a mist that's my juice you're seeing right now, I found a mirror in one of my pockets and….\" Beetlejuice tells Lydia from the mirror but before he can go on Lydia surprise him again. Lydia doesn't know how to take everything that he was telling her. \"well BJ I have to get to bed I have school tomorrow and just so you can't see out I'm going to place a sheet over the mirror for the night\" Lydia tells him and before he can say anything Lydia found a dark blanket and places it over her mirror. After that Lydia gets ready for bed. \"well that went a little better than I thought but come on cant a guy get to see some goods and what is up with that name BJ\" Beetlejuice says as he looks down at the blackout mirror. \"Calling 9,998,383,750,000 a mister Beetleguise\" the receptionist calls out. \"Finally that my number you suckers\" Beetlejuice jumps up and walks into the hall way leading to Junos office. Please review and tell me what you think I hope this is long for some im trying to make it longer but it may be hard. So there is a little bit of how they start to get to talk again.[Chapter 13] Chapter 14 Disclaimer- I don't own Beetlejuice. \" Thinking\" / \"speaking\" When Beetlejuice gets to Juno's office door and opened it without knocking he walked right in and took a set in one of the chairs that is in front of her desk placing his booted feet up on the surface of her deck. Juno looks up from a folder that she had siting on her desk \"so geuse we need to have a talk about what happened up there\" Juno tells Beetlejuice \"what do we need to talk about, do you mean how I got ate by a fucking sandworm, or the wait I had to do in the dead waiting room or how about getting screwed by them\" Beetlejuice tells juno. \"No geuse how you almost married to a 15 year old and almost got out\" Juno tells Beetlejuice. \" fuck I had no idle that she was only 15 I'm a pervert but not that pervert I mean even before I never would go that far I do have my own code I guess I know why she looked like I was doing something wrong but I had no idea\" Beetlejuice thought as he pulled his booted feet off from juno desk and sat up \" well you have two options the first one I give your file to the higher ups and they go from there or option two you go under house arrest and give up half of your juice till someone makes a bond with you\" juno tells Beetlejuice \"the higher ups have tried it before and nothing came of it so I guess Iii fucking take the house arrest and I'm not happy that I have to give up my juice\" Beetlejuice tells juno. Juno was surprised that Beetlejuice would go for the house arrest \"what changed in him something has changed in him but I can't place my finger on what\" Juno thinks. \" geuse what your doing is very big of you but there's more as for the house arrest you will have half of your juice till you make a bond with someone from the real world\" juno tells Beetlejuice. \"So let me get this straight ill only have half of my juices and have to make a bond with someone\" Beetlejuice as Juno \"yes geuse if you don't follow this then the higher up will take over and they may just remove all of your juice and that you know will kill even you\" juno tells him as she takes a puff from her cigarette a puff of smoke came from the slit from her neck. Beetlejuice could not believe what he was hearing if he didn't follow the rule he will be gone \"well there not much more that I can do right June bug so how are we doing the whole half of my juice do I split myself or something\" Beetlejuice ask juno \"here what we're going to do I have this stone that will hold your juice till he bond with someone as soon as that happens and we know of it then the stone will break and your juice will come back to you and if you can even get that someone to do the whole marriage then you will be able to get out and not sooner\" juno tells him \" Ok let's get this show on the road then \" Beetlejuice thinks as him and Juno both stand up and Juno hold the stone out in front of her. As she holds the stone it starts to glow and Beetlejuice can feel something being pulled from him as he watches he sees a blue glow coming from him and goes into the stone. Next thing he knows is that the room starts to spin and as it gets faster and faster Beetlejuice drops down onto one knee and places his arms around himself as he feels more of the blue glow leave his body then all went dark. When Beetlejuice opens his eyes he's looking at his dead living room ceiling \"wow that was a trip what the fuck did that bitch do to me I feel like shit know\" Beetlejuice says out loud as he sits up and looks around \" well at less the place is in the same way I left it before I got trapped in that model\" Beetlejuice thinks as he starts walking around his house. \"I wonder how much juice do I have left\" Beetlejuice says as he comes up on his bed room mirror. He points one of his red tipped fingers at the mirror and the next thing he knows is he looking into Lydia bedroom. \"Well I can still look in but can she hear me and can I hear her\" he wonders has he see the bedroom door start to open. As he watched Lydia come in to her room dressed in her school uniform and through herself across her bed. Please review and sorry for it being short ill try to make the next one longer.[Chapter 14] Chapter 15 Disclaimer- I don't own Beetlejuice. \" Thinking\" / \"speaking\" Thanks to the great first review jh831 I'll try to make them longer I'm making the story as it comes but thanks again for the Lydia couldn't believe today was the worst day ever. The Maitland were not home they were with Juno they had been go for over a week and Lydia didn't know when they would be home she also had not heard from Beetlejuice in over a month. \"I wonder what he's doing last I know he was in the waiting room and talking to me\" Lydia says as she rolls over. Beetlejuice couldn't believe his ears Lydia was thinking about him so he juice the mirror a little bit more and knocked on the surface of the mirror \" hey babes what's eating you\" Beetlejuice calls out. Lydia jumps up from her bed and run over to her vanity \"BJ is that you\" Lydia ask the mirror but she couldn't see anything. \" I'm here can you not see me\" Beetlejuice voice says from the mirror \"ya I can hear you but there is just mist right now\" Lydia tells him \"I think if you say my name…\" Beetlejuice tells Lydia. \"Hold on…\" Lydia tells him as she gets up from her vanity and walks over to her bedroom door. She opens it and looks around then closes the door again and sits back down in front of the vanity \"ok here goes... Beetlejuice\" Lydia calls out. As soon as she calls his name the mirror clears up and there he is in all his ghostliness in his black and white striped suit \"so I see your still wearing the same suit\" Lydia tell him with a smile on her face \"yep this is the best one so what has you down more than normal\" Beetlejuice ask her as he floats in front of his mirror \" well there's this girl in my school who gets on my case, then there's my step mother and my father then the Maitland's are out right now with Juno and you have been gone for months\" Lydia tells him as she looks down at the top of her vanity. Beetlejuice didn't realizes that it's been months on her side of the mirror \"sorry forgot that over here time goes by slower it's only been a little over a week\" he tells Lydia \"its ok BJ so what have you been doing over there, were are you at right now\" Lydia asked him as she looks behind him she could see what looked like walls but they were a very dark blue color \"well this is my place and right now I found out I'm under house arrest and that I only have half of my powers and that for me to even get out again I have to make a bond with someone on the outside but you know it's me so it should not be that hard\" Beetlejuice tells her as he wiggles his eyebrows. \" So you have to get bonded to someone and you only have half of your juice is that what you call what you do\" Lydia as him . \"Ya my juice is what I use for my pranks and how I change my shape and I also found out something and I had to think about it\" Beetlejuice says to Lydia \" What did you find out that made you think about for so long\" Lydia ask him as she looks into his green eyes. Beetlejuice turns around so his back is facing Lydia \"well I found out that this girl I meet and was going to make her a deal for helping her out that she was only 15 at the time and even I have some standers that I will never cross\" Beetlejuice tells her still facing away from her. \"what is he not a perv so even he has some standers but the only girl I know that he made a deal with was me and when he was going to marry me I was only 15\" Lydia think \"wait I'm that girl aren't I\" Lydia asked his back Beetlejuice turns back around to face Lydia \" ya I'm sorry about that if I knew you were 15 I never would of made that marriage deal I would of asked for something else sorry lyds\" Beetlejuice tell her as he look at her \"so how old are you now if I can ask\" Beetlejuice as her \"I'm 16 now I'm also almost out of school and when I do I'm going to go to college for photos I'm really good at them and its ok I did make that deal with you\" Lydia tells him \" it's ok I mean I was the one who didn't ask you for your age and I'm the one who also did a lot of things the only thing I regret is I lost my ring that was the only thing I had from my other life before I died\" Beetlejuice tells Lydia \"what that ring was from your past it was on a dead girls finger, was she your wife\" Lydia ask him as she looks away to her dresser that is off the side of the vanity and see her jewelry box on top were the ring sits. \" no that was the finger that someone had placed my family ring on I was able to find it but before I could remove it someone came and so I just grabbed the finger and ran for it never found the time to take it off the finger I only said that because of the look you gave me when I pulled it out of my pocket\" Beetlejuice tells her as he smiles at her. \" well I forgive you for the whole trying to marry me, also thanks for helping me save the Maitland they are the first people to understand me and be there for me when I needed it\" Lydia tells him when she looks back at him. \" It's ok babes so I think it's getting late right I should let you get some beauty sleep you do still have school tomorrow now if you need anything all you have to do is call my name \" Beetlejuice tells Lydia as she starts to yawn \"ok BJ thanks for being here for me and for coming back I'll talk with you more tomorrow night BJ\" Lydia says as she yawns again \"ya night lyds have some nightmares for me\" Beetlejuice says as he smiles then pulls his juice back. PLEASE REVIEW AND LET ME KNOW WHAT YOU ALL THINK SORRY IF IT'S A LITTLE SHORT. AGAIN THANKS FOR READING XD[Chapter 15] Chapter 16 Disclaimer- I don't own Beetlejuice. \" Thinking\" / \"speaking\" The next morning Lydia woke up with a smile \"I can't believe that he's change and that he even apologized to me for what he almost put me through.\" Lydia says as she gets out of bed. She looks over at her mirror and sees that it looks normal for a mirror. Lydia leaves her room and goes down stairs to get her breakfast \"hello Delia how are you this morning what's for breakfast\" Lydia as her step mother \"oh Lydia dear I didn't hear you came down for breakfast I made this lovely meal\" Delia says as she points to some black thing in a pan on the stove top. \" you know what I'll just have cereal this morning\" Lydia tells her as she walks over to the cupboard and get out a box of cereal and a bowl then sat it all down on the counter and got out the milk and a spoon. She then after eating her bowl of cereal she looked at the clock and notice the time and it was close to school time. Lydia ran up to her room and started to pull out her school uniform and started to pull off her PJ when she stop and looked at her mirror \"don't stop on my account keep going\" Beetlejuice voice came from her mirror \"BEETELJUICE\" Lydia yelled out as she pulled her PJ top back down \"what\" Beetlejuice says as he appears in her mirror with his trade mark smirk \"BJ that is not right that you were watching me get undress and did not speak up I know you were a perv but come on that is just wrong\" Lydia tells him as she narrow her eyes at him. \" ok ok I should of said something when I first notice you started to pull clothes out but come on I can't stop all my perv ways\" Beetlejuice tells Lydia \"its ok but next time tell me before I start so I can ether throw a blanket over the mirror or leave the room\" Lydia tells him \"ok lyds ill make sure that if I look in the mirror and see you start to get dress or undress I'll leave till your done ok\" Beetlejuice tells her \" That's all I ask for thank you BJ for understanding me so what are you going to be doing when I'm in school\" Lydia asks him as she gets back from getting dress in the bathroom. \"well I may go pull some pranks on my neighbors the monster and his pooch or I may go into town not sure right now why\" Beetlejuice as Lydia. \"The monster and his pooch and you have a down town\" Lydia ask him \"ya that's one of my neighbors and we have a dead down town\" Beetlejuice tells her. \"oh ok well that sound kind of weird but that's cool but right now I have to finish with getting ready for school\" Lydia tell him as she gets her book bag and gets her books and all the other stuff that she may need for the day at school. \" Ok lyds ill check back in with you if you need anything from me during the day you know what to do\" Beetlejuice tells Lydia as he disappears from her mirror. At school a week later Lydia ran into her friends Bertha and Prudence \"Lydia\" both Bertha and Prudence call out when they both see Lydia \"Hi girls how are you doing can you believe were almost done with school\" Lydia ask them as they all walk up to their lockers. \"Yes Lydia I can't wait for school to be over\" Bertha tells Lydia as she looks in her locker for a book \"I'm also looking forward to school being over\" Prudence says as she pull out a book from her locker and places in her bag. As the three girls start to make their way to their class room they all come around a corner and they all bump into a girl with platinum blond hair Lydia falls down \"if it's not like Lydia like watch were you're going like you freak\" Claire Brewster says as she looks down on Lydia. Lydia just pulls herself up and picks up the books that she did drop \"Claire can you move you're in the way and we're going to be late for Mrs. Pea-bottoms class \" Lydia told Claire \"like whatever\" Claire said as she moved on with her group. Lydia and her friends went to their first class with Mrs. Pea-bottom as the girls toke there sets and got out their books. \" class today were not going to be working on anything in our books were going to be putting on a play from 'Romeo and Juliet' were going to have audition for parts in the play and in a month well put it on so for now here are the play books and will have you guys get into groups to read over the play\" Mrs. Pea-bottom told her class as she handed out the play book \" Lydia you need to try for Juliet you know you will be able to play her\" bertha told Lydia as they got their books \"ya Lydia you should try out for Juliet\" prudence also told Lydia \"I'm not sure I'll try out for the part but if I don't get it that's ok there is lots of parts in the play we can try for\" Lydia tells the girls as they go through the play \" well I know I'll get the part for Juliet and like it will be the best play with me in it\" says Claire as she walks by their table. After school Lydia gets home and walks in \"hello is any one home\" Lydia calls out \"Lydia your home how was school\" she hears from the living room Adams voice call out. When Lydia hears him she runs into the living room and sees that both Adam and Barbara are back from their talk with Juno. \"Hi guys your back from Juno's is everything good\" Lydia ask them as Barbara gets done hugging her \"ya everything good we were just checking in with her and she said everything is going great and with the pack that we made with your dad and Delia it's good\" Barbara tells Lydia \" well today in school we got a play to try out for and I'm going to try for Juliet but I'm good with whatever I get but I have to study the parts and in a week I'll get to audition for it and will be doing the play in a month time\" Lydia tells them as she shows the book that Mrs. Pea-bottom gave her \" That great Lydia and if you need any help let us know\" Barbara tells Lydia as she make her way to the attic. Lydia goes up to her room and sets down on her bed with the play. \"hey lyds what are you reading there\" Beetlejuice calls out from her mirror \"hey BJ it's a play I have to read through then in a week I have to try out for some parts but otherwise it's been a day\" Lydia tells him as she sets up from her bed. When Lydia looks over at her mirror she can see Beetlejuice in her mirror. \"So what's the name of the play you guys are you doing\" Beetlejuice ask her \"its Romeo and Juliet\" Lydia tells him as Lydia move over to the mirror \"oh Romeo and Juliet I remember when old Shakespeare wrote that play 'O serpent heart hid with a flowering face! Did ever a dragon keep so fair a cave?' that was a great play\" Beetlejuice tells Lydia \"ya so I need to read over the play and when the week is up go for an audition and see what part I may get do you think you can help me out with the play\" Lydia ask him \" Well I may but I don't have a copy over here there is a way for me to help but there is one thing I'm over here and you are over there so…\" Beetlejuice looks down at his fingers \"oh that's true so if I call you over here will you behave and not do anything unless I ask I don't want to get in trouble with Juno\" Lydia ask him. \"Ya Ill behave it's been a long time so what do you say it I'll behave cross my heart and hope a sandworm eats me\" Beetlejuice says as he crosses his heart \" ok here goes….BEETLEJUICE, BEETELJUICE, BEETLEJUICE\" Lydia calls out \"it's show time\" Beetlejuice says as Lydia mirror starts to ripple and the next thing Lydia knows he's standing beside her \"hi lyds\" Beetlejuice says as he floats in front of her. PLEASE REVIEW AND LET ME KNOW WHAT YOU THINK ILL TRY TO MAKE UPDEATS EVERY WEEK END I WORK MOST OF THE TIME AND HAVE A FOUR YEAR OLD AT HOME SO IM SORRY IF I DON'T GET TO THEM RIGHT AWAY SORRY INAVANST BUT AGAING PLEASE[Chapter 16] Chapter 17 Disclaimer- I don't own Beetlejuice. \" Thinking\" / \"speaking\" \" So you ready to practices for the play\" Beetlejuice ask Lydia as he pulls his copy of the play out of one of his pockets. \"Ya let's get this going I'm going to try different parts of the play that way I'm not just trying for one part\" Lydia tells him as she sits down on her bed and opens her book. \"If I profane with my unworthiest hand This holy shrine, the gentle fine is this: My lips, two blushing pilgrims, ready stand To smooth that rough touch with a tender kiss\" Beetlejuice reads one of the lines from the play \"Good pilgrim, you do wrong your hand too much, Which mannerly devotion shows in this; For saints have hands that pilgrims' hands do touch, And palm to palm is holy palmers' kiss.\" Lydia reads one line from the play \" ok so there is one line from Juliet and Romeo so let's try another one \" Lydia tells Beetlejuice \"ok so what part are we going to try next\" Beetlejuice ask Lydia as they look down at their books . \"but for this next part you may have to do something you may not like\" Lydia tells Beetlejuice as she looks up at him \"what's the next part and what do I need to do that I may not like, what is it do I need to change into a girl\" Beetlejuice askes her as he looks up from his book. Lydia looked at him with a small smile on her face. \"What…. really I have to be a girl\" Beetlejuice says when he looks at Lydia \"ya I'm going to try the servant part\" Lydia tells him \"ok\" Beetlejuice says as he juice himself into a girl \"what… ok that's creepy\" Lydia tells Beetlejuice when he reappeared as a girl. He now looks like a 16 year old girl but still having his strips on his skirt and on his shirt his hair still was the same wild mess and he still has the blackness around his eyes and his teeth were the same. \"Ok what do you call this look\" Lydia ask him \"well this look you can call my Betty juice what do you think\" female Beetlejuice said in a higher pitched voice. \"ok that is just creepy but it will work\" Lydia tells him as she tries to hold a laugh in. This kept up for over a week and over the weekend till Sunday night when lydia and Beetlejuice did one more read through of the parts that lydia would try out for on Monday after school. \"Now, good sweet nurse,-O Lord, why look'st thou sad? Though news be sad, yet tell them merrily; If good, thou shamest the music of sweet news By playing it to me with so sour a face.\" Betty juice says \"I am a-weary, give me leave awhile: Fie, how my bones ache! what a jaunt have I had!\" Lydia says back \"I would thou hadst my bones, and I thy news: Nay, come, I pray thee, speak; good, good nurse, speak.\" Betty says right after Lydia says her lines. They go through the book on and off till late at night. Beetlejuice stops and looks up and see that Lydia is yawning after each line they read out \"ok lyds let's put this on hold till tomorrow you need to get to bed its midnight and you also have school tomorrow now I'm going to have you say my name again and I'll talk to you later k\" Beetlejuice says as he changes back into himself and see that Lydia is fighting falling asleep. \"ok BJ thanks for helping me out and thank you for behaving yourself so I'll talk to you tomorrow so BEETELJUICE…. BEET…. BEETELJUICE…BEETELJUICE\" Lydia say between yawns and next thing she knows he's back in her mirror \"night lyds\" Beetlejuice tells her from his side of the mirror \"night BJ and again thanks\" Lydia tells him as she climbs under her covers. A week went by and her and Beetlejuice read over the play all nights till the day of the auditions \"ok BJ so today is the day we audition for the play is there any way you could be there with me\" Lydia ask Beetlejuice the day of her auditions \"well I may be able to juice myself into something say my name once and I can came over without being there all the way I'll be more of a ghost then what I normal is\" Beetlejuice told her as he watched her from the mirror. \" Ok BJ …Beetlejuice\" Lydia called out. He came out from the mirror and floated down to her he was transparent but she was able to see him \"ok so that's new ok do you have a neckless ill juice myself into that and I'll be right beside you till you call my name the lucky number\" Beetlejuice tell Lydia. Lydia hold up one of her neckless that was black next thing she knows Beetlejuice had snapped his fingers and her neckless was now black and white. \"Deadly vu that so cool BJ\" Lydia tells him as she hold up the neckless \"ya it's one of the things I can do with my juice\" Beetlejuice voices says from her neckless. \"Deadly vu\" Lydia tells him as she places the neckless on. When Lydia gets to school she sees her friend bertha and prudence \"Lydia are you ready for the audition later after school\" Bertha ask her as they stop at their lockers. \" I think so I did some reading all week and over the weekend but even if I don't get any parts there is other things I can do like making costumes for the play\" Lydia tells her friends \"ok Lydia that's so great\" prudence's tells Lydia as they walk into their first class for the day. \" I hope Beetlejuice behaves as doesn't do anything I know that he is here with me but I can never take my eyes off of him for a minute\" Lydia thinks as the school day goes on and so far she has not heard from him. After lunch Lydia goes into the girl's bathroom the one that most people won't go into because it's dark and dap smelling. \"BJ are you still with me here\" Lydia asks as she comes up to a mirror \"ya lyds sorry I dosed off have I missed the play yet\" Beetlejuice voice asked from the neckless. \"No its only lunch time I just wanted to check up on you because you have been well behaving yourself today and it was strange for you\" Lydia tells him as she looks at the neckless \"ya I just decided to take a nap there was nothing good going on so\" Beetlejuice voice tells Lydia with a yawn \"ok well I have to get back to class the auditions are not tell after school are you going to be ok with being in my neckless\" Lydia says to Beetlejuice \"I think so I mean I may move to different things that are near you but I promised you I would behave and I will stick to it\" Beetlejuice tells Lydia \"ok bj\" Lydia says back as she leave the bathroom and goes to her next class. At the end of school all the students that were going to try out for the play were in the school auditorium. PLEASE REVIEW AND LET ME KNOW WHAT YOU ALL THINK SORRY IF ITS SHORT AND SORRY IF I HAVE NOT UPDATED LATELY I HAVE BEEN VERY BUSY WITH WORK AND WITH MY HOME LIFE. BUT ILL TRY TO GET MORE OUT AS SOON AS I CAN. THANKS XD[Chapter 17] Chapter Disclaimer- I don't own Beetlejuice. \" Thinking\" / \"speaking\" The students that were audition for the play were there waiting for their turn up on stage with their play books. \" Lydia are you here if so come up to the stage and let us know what parts you are going to read from\" Mr. Kane called out as he looked down at a clipboard that he was holding that had names of those that were going to audition for the play. Lydia walk up to the stage and come out onto the stage with her play book. one of the boys from the all-boys school down the street was also trying out for the play he was reading lines with the girls that were trying out for the women in the play. Lydia looks down and her play as the boy got ready to read from a part in the play \" She speaks: O, speak again, bright angel! for thou art As glorious to this night, being o'er my head As is a winged messenger of heaven Unto the white-upturned wondering eyes Of mortals that fall back to gaze on him When he bestrides the lazy-pacing clouds And sails upon the bosom of the air.\" The boy read out \"O Romeo, Romeo! Wherefore art thou Romeo? Deny thy father and refuse thy name; Or, if thou wilt not, be but sworn my spider \" Lydia looks down as she her spiders crawling across the stage. The boy freaks out and starts to run away from the spider. Lydia is standing there with the spiders climbing up her. \"I wonder were my spiders come from\" Lydia thinks as she looks around. She sees Claire standing on the side of the stage with a box sitting right beside her. \"That Claire\" Lydia says under her breath \"that it's someone clean up those spiders\" Mr. Kane says as he walks out of the auditorium. Lydia tries to talk to Mr. Kane about what happened \" Mr. Kane please hold on\" Lydia calls out \"I'm sorry miss Lydia but you are not what I'm looking for in my Juliet I'm sorry\" Mr. Kane tells Lydia. Claire run's up to Mr. Kane and tells him that she would love to be his Juliet. Later that night as Lydia is in her room she looks at her bed were Beetlejuice is floating above her bed \"well so I'm not going to be in the play but I'm going to make the costumes\" Lydia tells Beetlejuice \" ya well that great babes but it was funny when all the spiders ran across the stage\" he laughs has he floats over to her with his legs crossed with his arms behind his head. ~time jump~ As a couple of weeks go by Lydia has been working on the costumes for the play and she was right at the point of being done with Claire's costume \"well that the last of them\" Lydia tells Beetlejuice who at this time is back in his world for the time he got onto Lydia nerves over the weekend, so she sent him back till she was done with the costumes. \" babes call me I want to see what you have and when is the play again\" Beetlejuice calls out from her mirror. \"oh, Beetlejuice I forgot that you were back in your world I just got done with the last costume and the play is this Friday if I call you out are you going to behave\" Lydia tells him as she hangs the costume with the rest of them till she drops them off Friday night. \" ya I promise that if you call I'll be good\" Beetlejuice tells Lydia as he looks at her from her mirror \" ok Beetlejuice, Beetlejuice, Beetlejuice I'm holding you to that and if you mess up ill say it\" Lydia tells him. \" its show time \" he calls out as he fazes through her mirror. When he came out right away he floats above her bed with his arms again under his head \"so these are the costumes \" he says as she floats over to the rake of costumes that Lydia got done. \"ya I just got done and thanks for understanding that I had to send you back right \" Lydia tells him as he's looking at them upside down, \"ya, ya I know I was not behaving but can you fault me for it\" Beetlejuice tells her. The day It's now Friday and Lydia was looking over what she had made and as she was looking Beetlejuice was laying on her bed \" so when do we go to the play lyds\" Beetlejuice ask Lydia \"well this is a big thing I'm sorry that I'm going to have to do this \" Lydia tells him as she looks back at him \" what are you going to do that your saying sorry for\" he askes her as he looks at her \" no you promise that you would let me out tonight you cant go back on your words\" Beetlejuice tells Lydia \"I'm really sorry about this but Beetlejuice I have to send you home tonight this is a big thing for me and my school so Beetlejuice I really sorry but I have to ill call you back once it's over Beetlejuice\" Lydia says as she looks at he. Next thing Beetlejuice knows is he back at the road side his house standing at his mirror that looks in to Lydia room \"well fuck that bitch but I guess that's what I get for behaving\" Beetlejuice says as he watches the mirror as it changes to so him were Lydia is at he see that she's at the stage and is dropping off the costumes \"lyds let me out I promise I'm not going to do anything I'm so board here but I won't do anything\" Beetlejuice tells Lydia \" no Beetlejuice I'm not going to let you out ill let you out after ok\" Lydia tells him not know that someone over heard her saying his name. After Lydia walks away Claire opens her door and looks out \"Beetlejuice that a weird name like who is Beetlejuice some freak that Lydia knows and like who is Beetlejuice any way\" Claire's says not relishing that she just said Beetlejuice name three times and that she just let him out. \"its show time\" Beetlejuice calls out as he appears in front of Claire. She starts to freak out, but Beetlejuice waves his hand and she can't talk or make a sound \" so your Claire who pick on Lydia and I see your not wearing the costume that she made but you know what I can help with that\" Beetlejuice says as he waves his hand and Claire's costume changes to what Lydia had made and then he possession her body to make her a laughing stock. When its Claire's turn to come out Beetlejuice who is Claire starts to make her mess up and he makes her fly around the stage and as he does this people start to laugh thinking its all part of the play, but Mr. Kane does not think it's all fun. SORRY THAT THIS IS SHORT AND THAT I HAVE NOT UPDATED IN A LONG TIME THERE HAS BEEN LOTS GOING ON AT MY WORK AND EVEN AT HOME. BUT IM GOING TO TRY TO MAKE MORE CHAPTERS AND LIKE ALWAYS PLEASE REVIEW AND LET ME KNOW WHAT YOU THINK.[Chapter 18] Chapter 19 Thanks to lonewarrior2 for the review. I'm sorry if any of the readers have had a hard time understanding some words just a little blurb about me I have a learning disablist that makes spelling hard for me and sometimes I mix up word I'm going to try in later chapters to not mess up but it's something that I've lived with all my life and yes English is my only language but again sorry if any of you have trouble reading my story but I'm going to go not sure how many chapters but I'm a big fan of both Beetlejuice both the movie and the cartoon. Disclaimer- I don't own Beetlejuice. \" Thinking\" / \"speaking/ more than one talking \" ((recap- When its Claire's turn to come out Beetlejuice who is Claire starts to make her mess up and he makes her fly around the stage and as he does this people start to laugh thinking it's all part of the play, but Mr. Kane does not think it's all fun.)) At the end of the play all the audients that were there for the play were laughing because they all thought that it was a fun take on Romeo and Juliet. Mr. Kane though was not happy with how the play was done. \" This is an outrage, you all made this play a laughing joke, were going to get a bad review and I'm going to shut down the drama club forever\" Mr. Kane tells all the students the next morning after the play. At that moment Miss. Shannon comes running down the hill to the drama club with a newspaper in her hand. \"Hold on Mr. Kane you need to hear this first before you start closing down clubs\" Miss. Shannon tells Mr. Kane. \" Last night at Miss Shannon's school for girls with the all-boys school next door put on a play of Romeo and Juliet that was a smash. It was a very upbeat and funny take on the classic Romeo and Juliet play\" Miss. Shannon read aloud from the newspaper. \" ok I'm not going to get rid of the drama club you all did very well but I think next time we will go by how the play needed to be.\" Mr. Kane tells them. \"Mr. Kane I want you to do the play the same way for the rest of the week\" Miss. Shannon tells him \" Well you can find yourself other jilla\" Claire says \"ITS JULIET \" everyone yells at her. Lydia is holding a play book for Romeo and Juliet, she opens it up and there is a picture of Shakespeare that Beetlejuice has juiced himself into \" well the play was a hit Beetlejuice\" Lydia tells him \"you said the magic b word say it again come on, come on\" Beetlejuice tells her. \"Time skip-it's now October\" That morning Lydia wakes up to her count Dracula clock going off. Lydia climbs out of bed and makes her way over to her vanity. Once she was in front of her mirror her image in the mirror changed to a very skinning version of herself. Lydia laughed as she saw her image then her image changed to a three eye ghoul. \"Beetlejuice\" Lydia called out as she laughs even harder. The image changes over to Beetlejuice \" what gave it away\" he asked her. \" The bugs behind your eyes gave you away\" Lydia tells him \" well this week is going to be great it's the one time of year that you will be able to come over and be yourself and no one will know that you're really a ghost\" Lydia tells him as she gets ready for school \"that right I forgot all about Halloween\" BJ says back to her. \"Time skip-in front of the school\" When Lydia get to school Claire shows up \"like Lydia did you hear about my Halloween party\" Claire's asked Lydia \"no\" Lydia tells her \"oh that right I didn't invite you\" Claire says as she laughs \"well that ok I'm going to have my own Halloween party \" Lydia tells Claire. Later that night after school Lydia is in her room talking to Beetlejuice who is floating in her room. She lets slip that he was going to have a party. The day before the party Delia gets Lydia a costume something that Lydia would not pick out for herself it's a cute pink bunny costume \"what is that\" Lydia asked Delia \"it's your costume dear is it not cute\" Delia tells Lydia as she lays the costume down on Lydia's bed. Lydia tries on the costume to see how bad it looked \"oh what was she thinking I'll be a laughing stock of the school if I wear this\" Lydia tells BJ as she shows him the costume. Beetlejuice starts laughing once he sees Lydia in the suit \"lyd's what…what...is…that\" Beetlejuice ask Lydia in-between laughing \"ok stop laughing I have to come up with a plan for this party\" Lydia tells Beetlejuice after she takes off the costume. That night as Lydia is getting ready for bed she starts getting down as she thinks about everything she has to do for the Halloween party. Beetlejuice gets a great ideal to help Lydia out he puffs out front of the house and he becomes Mr. Beetelman. Delia opens the door and spots Beetlejuice as Mr. beetelman standing there \"oh Mr. beetelman what can I help you with\" Delia asked him \"will I'm here to help you, here's my card\" Beetlejuice tells Delia as he hand her a card \"oh you do catering also\" Delia asked him \" yep I'm one of a kind jack of all tread, I'll bring the scary to your Halloween party\" Beetlejuice tells Delia \"ok Mr. beetelman that will help me out\" Delia tells him. Beetlejuice is able to get Delia to give him money to get supplies but he didn't tell her that they will be from the neitherworld. As Beetlejuice is shopping, he picks up a can with the table Party in a can just add water. \"This may come in handy later\" Beetlejuice says out loud as he picks up more supplies and the can. Two nights later it's time for Lydia's Halloween party, she notice during that time that Beetlejuice has only been around for a little bit. A Lydia walk down stairs to find him in her living room with a table full of Halloween supplies \" so this is what you were up to\" Lydia asks Beetlejuice when she walks into the room. \" Ya I figured I would help you out lyd's \" Beetlejuice tells her as he moves supplies all over the room \"ok BJ let's get everything set up\" Lydia tells him. \"Time skip - right before the party\" \" Lydia does your costume fit \" Delia asked her outside of her bedroom. \" You can come in \" Lydia called out as Delia came in Lydia jump out in her new costume it was a werewolf costume. \" what…what happened to your bunny costume\" Delia asked as she looked Lydia over \"it still the same one I just tweaked it\" Lydia tells Delia as she starts going down stairs to get her party ready. Beetlejuice walks in with a werewolf on a chain. \"B what have you done you can't bring in a monster what if someone finds out\" Lydia asked him when she sees what he brought in with him. As the party gets under way Claire shows up Lydia couldn't believe she even showed up. Beetlejuice turned himself into his other form Betty juice in a bug costume. \" It's show time \" Beetlejuice says right as he pushes Claire into the arms of the werewolf \"here Claire dance with this hansom werewolf\" Betty juice tells her. Beetlejuice and Lydia are standing on the side of the room watching Claire and the werewolf dance. \" b you're really bad I hope she doesn't figure out that his a real monster\" Lydia tells him \" na it will be really funny\" Beetlejuice says back \"you know what we need more people\" Beetlejuice says as he grabs the party in a can and drops it's in a bowl of juice water the can goes puff and lots of different monster shows up. Lydia cant believe Beetlejuice just did that she picks up the can and reads over the label and she notice the warning 'not to us on a full moon' Lydia shows Beetlejuice the can when he notice it the clouds part to reveal it's a full moon night. The entire monster from the can went on a rampage in town. They both read the label more and notice the way to put them back in is by drying them out. Lydia grabs her portable hair dryer, she and Beetlejuice run all over town drying out the monsters and putting them back into the can. \" Well we did get a night out on the town\" Lydia tells Beetlejuice as they stand on the front porch. \" What did you do with the can\" Lydia asked Beetlejuice \"I throw it in the toilet \" Beetlejuice tells her. They then both looked at each other as a boom comes from the house. \" Well here we go again \" Lydia says to Beetlejuice as they both ran back down into town. ~~~~~~~~~~~ Hi all sorry it's been a long time for an update I'm going to try to get some more chapters in but just to let you all know that is a lot going on at my work and at home so I'll try to get more chapters if I can. Thanks again for those who have added me and who's left a review.~~~~~~~~~ ","Summary":" Lydia and Beetlejuice story (movie and cartoon mix) tells how they became friends and something mor"},{"Movie":"Beetlejuice","Title":"how we become","Author":"yunaff30","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13191557","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Lydia and Beetlejuice story (movie and cartoon mix) tells how they became friends and something more. I don't own Beetlejuice. \" Thinking\" / \"speaking\" Chapter 1 I walked into my apartment from a long day at college. I placed my keys in my bat bowl that sit right beside the door. I then walk into my living room on my way to my bedroom. I love the floor plan of my apartment I even have a guest room for when someone wants to come over. The door to that room was closed so I know my roommate was not home at that time. I entered the hall way for me bedroom and looked at all the pictures that I have ether gotten or have token myself. There is one of my dad and Delia in New York, there is one of my dead-god parents Adam and Barbara. A picture of when I graduated with my two friend's bertha and prudence's. Then there is the picture I have of my best friend and roommate Beetlejuice. I smile as I'm looking at all the pictures it takes me back to when I first meet them all including him. ((Flashback)) it all started back when my dad bought the Maitland house. My dad needed a break from the big city. In the car \" why would dad buy a house out in nowhere land called Connecticut? I know dad needed the break but really\" Lydia thought as they were driving up to the house. When they pulled up to the house Jane the real estate lady was waiting for them. Dad and Delia got out of the car and started to talk to Jane about the house. I climbed out of the car with my camera around my neck I started to take pictures of the house. When I notice that the window to the attic curtain moved back into place it almost looked like someone was watching us. At this time Otho showed up. He and Delia had plans for the house. They were already down stairs spraying the walls and talking about what they were going to change. I climbed the stairs and not paying Delia any mind. At the top of the stairs I came upon was just right for me. It was not too big but big enough for my things the closet would hold all my clothes there was room for my mother vanity and also room for my four post bed.[Chapter 2] Chapter 2 The movers started to bring in my boxes. Delia and Otho were making their way up to the bedrooms. \" This is going to be my room, don't touch it\" Lydia told both Delia and Otho. \" Are you sure don't you think it needs something to bring some life into the room\" Delia said to me \" No I like it the way it is right now\" Lydia told her \" Delia just let it go when she moves out you can change it then right, for now let's think about the rest of the house\" Otho told Delia then they walked off, I closed my door, \" I can't stand that lady\" Lydia thought. I started to unpack my boxes. Placing the clothes in the closet and placing my picture of my mother and myself on my vanity mirror. I also placed my jeweler box on the right side of my vanity. Three weeks later, I started to get used to being in the country. One night I heard loud moaning coming from Delia room. \"I couldn't believe her really at this time of night.\" Lydia thought before she started to bang on the wall \"really Delia some of us are kids and trying to sleep here\" Lydia yells at her through the wall. The moaning stopped but then started up louder than before. Then I heard what sounded like voices coming from the hall. They didn't sound like ether my dad or Delia so I walked out of my room with my camera in my hands. That when I saw to people covered with bed sheets with eye holes cut out. I started to take pictures of the two as I made my way back to my bed room. When I got to my door I bent down and pick up one of the pictures it showed the two people but they didn't have feet. \" Are you guys ghost, are you gross under there, are you the walking dead \" Lydia ask the two sheets. The lady and male pulled their sheets off \" the walking dead \" the lady ghost asked \" You can see us, how is that no living person can see us \" said the male ghost. \" Well I did read that book handbook for the recently deceased and it said that the strange and unusual can see and my self is strange and unusual myself\" Lydia tells the two ghosts.[Chapter 3] Chapter 3 This is when I first meet Adam and Barbara. They were the house owner before my dad bought it. After a month living in the house dad and Delia decided to have a party with some of the people Delia knows and Otho. At the table I told Delia I know some ghost but Delia didn't want to hear anything that was not about herself. As the dinner got under way, they all started to sing when they were all done they went out into the living room laughing about what just happened. After Delia friends left because the ghost didn't want to come down. Dad, Delia, Otho and myself went up to the attic, as Delia is yelling at the ghost to open up the attic door opened by its self. We all walked in and that is when dad saw the town model that Adam had made. After we leave the attic were on the landing when Delia places her hand on to the railing when she pulled away. The railing had turned itself into a snake with a weird looking human head. The snake right off the bat, trip Otho, he went down the stairs head over heels. Then the snake turned and wrapped its tail around my father's leg then lifted him up into the air. \" We come for you daughter chuck\" said the snake to my father, who then dropped my dad over the railing. I hide my face from the snake that was coming up to me. I didn't hear what Barbara said but whatever it was the snake was not happy by it as the snake yelled out \"OH NO \" and then disappeared. I was so upset with her that I told her to stay away from me as I ran into my bedroom. The next day as I sat at my vanity I started to write a suicide note. I started by writing \"I'm alone\" but it didn't feel right so I started over again \"I'm utterly alone when you read this I will have plummet to my death off of the winter bridge\" I left my room and made my way up to the attic. \" Hello is anyone here, Barbara, Adam\" Lydia called out. That is when I heard his voice for the first time. \" Dead, dead, deadski\" his voice called out.When I moved over to the town model, that's when I saw him for the first time. He was sitting in a chair on a balcony on a house that didn't match any of the other houses.[Chapter 4] Chapter 4 He had what looked like cucumbers on his eyes \"of course they're dead they are ghost\" Lydia told him. \"No I mean they're gone, split out of here as in the afterlife kid, as deceased-ahh\" he told Lydia . \"Are you a ghost to\" Lydia asked him. He sat up and removed the cucumber from his eyes \"I'm the ghost with the most, babe\" he leered at Lydia \"You look like someone I can relate to. Maybe you could help me get out of here, you know because I got to tell you this death thing… it's too creepy. You see here's my problem I got these friends I said I would meet on the outside and its one of those things were I have to be there in person, so do you think you can help me get out of here\" he asked Lydia. I looked away and told him \"I wont to get in\" \"why? You know hey you have your own reasons. I can't do anything from here if you could get me out then we can talk or something\" he asked \"what do I have to do \" Lydia ask \"for me to do anything all you have to do is say my name three times and we can talk more\" he tells Lydia \" So what's your name then\" Lydia asked him \"well here the thing I can't tell you\" he says to Lydia \"why not\" Lydia ask him \"see if I tell you, you'll tell your friends then they will be calling me up on the horn all the time, I gotten show up a t shopping center for openings and sign autographs and shit like that and it makes my life hell ok? A living hell\" he tells Lydia. \" So if you can't tell me \" Lydia tells him \"if you have a pen or something…. Hold on you knows how to play charades' right\" he asks Lydia \"I guess \" Lydia says \"ok here we go \" he says. He holds up two fingers \" two words\" Lydia says \"good\" he says then hold up one finger \"first word\" Lydia says he then starts to move his head back like he was trying to tell Lydia. Lydia didn't know what he was trying to do \"just look behind you\" he yells at Lydia. When Lydia looks behind her there sitting in a chair is a giant beetle \" B-Beetle\" Lydia gasps \" Yes, now part two…\" he says.[Chapter 5] Chapter 5 Now floating in front of Lydia was a glass and a carton of juice. So Lydia starts to guess \"beetle… breakfast…beetle….orange….beetle…..liquid….beetle….juice.\" \"Yes! You said it\" Beetlejuice yells in glee \"so you're names Beetlejuice\" Lydia ask him \"you said it twice, come on say it one more time.\" Beetlejuice tell Lydia Lydia stops and thinks back to something that had happened \"it was you\" Lydia ask him \"me\" Beetlejuice looks surprise \"ya that snake that almost hurt my father\" Lydia tell Beetlejuice \"no what snake? You kids and you imaginations…..look just say it\" Beetlejuice said to Lydia \" I'm not sure… I think I should talk to Barbara first\" Lydia tells Beetlejuice. Beetlejuice is still trying to get her to say his name \"no, you don't need to talk to Barbara, JUST SAY IT!\" Beetlejuice yells at her Lydia really didn't know if she but what could be the harm \"beetle….\" Lydia starts to say when behind her Barbara calls out to her \"Lydia \" when Lydia turned around Barbara didn't look like her normal self her mouth was opened as far as it could go and her eye balls were resting on her tongue. Lydia backed away and bumps into Adam when Lydia turns to look at him he was also not looking like himself. When Lydia turned back around Barbara was back to normal. \" He told me if I could let him out, he would take me to the other side to find you\" Lydia tells Barbara. \"Lydia... no we're dead\" Barbara says to Lydia. \"Lydia being dead really doesn't make things easy\" Barbara tells her . \"Listen to her Lydia this is something we know about\" Adam says as he come up to Barbara as he turns around his noise was still long. Lydia laughs at how funny he looked. We then hear the door to the attic open and we all hide. We see my dad and Otho walking up to the town model of Adams. They then start to take the model apart. \"What are they doing\" Adam asks \"I'm not sure, I'll go find out\" Lydia tells him[Chapter 6] Chapter 6 As Lydia is starting to walk down stairs she hears her father talking with some people as she gets closer she can hear what sound like him tilling his boss maxim about the town and how some of the building have paranormal things and that people will come all over. As Lydia came down the stairs her father spotted her. \"Pumpkin \" Charles calls out to Lydia when she got close to him Charles pulled Lydia into his side. \"Well where are they\" Delia asked Lydia \" Gone you guys most of scared them away but they did say that if we could we can all live together here in the house\" Lydia tell them all. \" What do you mean there gone, don't worries we are not relining on her we have Otho\" Delia says \"so Otho are they still here\" Delia asked Otho \"Yes they are still here just hiding\" Otho tell them. \" Otho can you do it, can you make it were we can see them\" Charles ask Otho. \" It will be tricky but I think I have it\" Otho tells Charles as he told up the book handbook for the recently deceased. \"No you can't\" Lydia yells at Otho but then she stops and thinks \"never mind you can't even change a tire.\" Lydia tells Otho \" I'll need something of theirs\" Otho says to the group. \"Hold on\" Delia says before she walks away, when she come back and has a wedding dress and a tuxedo. They then placed the dress and tuxedo onto the table top. Otho then lights a red candle and starts to read from the book. As Otho read lighting started to flash in the back ground, there was a green light that started to come from the dress. The dress started to move into a body shape, hands starts to come down the sleeves and a head popped out. It was Barbara \"what are you doing\" Lydia yells at Otho. Barbara looks over and Lydia and they both held out their hand but they can't touch. As Otho keeps reading Barbara skin starts to pull in so you can see bones it looks like she's ether drying up or rotting away. Otho keeps on ready from the handbook and now the tuxedo is in the same place as the dress. Now its Adams turn to appear before them. Both Adam and Barbara look at each other you can see the love in their eyes. Adam goes to hold Barbara hand but it start's to fall apart. \"Stop it your killing them\" Lydia yells at Otho \" Otho can you stop this\" Charles ask Otho. Otho starts to look scared \"no now that it's started I can't stop it\" Otho says as he starts to flip through the book. Please review and let me know what you all think about the story. Ill try to make the story longer so that it's not so short. And just so everyone knows I don't own Beetlejuice I just love both the cartoon and they movie ~~~~~~[Chapter 7] Chapter 7 Disclaimer I don't own Beetlejuice. \" Thinking\" / \"speaking\" Lydia was scared that she was going to lose two great people who were there for her. Lydia ran over to the town model. She started looking around the model for Beetlejuice. She found him sitting on some tome stones. He was wearing a white and black suit. \" Help them \" Lydia asked him \" well you know what you have to say but there is one little thing you have to do before I help you out \" Beetlejuice told Lydia as he was cleaning his red tipped figures. \" What do you need me to do before you will help them out\" Lydia asked Beetlejuice as she looked back over at Barbara and Adam. Beetlejuice looked down and his red tipped figures and was cleaning the dirt and gram out from underneath his nails . \"Well I only need to get hitched so I can stay out for real, these aren't my rules come to think about it I don't have any rules \" he lard at Lydia. \"So, if I let you out all I have to do is marry you and you will help them\" Lydia asked him \"Yep\" Beetlejuice replied. Lydia had to stop and think about this. She was only 15 at the time but when she looked at what was happening to Barbara and Adam, she know she couldn't live without them in her life. \"Ok…Beetlejuice….Beetlejuice….. Beetlejuice\" Lydia called softly to him. Beetlejuice look up at her after she said his name \"its show time\" Beetlejuice called out. As Lydia backed away from the model it began to shake and a green glow was coming from the middle of the model. Rising up from the middle of the model it looked like his arms become all long and he had them rolled up and his head looking like he had a merry-go round as a hat. His arm then rose up and a light spot comes onto maxim and his wife who started to laugh thinking that it was a big joke as their standing there two test your strength game area come out under and behind them. When Beetlejuice brought his arms down both of them shot up and right out of the house. Otho tried to run away but Beetlejuice run up to him and then after he changed Otho outfit. Otho screamed like a little girl and run out of the house. Lydia ran over to her father and Delia. Beetlejuice then came up to them and wrapped his arm around all of them. \" Mom, Dad I just want you two to your welcome at our house anytime you want to come over. In the meantime the dowers on me\" Beetlejuice told Charles and Delia as he places a hand full of snakes into Charles hand. When Beetlejuice turns around and walk away from the group his black and white suit has change into a red suit with a puffy under shirt. He then holds his arm out to Lydia and when she looks down she is in a red hideous ball gown. She was then pulled over to Beetlejuice side by a unseen force. Barbara and Adam try to help. Adam tries to say Beetlejuice's name but Beetlejuice used some juice to make Adam jaw fall off. Beetlejuice then starts to count off his fingers things he may be for getting he looks back over to Charles and Delia \"would you \" he then juice Delia sculptures they come to life and walks over to them. \" One holds Delia I kind of have to hold a laugh in.\" Lydia thinks. The other one goes over to Charles and make him sit down. Beetlejuice looks over at the fire place and the fire place starts to change it shape. There's a green glow that then starts coming from the fire place and you start to see a shadow of someone coming up to the opening. Beetlejuice pulls Lydia in front of the dead preacher who is going to be doing their wedding. The preacher starts off the wedding \" do you beetle…\" the preacher starts to say and Beetlejuice stops him before he says his name. \"Do you take this woman to be your wedded wife\"?\" preacher asks Beetlejuice. Beetlejuice leave Lydia side for a minute and starts to mumble under his breath. \"Oh geez, I don't know I mean, it's kind of a big decision? I mean I always said if I ever did it I was going to do it once and that was it \" Beetlejuice then comes back over to Lydia side. \" Sure go ahead \" Beetlejuice tells the preacher. The preacher then turns to Lydia \"do you Lydia take this man…. ?\" Lydia yells out \"no …. Bee…..\" and starts to say Beetlejuice name when he stops her by placing his hand over her mouth. \"She a little bit nervous maybe I should answer for her ok?\" Beetlejuice tells the preacher. He keeps his hand over Lydia's mouth and starts talking with Lydia voice. \"I'm Lydia deetz and I'm of sound mind this man next to me is the one I want. You ask me I'm answering yes I love that man of mine.\" Lydia couldn't believe what she was hearing Beetlejuice can sound just like her.[Chapter 8] Chapter 8 Disclaimer- I don't own Beetlejuice. \" Thinking\" / \"speaking\" He then removes his hand from Lydia's mouth after he had told the preacher in her voice. He then tries to get the preacher to go faster. \"Beetle…\" Adam gets out when Beetlejuice juices Adams teeth to fall out. (Adams teeth look like then joke teeth you could get in the old times) Adam somehow relies that he can still call out. At this time Adams teeth are jumping around and biting Beetlejuice in the feet making him dance away from Lydia and the preacher. Beetlejuice runs back over to Lydia's side and in front of the preacher. Adam now has his teeth back in there right place and he try again to save Lydia. He runs up to them but again Beetlejuice stops him this time he uses some of his juice to make Adam disappear. \"Beetlejuice\" Barbara calls out. This makes him squeal because Barbara was able to say his name without him stopping her. Beetlejuice then juices her lips so the look like a zipper is on her face but this doesn't stop Barbara she just unzips her lips and call out again \"Beetlejuice\". Beetlejuice pulls his arm back and then making like he's throwing something and next thing we know Barbara has a metal plate over her lips she can't get it off to call out his name for the third time\" Beetlejuice then turns back to the preacher who then asks for the rings. Beetlejuice starts to dig through his pockets and starts to pull random stuff out of them. He then turns and makes Barbara disappear. Then out of one of his inside pockets he pulls a figure that has a ring on it. \"I can't believe this guy\" Lydia thinking as all this junk is falling then when she sees the figure with the ring on it. \" I'm telling you honey, she meant noting to me. Nothing at all\" Beetlejuice tell Lydia as he pulls the ring off of the figure. As Beetlejuice is trying to place the ring onto Lydia hand so they can get the wedding over. A small red car comes flying off the town model and run right into Beetlejuice foot and catches his foot on fire. \"How does a fake car even do that\" Beetlejuice is thinking as he's jumping around trying to put out his foot. The preacher is still going on with the wedding with all this going on. \"I now pronounce you, man and….\" The preacher starts to say when Barbara come smashing through the ceiling riding on the back of a weird looking worm that has two faces. The worm comes right down on top of were Beetlejuice is standing, the worm just keeps going and now there is a large hole where he was standing. I throw the bouquet into the hole that was left from the worm, with this Barbara and Adam hugged Charles and Delia can now see them. A couple days after we fixed the hole the worm made that is when I found ring that he tried to give me. A week went by and Lydia started school at MISS SHANNON\"S school for girls. \"I started to come out of my shell. I made some friends bertha and prudence's. The only person I wish was not here is Claire Brewster. She soooo stuck up with her fake tan.\" Lydia thought as she grabbed her bike. As Lydia pull up in front of her house and walks in she sees Adam still tinkering with his model. \"Here are some new pictures of the town and the paint you asked for\" Lydia told Adam as she handed over the pictures and paints. \"Thanks, so how did your test go\" Adam ask Lydia as he looks over his glasses. \"Well….\" Lydia shyly tells Adam \"what we study for that test all week\" Adam gasped. Lydia lets Adam know that for her science test they wanted her to take apart an animal so she got a c on that one . \"I got an A on the math test, so can I\" Lydia asks Adam. Both Adam and Barbara are able to move things with just looking at them but they still can't leave the house. The rocking chair and boxes start to tap out the music to shake shake senora \"which is one of my new song a love.\" Lydia thought as the music plays. ((End Flashback)) \" Now years later as I walk into my room, I remember what happened when I first meet him. I still remember when he first got back in touch with me\". Lydia thinks as she gets out of her collage outfit for the night.[Chapter 9] Chapter 9 Disclaimer- I don't own Beetlejuice. \" Thinking\" / \"speaking\" ((Flashback)) it was a year after Lydia had started school. Lydia was in her room doing her homework at her vanity when Lydia first saw the spider sitting under her vanity mirror. \"I wonder where you came from be careful if Delia see you, you may not last the week\" Lydia told the spider. When the spider stepped out into the light was when Lydia got her first look at it. The spider had what looked like black and white stripes on its body. \" That weird I've never saw a spider with your color before\" Lydia said to the spider. The spider paused in surprised before it walked away . \"Ok that's weird it almost look like that spider paused in surprise when I said that to it\" Lydia thought before she went to bed. The next day the spider was back. \"Hold on your not a normal spider are you\" Lydia ask it. The next thing Lydia knows was the spider disappeared. \"Weird\" Lydia thought. A week went by before Lydia saw the spider again. This time it was on the top of her vanity mirror just looking at her. \"Ok if I think I you are who I think don't think that I'm going to say it \" Lydia said to the stripped spider. This seemed to surprise the spider because it made the spider fall off from the mirror but it never hit the floor. Lydia kept seeing the spider all over her room but most of the time it sat on her vanity till one day. After a hard day at school after Clair had been picking on Lydia she never notice that her spider visitor wasn't there but in her mirror there was a mist starting to form. As soon as Lydia got over to her bed she though herself across it. \"I hate that Claire why does she do that I know I'm strange but come on\" Lydia said out loud to herself. As soon as the last word out of her mouth that is when she heard him for the first time. \"So babes what up with you\" his voice said. Lydia jumped up from her bed. She looked around but didn't see him. \"Ok where are you at you are not going to get me to say your name.\" Lydia told him. She then heard a knocking coming from her mirror \"what\" Lydia gasped as she ran over to her mirror. \"Hi ya babes\" his voice said coming from the mirror. \"How did you get back and why are you in my mirror\" Lydia yells at him. \"Well….you see lyds I'm not back I'm stuck in this fucking waiting room after I got out of that fucking sandworm your lovely fried brought over\" Beetlejuice's voice said from the mirror. \"So that's what it was called\" Lydia thought about what that worm was called. \"ya that's a fucking sandworm and I'm telling you right now it suck trying to get out of one of them when you get eaten\" Beetlejuice voice says from the mirror. \" So how are you contacting me, if you're in the waiting room whatever that is at\" Lydia asks Beetlejuice voice. \"It's the one place you go after you check out its how the higher ups can place you I hate fucking waiting around here.\" His voice tells Lydia \"so how are you able to contact me\" Lydia ask Beetlejuice . \"I know some loop holes if you notice that your mirror has am mist that's my juice your seeing right now, I found a mirror in one of my pockets and….\" Beetlejuice tells Lydia from the mirror. Lydia doesn't know how to take everything that he was telling her. \"well BJ I have to get to bed I have school tomorrow and just so you can't see out I'm going to place a sheet over the mirror for the night\" Lydia tells him and before he can say anything Lydia found a dark blanket and places it over her mirror. After that Lydia gets ready for bed. The next morning Lydia get ready for school she goes over to her mirror and removes the blanket she looks and see there is no mist in the mirror \"well BJ if your still here when I get home will talk some more\" Lydia tells her mirror after she then leaves to get to school.[Chapter 10] Chapter 10 Disclaimer- I don't own Beetlejuice. \" Thinking\" / \"speaking\" Beetlejuice was sitting in his dead living room looking at some picture of his best pal Lydia; he started to smile at some of the picture he has hanging on his dead wall, he started to remember everything that lead up to them becoming best friends. \"I hope Lyds gets home soon and call's me, I wonder how her class was I know she was stressing over that one class last night. Man it's almost been a whole day it still sucks that I can't get over there myself without someone calling me\" Beetlejuice says out loud ((Flashback)) he decided to do what he does best pull some pranks they don't call him the ghost with the most for nothing. He changed the railing into one of the pranks he loves the most a snake. He used his tail to push the fat man down the stairs he went heels over heels down them. Beetlejuice laughed as he did this. The he saw the father of the group trying to get into a room. Beetlejuice wrapped his tail around one of the father's legs and pulled him over in front of his face. \" We came for you daughter chucks \" Beetlejuice laughed in Charles face before dropping him over the side of the railing. \"I know that there was a couch down there so he should not get hurt too much.\" Thought Beetlejuice before looking over at the daughter before he started to go over the daughter turned away. That's when the Bitch Barbara called my name he hates when his fun gets cut short. Then the next day Beetlejuice meet Lydia without the two dead stiffs getting in his way. Beetlejuice was resting from a night spent with some neitherworld lady of the night when he heard the attic door open. \"wonder who this is\" Beetlejuice thinks before seeing Lydia coming in. he hears her calling out for the two stiff that are not here. \" Dead, dead, deadski\" Beetlejuice calls out.When she moves over to the town model, that's when she see him for the first time. \"of course they're dead they are ghost\" Lydia asked him. \"No I mean they're gone, split out of here as in the afterlife kid, as deceased-ahh\" he told Lydia . \"Are you a ghost to\" Lydia asked him. \"I'm the ghost with the most, babe\" he leered at Lydia as he sat up. \" You look like someone I can relate to. Maybe you could help me get out of here, you know because I got to tell you this death thing… it's too creepy. You see here's my problem I got these friends I said I would meet on the outside and its one of those things were I have to be there in person, so do you think you can help me get out of here\" he tells Lydia. She looks away from him and under her breath but he was still able to hear her \"I want to get in\" \"why? You know hey you have your own reasons. I can't do anything from here if you could get me out then we can talk or something\" he says \"what do I have to do \" Lydia ask Beetlejuice \"for me to do anything all you have to do is say my name three times and we can talk more\" he tells Lydia \" So what's your name then\" Lydia asked him \"well here the thing I can't tell you\" he says to Lydia \"why not\" Lydia ask him \"see if I tell you, you'll tell your friends then they will be calling me up on the horn all the time, I gotten show up a the shopping center for openings and sign autographs and shit like that and it makes my life hell ok? A living hell\" he tells Lydia. \" So if you can't tell me \" Lydia tells him \"if you have a pen or something…. Hold on you knows how to play charades' right\" he asks Lydia \"I guess \" Lydia says \"ok here we go \" he says. He holds up two fingers \" two words\" Lydia says \"good\" he says then hold up one finger \"first word\" Lydia says Beetlejuice then starts to move his head back like he was trying to tell Lydia. Lydia didn't know what he was trying to do \"just look behind you\" he yells at Lydia. When Lydia looks behind her there sitting in a chair is a giant beetle \"Beetle\" Lydia gasps \"Yes, now part two…\" Beetlejuice says. Please review and tell me how you think. The next couple of chapter will be from how Beetlejuice saw and did everything so I'll be reusing parts from other chapters sorry if any of them are to short im trying to get them longer. Thanks again to any who read this.[Chapter 11] Chapter 11 Disclaimer- I don't own Beetlejuice. \" Thinking\" / \"speaking\" Now floating in front of Lydia was a glass and a carton of juice. So Lydia starts to guess \"beetle… breakfast…beetle….orange….beetle…..liquid….beetle….juice.\" \"Yes! You said it\" Beetlejuice yells in glee \"so you're names Beetlejuice\" Lydia ask him \"you said it twice, come on say it one more time.\" Beetlejuice tell Lydia Lydia stops and thinks back to something that had happened \"it was you\" Lydia ask him \"me\" Beetlejuice looks surprise \"ya that snake that almost hurt my father\" Lydia tell Beetlejuice \"no what snake? You kids and you imaginations…..look just say it\" Beetlejuice said to Lydia \" I'm not sure… I think I should talk to Barbara first\" Lydia tells Beetlejuice. Beetlejuice is still trying to get her to say his name \"no, you don't need to talk to that bitch Barbara, JUST SAY IT!\" Beetlejuice yells at her. Lydia really didn't know if she but what could be the harm \"beetle….\" Lydia starts to say when behind her Barbara calls out to her \"Lydia \" when Lydia turned around Barbara didn't look like her normal self her mouth was opened as far as it could go and her eye balls were resting on her tongue. Lydia backed away and bumps into Adam when Lydia turns to look at him he was also not looking like himself. When Lydia turned back around Barbara was back to normal. \" He told me if I could let him out, he would take me to the other side to find you\" Lydia tells Barbara. \"Lydia... no we're dead\" Barbara says to Lydia. \"Lydia being dead really doesn't make things easy\" Barbara tells her . \"Listen to her Lydia this is something we know about\" Adam says as he come up to Barbara as he turns around his noise was still long. Lydia laughs at how funny he looked. We then hear the door to the attic open and we all hide. We see Lydia's dad and Otho walking up to the town model of Adams. They then start to take the model apart. \"What are they doing\" Adam asks \"I'm not sure, I'll go find out\" Lydia tells him Standing on the balcony, Beetlejuice watches, Lydia's father and that fat guy pick up and remove the model from the attic and place the town model up in what looks like the living room. \"Wonder what this is about and whoever did the decor needs some help and that's saying something\" Beetlejuice thinks to himself as he sits back down onto his chair. With that thought Beetlejuice and see that girl Lydia come over to her father. She starts to tell them that the ghosts are gone and they will only come back if they all live together what a bull. ((Break to when Otho is calling Barbara and Adam so everyone can see them)) Then they all descend that they're going to have that fat Otho call the dead so they can talk with them. Beetlejuice just watches from top of the tome stones in his famous suit that is stripped black and white. \" Help them \" Lydia asked him \" well you know what you have to say but there is one little thing you have to do before I help you out \" Beetlejuice told Lydia as he was cleaning his red tipped figures. \" What do you need me to do before you will help them out\" Lydia asked Beetlejuice as she looked back over at Barbara and Adam. Beetlejuice looked down and his red tipped figures and was cleaning the dirt and gram out from underneath his nails . \"Well I only need to get hitched so I can stay out for real, these aren't my rules come to think about it I don't have any rules \" he laird at Lydia. \"So if I let you out all I have to do is marry you and you will help them\" Lydia asked him \"Yep\" Beetlejuice replied. \" Ok…Beetlejuice….Beetlejuice….. Beetlejuice\" Lydia called softly to him after she stopped to think for a little bit. Beetlejuice look up at her after she said his name \"its show time\" Beetlejuice called out. As Lydia backed away from the model it began to shake and a green glow was coming from the middle of the model.[Chapter 12] Chapter 12 Disclaimer- I don't own Beetlejuice. \" Thinking\" / \"speaking\" Rising up from the middle of the model was Beetlejuice with what looked like his arms become all long and he had them rolled up and on his head looking like he had a merry-go round as a hat. His arm then rose up and a light spot comes on and goes onto maxim and his wife who just started to laugh thinking that it was a big jokes as they stand one two test your strength platforms. When Beetlejuice brought his arms down both of them shot up and right out of the house. After this Otho tried to run away but Beetlejuice run up to him and then after he changed Otho outfit. Otho screamed like a little girl and run out of the house. Lydia ran over to her father and Delia. Beetlejuice then came up to them and wrapped his arm around all of them. \" Mom, Dad I just want you two to your welcome at our house anytime you want to come over. In the meantime the dowers on me\" Beetlejuice told Charles and Delia as he places a hand full of snakes into Charles hand. When Beetlejuice turns around and walk away from the group his black and white suit has change into a red suit with a puffy under shirt. He then holds his arm out to Lydia and when she looks down she is in a red hideous ball gown. She was then pulled over to Beetlejuice side by a unseen force. Barbara and Adam try to help. Adam tries to say Beetlejuice's name but Beetlejuice used some juice to make Adam jaw fall off. Beetlejuice then starts to count off his fingers things he may be for getting he looks back over to Charles and Delia \"would you \" he then juice Delia sculptures so they come to life and walks over to them. The other one goes over to Charles and make him sit down. Beetlejuice looks over at the fire place and the fire place starts to change it shape. There's a green glow that then starts coming from the fire place and you start to see a shadow of someone coming up to the opening. Beetlejuice pulls Lydia in front of the dead preacher who is going to be doing their wedding. The preacher starts off the wedding \" do you beetle…\" the preacher starts to say and Beetlejuice stops him before he says his name. \"Do you take this woman to be your wedded wife\"?\" preacher asks Beetlejuice. Beetlejuice leave Lydia side for a minute and starts to mumble under his breath. \"Oh geez, I don't know I mean, it's kind of a big decision? I mean I always said if I ever did it I was going to do it once and that was it \" Beetlejuice then comes back over to Lydia side. Smirking at Lydia \" Sure go ahead \" Beetlejuice tells the preacher. The preacher then turns to Lydia \"do you Lydia take this man…. ?\" Lydia yells out \"no …. Bee…..\" and starts to say Beetlejuice name when he stops her by placing his hand over her mouth. \"She a little bit nervous maybe I should answer for her ok?\" Beetlejuice tells the preacher. He keeps his hand over Lydia's mouth and starts talking with Lydia voice. \"I'm Lydia deetz and I'm of sound mind this man next to me is the one I want. You ask me I'm answering yes I love that man of mine.\" Lydia couldn't believe what she was hearing Beetlejuice can sound just like her. Beetlejuice then removes his hand from Lydia's mouth after he had told the preacher in her voice. He then tries to get the preacher to go faster. \"Beetle…\" Adam gets out when Beetlejuice juices Adams teeth to fall out. (Adams teeth look like then joke teeth you could get in the old times) Adam somehow relies that he can still call out. At this time Adams teeth are jumping around and biting Beetlejuice in the feet making him dance away from Lydia and the preacher. Beetlejuice runs back over to Lydia's side and in front of the preacher. Adam now has his teeth back in there right place and he try again to save Lydia. He runs up to them but again Beetlejuice stops him this time he uses some more of his juice to make Adam disappear. \"Beetlejuice\" Barbara calls out. This makes Beetlejuice squeal like a pig because Barbara was able to say his name without him stopping her. Beetlejuice then juices her lips so the look like a zipper is on her face but this doesn't stop Barbara she just unzips her lips and call out again \"Beetlejuice\". Beetlejuice pulls his arm back and then making like he's throwing something and next thing we know Barbara has a metal plate over her lips she can't get it off to call out his name for the third time\" Beetlejuice then turns back to the preacher who then asks for the rings. Beetlejuice starts to dig through his pockets and starts to pull random stuff out of them. He then turns and makes Barbara disappear. Then out of one of his inside pockets he pulls a figure that has a ring on it. \"I can't believe this guy\" Lydia thinking as all this junk is falling then when she sees the figure with the ring on it. \" I'm telling you honey, she meant nothing to me. Nothing at all\" Beetlejuice tell Lydia as he pulls the ring off of the figure. As Beetlejuice is trying to place the ring onto Lydia hand so they can get the wedding over. A small red car comes flying off the town model and run right into Beetlejuice foot and catches his foot on fire. \"How does a fake car even do that\" Beetlejuice is thinking as he's jumping around trying to put out his foot. The preacher is still going on with the wedding with all this going on. \"I now pronounce you, man and….\" The preacher starts to say when Barbara come smashing through the ceiling riding on the back of a weird looking worm that has two faces. The worm comes right down on top of were Beetlejuice is standing, the worm just keeps going and now there is a large hole where he was standing. \" After the fucking worm ate me I now have to wait in this fucking waiting room again.\" Thinks Beetlejuice as he pulls a long number from the number dispensers. After he gets his number he goes and sits in-between a lady who's cut in half. \"I wonder how this half feels and if I can get to see up her skirt.\" Beetlejuice thinks as he starts to rub the side of the legs the upper half of the body smacks him in his face he gets up and moves over to the other couch. This one has the voodoo man and a man with a small head. Im trying to make them longer and remember review and tell me what you think this is my first time writing something like this. Now we will be see from Beetlejuice point of view to when he meets Lydia again. Thanks for all who read this story.[Chapter 13] Chapter 13 Disclaimer- I don't own Beetlejuice. \" Thinking\" / \"speaking\" The receptionist at the dead waiting room window calls out number 2 and when Beetlejuice looks down at the number the voodoo man has it reads number 3 so Beetlejuice decides he's not going to wait till his number get called he going to play a joke. \"Look there goes the king\" Beetlejuice calls out and points in the other direction making the voodoo guy look at where Beetlejuice was pointing. When that happened Beetlejuice grabbed the number out of the voodoo man hand and replaced it with his number. \" Well I think I'm up next \" Beetlejuice says as he pulls his suit sleeve down. The voodoo man looked at his number then reached into a bag that he had tied around his waist he pulled some dust out and when he sprinkled it over Beetlejuice head, his head start's to get smaller and smaller. \" Hey, hey what's going on, this may be a new look for me\" Beetlejuice said in a small high pitched voice. As Beetlejuice sat there waiting for his number to be called he watched all the dead come and go before him. \"that fucking juno who does she think she is making me sit here at less my head is back to its normal size that sucked\" Beetlejuice thought as he started looking around the only thing he could fine was the hand book \"of course that's the only reading material that they have let's see what I have in my pockets\" Beetlejuice thinks as he starts to pull thing out from all different pockets on his suit. Out of one pocket he pulls had small hand mirror \"I wonder were this came from now let's see what I can do with this\" Beetlejuice thinks as he uses some of his juice on the mirror. At first there was nothing but darkness but as it cleared he could see into a bedroom. \"Wonder whose bedroom does this belongs to\" as Beetlejuice is wonder he sees the door open up and a girl walks in. \" who is this now \" Beetlejuice wonders. Next thing he hears someone calling for the girl \"Lydia do you know where the bug spray is at.\" The young girl huffed before replying \"no Delia what do you need the spray for\" Lydia call out from her door way she then left to see what her step mother needed the spray for. \"So this is that bitch's room huh\" Beetlejuice thinks as he takes a look around. Not much to look at but she does like the dark stuff. This went on for a week as Beetlejuice looks at his mirror as Lydia come and goes \" I wonder if I can juice a little bit of myself over there I haven't done that in a long time but first I need something that's small\" Beetlejuice says under his breath as he looks around Lydia's room that is when he spots the spider web in the one corner of the room. \"I hate to lose lunch but it will help me look around more\" Beetlejuice says right before he points one of his red tip fingers at the spider. As his juice hits the spider it freezes and then fall out of its web. When the spider hits the floor it starts to twitch and move as the color changes into stripes that are black and white. \" Huh so that's what it's like for a spider it kind of hurts my head but what the fuck if I can move that's all that counts\" say the spider with Beetlejuice voice. The bed room door opens and in walks Lydia who has her school bag on, she sits down at her vanity when Beetlejuice sees her taking out her books and notebooks. \"What is she doing\" Beetlejuice is wounding from the spiders web so he come down from the web and sits under the mirror for the vanity. As Beetlejuice watching he doesn't know that at this time Lydia also saw him. \" I wonder where you came from be careful if Delia see you, you may not last the week\" Lydia tells the spider not knowing who she was talking with. After Lydia said this, the spider walks out into the light and that is when Lydia sees the stripped black and white spider. \"That's a weird spider iv never say one with your color before\" Lydia tells the spider. Beetlejuice paused walking in surprise when he heard her, he didn't think she even notice him down on her vanity so he just walked away. The next day Beetlejuice once again become the spider to spy on Lydia when she called out to him \"hold on your not a normal spider are you\" Lydia said to the spider. Beetlejuice couldn't believe that she had even notice so before she could get a better looks he made the spider disappeared. \"That was weird never before has anyone ever caught me like that\" Beetlejuice mumbles under his breath. He then looks up from the mirror that he was using for the spider to see where they were at with the number they were only up to 9,998,383,700,000. \"well fuck I still have another 50 thousand to go I wonder what Lydia thinks about the spider I has almost been a week\" Beetlejuice thinks before looking back down and the mirror. When Beetlejuice the spider reappeared in Lydia's room he was on top of her vanity just watching her. At this time Lydia really did surprise him \"If I think you are who I think you are don't think that I'm going to say it\" Lydia tells the stripped spider. Beetlejuice was so surprise that he fell out of his chair in the waiting room which made the spider disappears. When he would look in at her he would all ways come back to the best spot on top of the vanity. He did this for over a week just popping in on her. The next day Beetlejuice was waiting for her in his spider host waiting for her to come home when he heard the door to her room fly open and Lydia comes running in and though herself onto her bed. \"I hate that Claire why does she do that, I know I'm strange but come on\" Lydia yells out into her bedroom Beetlejuice didn't know what to do so he made her mirror mist over with some of his juice the spider could only do so much \"so babes what's up with you\" he calls out from the mirror. Lydia jumped up from her bed. She looked around but didn't see him. \"Ok where are you at you are not going to get me to say your name.\" Lydia told him. Beetlejuice then knocks on his mirror that's linked to hers \"what\" Lydia gasped as she ran over to her mirror. \"Hi ya babes\" his voice said coming from the mirror. \"How did you get back and why are you in my mirror\" Lydia yells at him. \"Well….you see lyds I'm not back I'm stuck in this fucking waiting room after I got out of that fucking sandworm your lovely fried brought over\" Beetlejuice's voice said from the mirror. \"So that's what it was called\" Lydia thought about what that worm was called. \"ya that's a fucking sandworm and I'm telling you right now it suck trying to get out of one of them when you get eaten\" Beetlejuice voice says from the mirror. \" So how are you contacting me, if you're in the waiting room whatever that is at\" Lydia asks Beetlejuice voice. \"It's the one place you go after you check out its how the higher ups can place you I hate fucking waiting around here.\" His voice tells Lydia as he watches ((see the thing with his juice he can make it were he can see but not anyone else)) \"so how are you able to contact me\" Lydia ask Beetlejuice . \"I know some loop holes if you notice that your mirror has a mist that's my juice you're seeing right now, I found a mirror in one of my pockets and….\" Beetlejuice tells Lydia from the mirror but before he can go on Lydia surprise him again. Lydia doesn't know how to take everything that he was telling her. \"well BJ I have to get to bed I have school tomorrow and just so you can't see out I'm going to place a sheet over the mirror for the night\" Lydia tells him and before he can say anything Lydia found a dark blanket and places it over her mirror. After that Lydia gets ready for bed. \"well that went a little better than I thought but come on cant a guy get to see some goods and what is up with that name BJ\" Beetlejuice says as he looks down at the blackout mirror. \"Calling 9,998,383,750,000 a mister Beetleguise\" the receptionist calls out. \"Finally that my number you suckers\" Beetlejuice jumps up and walks into the hall way leading to Junos office. Please review and tell me what you think I hope this is long for some im trying to make it longer but it may be hard. So there is a little bit of how they start to get to talk again.[Chapter 14] Chapter 14 Disclaimer- I don't own Beetlejuice. \" Thinking\" / \"speaking\" When Beetlejuice gets to Juno's office door and opened it without knocking he walks right in and takes a set in one of the chairs that is in front of her desk placing his booted feet up on the surface of her deck. Juno looks up from a folder that she had siting on her desk \"so geuse we need to have a talk about what happened up there\" Juno tells Beetlejuice \"what do we need to talk about, do you mean how I got ate by a fucking sandworm, or the wait I had to do in the dead waiting room or how about getting screwed by them\" Beetlejuice tells juno. \"No geuse how you almost married to a 15 year old and almost got out\" Juno tells Beetlejuice. \" fuck I had no idea that she was only 15 I'm a pervert but not that pervert I mean even before I never would go that far I do have my own code I guess I know why she looked like I was doing something wrong but I had no idea\" Beetlejuice thought as he pulled his booted feet off from juno desk and sat up \" well you have two options the first one I give your file to the higher ups and they go from there or option two you go under house arrest and give up half of your juice till someone makes a bond with you\" juno tells Beetlejuice \"the higher ups have tried it before and nothing came of it so I guess Iii fucking take the house arrest and I'm not happy that I have to give up my juice\" Beetlejuice tells juno. Juno was surprised that Beetlejuice would go for the house arrest \"what changed in him something has changed in him but I can't place my finger on what\" Juno thinks. \" geuse what your doing is very big of you but there's more as for the house arrest you will have half of your juice till you make a bond with someone from the real world\" juno tells Beetlejuice. \"So let me get this straight ill only have half of my juices and have to make a bond with someone\" Beetlejuice as Juno \"yes geuse if you don't follow this then the higher up will take over and they may just remove all of your juice and that you know will kill even you\" juno tells him as she takes a puff from her cigarette a puff of smoke came from the slit from her neck. Beetlejuice could not believe what he was hearing if he didn't follow the rule he will be gone \"well there not much more that I can do right June bug so how are we doing the whole half of my juice do I split myself or something\" Beetlejuice ask juno \"here what we're going to do I have this stone that will hold your juice till he bond with someone as soon as that happens and we know of it then the stone will break and your juice will come back to you and if you can even get that someone to do the whole marriage then you will be able to get out and not sooner\" juno tells him \" Ok let's get this show on the road then \" Beetlejuice thinks as him and Juno both stand up and Juno hold the stone out in front of her. As she holds the stone it starts to glow and Beetlejuice can feel something being pulled from him as he watches he sees a blue glow coming from him and goes into the stone. Next thing he knows is that the room starts to spin and as it gets faster and faster Beetlejuice drops down onto one knee and places his arms around himself as he feels more of the blue glow leave his body then all went dark. When Beetlejuice opens his eyes he's looking at his dead living room ceiling \"wow that was a trip what the fuck did that bitch do to me I feel like shit know\" Beetlejuice says out loud as he sits up and looks around \" well at less the place is in the same way I left it before I got trapped in that model\" Beetlejuice thinks as he starts walking around his house. \"I wonder how much juice do I have left\" Beetlejuice says as he comes up on his bed room mirror. He points one of his red tipped fingers at the mirror and the next thing he knows is he looking into Lydia bedroom. \"Well I can still look in but can she hear me and can I hear her\" he wonders has he see the bedroom door start to open. As he watched Lydia come in to her room dressed in her school uniform and through herself across her bed. Please review and sorry for it being short ill try to make the next one longer.[Chapter 15] Chapter 15 Disclaimer- I don't own Beetlejuice. \" Thinking\" / \"speaking\" Thanks to the great first review jh831 I'll try to make them longer I'm making the story as it comes but thanks again for the Lydia couldn't believe today was the worst day ever. The Maitland were not home they were with Juno they had been go for over a week and Lydia didn't know when they would be home she also had not heard from Beetlejuice in over a month. \"I wonder what he's doing last I know he was in the waiting room and talking to me\" Lydia says as she rolls over. Beetlejuice couldn't believe his ears Lydia was thinking about him so he juice the mirror a little bit more and knocked on the surface of the mirror \" hey babes what's eating you\" Beetlejuice calls out. Lydia jumps up from her bed and run over to her vanity \"BJ is that you\" Lydia ask the mirror but she couldn't see anything. \" I'm here can you not see me\" Beetlejuice voice says from the mirror \"ya I can hear you but there is just mist right now\" Lydia tells him \"I think if you say my name…\" Beetlejuice tells Lydia. \"Hold on…\" Lydia tells him as she gets up from her vanity and walks over to her bedroom door. She opens it and looks around then closes the door again and sits back down in front of the vanity \"ok here goes... Beetlejuice\" Lydia calls out. As soon as she calls his name the mirror clears up and there he is in all his ghostliness in his black and white striped suit \"so I see your still wearing the same suit\" Lydia tell him with a smile on her face \"yep this is the best one so what has you down more than normal\" Beetlejuice ask her as he floats in front of his mirror \" well there's this girl in my school who gets on my case, then there's my step mother and my father then the Maitland's are out right now with Juno and you have been gone for months\" Lydia tells him as she looks down at the top of her vanity. Beetlejuice didn't realizes that it's been months on her side of the mirror \"sorry forgot that over here time goes by slower it's only been a little over a week\" he tells Lydia \"its ok BJ so what have you been doing over there, were are you at right now\" Lydia asked him as she looks behind him she could see what looked like walls but they were a very dark blue color \"well this is my place and right now I found out I'm under house arrest and that I only have half of my powers and that for me to even get out again I have to make a bond with someone on the outside but you know it's me so it should not be that hard\" Beetlejuice tells her as he wiggles his eyebrows. \" So you have to get bonded to someone and you only have half of your juice is that what you call what you do\" Lydia as him . \"Ya my juice is what I use for my pranks and how I change my shape and I also found out something and I had to think about it\" Beetlejuice says to Lydia \" What did you find out that made you think about for so long\" Lydia ask him as she looks into his green eyes. Beetlejuice turns around so his back is facing Lydia \"well I found out that this girl I meet and was going to make her a deal for helping her out that she was only 15 at the time and even I have some standers that I will never cross\" Beetlejuice tells her still facing away from her. \"what is he not a perv so even he has some standers but the only girl I know that he made a deal with was me and when he was going to marry me I was only 15\" Lydia think \"wait I'm that girl aren't I\" Lydia asked his back Beetlejuice turns back around to face Lydia \" ya I'm sorry about that if I knew you were 15 I never would of made that marriage deal I would of asked for something else sorry lyds\" Beetlejuice tell her as he look at her \"so how old are you now if I can ask\" Beetlejuice as her \"I'm 16 now I'm also almost out of school and when I do I'm going to go to college for photos I'm really good at them and its ok I did make that deal with you\" Lydia tells him \" it's ok I mean I was the one who didn't ask you for your age and I'm the one who also did a lot of things the only thing I regret is I lost my ring that was the only thing I had from my other life before I died\" Beetlejuice tells Lydia \"what that ring was from your past it was on a dead girls finger, was she your wife\" Lydia ask him as she looks away to her dresser that is off the side of the vanity and see her jewelry box on top were the ring sits. \" no that was the finger that someone had placed my family ring on I was able to find it but before I could remove it someone came and so I just grabbed the finger and ran for it never found the time to take it off the finger I only said that because of the look you gave me when I pulled it out of my pocket\" Beetlejuice tells her as he smiles at her. \" well I forgive you for the whole trying to marry me, also thanks for helping me save the Maitland they are the first people to understand me and be there for me when I needed it\" Lydia tells him when she looks back at him. \" It's ok babes so I think it's getting late right I should let you get some beauty sleep you do still have school tomorrow now if you need anything all you have to do is call my name \" Beetlejuice tells Lydia as she starts to yawn \"ok BJ thanks for being here for me and for coming back I'll talk with you more tomorrow night BJ\" Lydia says as she yawns again \"ya night lyds have some nightmares for me\" Beetlejuice says as he smiles then pulls his juice back. PLEASE REVIEW AND LET ME KNOW WHAT YOU ALL THINK SORRY IF IT'S A LITTLE SHORT. AGAIN THANKS FOR READING XD[Chapter 16] Chapter 16 Disclaimer- I don't own Beetlejuice. \" Thinking\" / \"speaking\" The next morning Lydia woke up with a smile \"I can't believe that he's change and that he even apologized to me for what he almost put me through.\" Lydia says as she gets out of bed. She looks over at her mirror and sees that it looks normal for a mirror. Lydia leaves her room and goes down stairs to get her breakfast \"hello Delia how are you this morning what's for breakfast\" Lydia as her step mother \"oh Lydia dear I didn't hear you came down for breakfast I made this lovely meal\" Delia says as she points to some black thing in a pan on the stove top. \" you know what I'll just have cereal this morning\" Lydia tells her as she walks over to the cupboard and get out a box of cereal and a bowl then sat it all down on the counter and got out the milk and a spoon. She then after eating her bowl of cereal she looked at the clock and notice the time and it was close to school time. Lydia ran up to her room and started to pull out her school uniform and started to pull off her PJ when she stop and looked at her mirror \"don't stop on my account keep going\" Beetlejuice voice came from her mirror \"BEETELJUICE\" Lydia yelled out as she pulled her PJ top back down \"what\" Beetlejuice says as he appears in her mirror with his trade mark smirk \"BJ that is not right that you were watching me get undress and did not speak up I know you were a perv but come on that is just wrong\" Lydia tells him as she narrow her eyes at him. \" ok ok I should of said something when I first notice you started to pull clothes out but come on I can't stop all my perv ways\" Beetlejuice tells Lydia \"its ok but next time tell me before I start so I can ether throw a blanket over the mirror or leave the room\" Lydia tells him \"ok lyds ill make sure that if I look in the mirror and see you start to get dress or undress I'll leave till your done ok\" Beetlejuice tells her \" That's all I ask for thank you BJ for understanding me so what are you going to be doing when I'm in school\" Lydia asks him as she gets back from getting dress in the bathroom. \"well I may go pull some pranks on my neighbors the monster and his pooch or I may go into town not sure right now why\" Beetlejuice as Lydia. \"The monster and his pooch and you have a down town\" Lydia ask him \"ya that's one of my neighbors and we have a dead down town\" Beetlejuice tells her. \"oh ok well that sound kind of weird but that's cool but right now I have to finish with getting ready for school\" Lydia tell him as she gets her book bag and gets her books and all the other stuff that she may need for the day at school. \" Ok lyds ill check back in with you if you need anything from me during the day you know what to do\" Beetlejuice tells Lydia as he disappears from her mirror. At school a week later Lydia ran into her friends Bertha and Prudence \"Lydia\" both Bertha and Prudence call out when they both see Lydia \"Hi girls how are you doing can you believe were almost done with school\" Lydia ask them as they all walk up to their lockers. \"Yes Lydia I can't wait for school to be over\" Bertha tells Lydia as she looks in her locker for a book \"I'm also looking forward to school being over\" Prudence says as she pull out a book from her locker and places in her bag. As the three girls start to make their way to their class room they all come around a corner and they all bump into a girl with platinum blond hair Lydia falls down \"if it's not like Lydia like watch were you're going like you freak\" Claire Brewster says as she looks down on Lydia. Lydia just pulls herself up and picks up the books that she did drop \"Claire can you move you're in the way and we're going to be late for Mrs. Pea-bottoms class \" Lydia told Claire \"like whatever\" Claire said as she moved on with her group. Lydia and her friends went to their first class with Mrs. Pea-bottom as the girls toke there sets and got out their books. \" class today were not going to be working on anything in our books were going to be putting on a play from 'Romeo and Juliet' were going to have audition for parts in the play and in a month well put it on so for now here are the play books and will have you guys get into groups to read over the play\" Mrs. Pea-bottom told her class as she handed out the play book \" Lydia you need to try for Juliet you know you will be able to play her\" bertha told Lydia as they got their books \"ya Lydia you should try out for Juliet\" prudence also told Lydia \"I'm not sure I'll try out for the part but if I don't get it that's ok there is lots of parts in the play we can try for\" Lydia tells the girls as they go through the play \" well I know I'll get the part for Juliet and like it will be the best play with me in it\" says Claire as she walks by their table. After school Lydia gets home and walks in \"hello is any one home\" Lydia calls out \"Lydia your home how was school\" she hears from the living room Adams voice call out. When Lydia hears him she runs into the living room and sees that both Adam and Barbara are back from their talk with Juno. \"Hi guys your back from Juno's is everything good\" Lydia ask them as Barbara gets done hugging her \"ya everything good we were just checking in with her and she said everything is going great and with the pack that we made with your dad and Delia it's good\" Barbara tells Lydia \" well today in school we got a play to try out for and I'm going to try for Juliet but I'm good with whatever I get but I have to study the parts and in a week I'll get to audition for it and will be doing the play in a month time\" Lydia tells them as she shows the book that Mrs. Pea-bottom gave her \" That great Lydia and if you need any help let us know\" Barbara tells Lydia as she make her way to the attic. Lydia goes up to her room and sets down on her bed with the play. \"hey lyds what are you reading there\" Beetlejuice calls out from her mirror \"hey BJ it's a play I have to read through then in a week I have to try out for some parts but otherwise it's been a day\" Lydia tells him as she sets up from her bed. When Lydia looks over at her mirror she can see Beetlejuice in her mirror. \"So what's the name of the play you guys are you doing\" Beetlejuice ask her \"its Romeo and Juliet\" Lydia tells him as Lydia move over to the mirror \"oh Romeo and Juliet I remember when old Shakespeare wrote that play 'O serpent heart hid with a flowering face! Did ever a dragon keep so fair a cave?' that was a great play\" Beetlejuice tells Lydia \"ya so I need to read over the play and when the week is up go for an audition and see what part I may get do you think you can help me out with the play\" Lydia ask him \" Well I may but I don't have a copy over here there is a way for me to help but there is one thing I'm over here and you are over there so…\" Beetlejuice looks down at his fingers \"oh that's true so if I call you over here will you behave and not do anything unless I ask I don't want to get in trouble with Juno\" Lydia ask him. \"Ya Ill behave it's been a long time so what do you say it I'll behave cross my heart and hope a sandworm eats me\" Beetlejuice says as he crosses his heart \" ok here goes….BEETLEJUICE, BEETELJUICE, BEETLEJUICE\" Lydia calls out \"it's show time\" Beetlejuice says as Lydia mirror starts to ripple and the next thing Lydia knows he's standing beside her \"hi lyds\" Beetlejuice says as he floats in front of her. PLEASE REVIEW AND LET ME KNOW WHAT YOU THINK ILL TRY TO MAKE UPDEATS EVERY WEEK END I WORK MOST OF THE TIME AND HAVE A FOUR YEAR OLD AT HOME SO IM SORRY IF I DON'T GET TO THEM RIGHT AWAY SORRY INAVANST BUT AGAING PLEASE[Chapter 17] Chapter 17 Disclaimer- I don't own Beetlejuice. \" Thinking\" / \"speaking\"/ underline is for quotes from ether play's, books or movies \" So you ready to practices for the play\" Beetlejuice ask Lydia as he pulls his copy of the play out of one of his pockets. \"Ya let's get this going I'm going to try different parts of the play that way I'm not just trying for one part\" Lydia tells him as she sits down on her bed and opens her book. \"If I profane with my unworthiest hand This holy shrine, the gentle fine is this: My lips, two blushing pilgrims, ready stand To smooth that rough touch with a tender kiss\" Beetlejuice reads one of the lines from the play \"Good pilgrim, you do wrong your hand too much, Which mannerly devotion shows in this; For saints have hands that pilgrims' hands do touch, And palm to palm is holy palmers' kiss.\" Lydia reads one line from the play \" ok so there is one line from Juliet and Romeo so let's try another one\" Lydia tells Beetlejuice \"ok so what part are we going to try next\" Beetlejuice ask Lydia as they look down at their books . \"but for this next part you may have to do something you may not like\" Lydia tells Beetlejuice as she looks up at him \"what's the next part and what do I need to do that I may not like, what is it do I need to change into a girl\" Beetlejuice askes her as he looks up from his book. Lydia looked at him with a small smile on her face. \"What…. really I have to be a girl\" Beetlejuice says when he looks at Lydia \"ya I'm going to try the servant part\" Lydia tells him \"ok\" Beetlejuice says as he juice himself into a girl \"what… ok that's creepy\" Lydia tells Beetlejuice when he reappeared as a girl. He now looks like a 16 year old girl but still having his strips on his skirt and on his shirt his hair still was the same wild mess and he still has the blackness around his eyes and his teeth were the same. \"Ok what do you call this look\" Lydia ask him \"well this look you can call my Betty juice what do you think\" female Beetlejuice said in a higher pitched voice. \"ok that is just creepy, but it will work\" Lydia tells him as she tries to hold a laugh in. This kept up for over a week and over the weekend till Sunday night when lydia and Beetlejuice did one more read through of the parts that lydia would try out for on Monday after school. \"Now, good sweet nurse,-O Lord, why look'st thou sad? Though news be sad, yet tell them merrily; If good, thou shamest the music of sweet news By playing it to me with so sour a face.\" Betty juice says \"I am a-weary, give me leave awhile: Fie, how my bones ache! what a jaunt have I had!\" Lydia says back \"I would thou hadst my bones, and I thy news: Nay, come, I pray thee, speak; good, good nurse, speak.\" Betty says right after Lydia says her lines. They go through the book on and off till late at night. Beetlejuice stops and looks up and see that Lydia is yawning after each line they read out \"ok lyds let's put this on hold till tomorrow you need to get to bed its midnight and you also have school tomorrow now I'm going to have you say my name again and I'll talk to you later k\" Beetlejuice says as he changes back into himself and see that Lydia is fighting falling asleep. \"ok BJ thanks for helping me out and thank you for behaving yourself so I'll talk to you tomorrow so BEETELJUICE…. BEET…. BEETELJUICE…BEETELJUICE\" Lydia say between yawns and next thing she knows he's back in her mirror \"night lyds\" Beetlejuice tells her from his side of the mirror \"night BJ and again thanks\" Lydia tells him as she climbs under her covers. A week went by and her and Beetlejuice read over the play all nights till the day of the auditions \"ok BJ so today is the day we audition for the play is there any way you could be there with me\" Lydia ask Beetlejuice the day of her auditions \"well I may be able to juice myself into something say my name once and I can came over without being there all the way I'll be more of a ghost then what I normal is\" Beetlejuice told her as he watched her from the mirror. \" Ok BJ …Beetlejuice\" Lydia called out. He came out from the mirror and floated down to her he was transparent but she was able to see him \"ok so that's new ok do you have a neckless ill juice myself into that and I'll be right beside you till you call my name the lucky number\" Beetlejuice tell Lydia. Lydia hold up one of her neckless that was black next thing she knows Beetlejuice had snapped his fingers and her neckless was now black and white. \"Deadly vu that so cool BJ\" Lydia tells him as she hold up the neckless \"ya it's one of the things I can do with my juice\" Beetlejuice voices says from her neckless. \"Deadly vu\" Lydia tells him as she places the neckless on. When Lydia gets to school she sees her friend bertha and prudence \"Lydia are you ready for the audition later after school\" Bertha ask her as they stop at their lockers. \" I think so I did some reading all week and over the weekend but even if I don't get any parts there is other things I can do like making costumes for the play\" Lydia tells her friends \"ok Lydia that's so great\" prudence's tells Lydia as they walk into their first class for the day. \" I hope Beetlejuice behaves and doesn't do anything I know that he is here with me but I can never take my eyes off of him for a minute\" Lydia thinks as the school day goes on and so far she has not heard from him. After lunch Lydia goes into the girl's bathroom the one that most people won't go into because it's dark and dap smelling. \"BJ are you still with me here\" Lydia asks as she comes up to a mirror \"ya lyds sorry I dosed off have I missed the play yet\" Beetlejuice voice asked from the neckless. \"No its only lunch time I just wanted to check up on you because you have been well behaving yourself today and it was strange for you\" Lydia tells him as she looks at the neckless \"ya I just decided to take a nap there was nothing good going on so\" Beetlejuice voice tells Lydia with a yawn \"ok well I have to get back to class the auditions are not tell after school are you going to be ok with being in my neckless\" Lydia says to Beetlejuice \"I think so I mean I may move to different things that are near you but I promised you I would behave and I will stick to it\" Beetlejuice tells Lydia \"ok bj\" Lydia says back as she leave the bathroom and goes to her next class. At the end of school all the students that were going to try out for the play were in the school auditorium. PLEASE REVIEW AND LET ME KNOW WHAT YOU ALL THINK SORRY IF ITS SHORT AND SORRY IF I HAVE NOT UPDATED LATELY I HAVE BEEN VERY BUSY WITH WORK AND WITH MY HOME LIFE. BUT ILL TRY TO GET MORE OUT AS SOON AS I CAN. THANKS XD[Chapter 18] Chapter 18 Disclaimer- I don't own Beetlejuice. \" Thinking\" / \"speaking\" The students that were audition for the play were there waiting for their turn up on stage with their play books. \" Lydia are you here if so come up to the stage and let us know what parts you are going to read from\" Mr. Kane called out as he looked down at a clipboard that he was holding that had names of those that were going to audition for the play. Lydia walk up to the stage and come out onto the stage with her play book. one of the boys from the all-boys school down the street was also trying out for the play he was reading lines with the girls that were trying out for the women in the play. Lydia looks down and her play as the boy got ready to read from a part in the play \" She speaks: O, speak again, bright angel! for thou art As glorious to this night, being o'er my head As is a winged messenger of heaven Unto the white-upturned wondering eyes Of mortals that fall back to gaze on him When he bestrides the lazy-pacing clouds And sails upon the bosom of the air.\" The boy read out \"O Romeo, Romeo! Wherefore art thou Romeo? Deny thy father and refuse thy name; Or, if thou wilt not, be but sworn my spider \" Lydia looks down as she her spiders crawling across the stage. The boy freaks out and starts to run away from the spider. Lydia is standing there with the spiders climbing up her. \"I wonder were my spiders come from\" Lydia thinks as she looks around. She sees Claire standing on the side of the stage with a box sitting right beside her. \"That Claire\" Lydia says under her breath \"that it's someone clean up those spiders\" Mr. Kane says as he walks out of the auditorium. Lydia tries to talk to Mr. Kane about what happened \" Mr. Kane please hold on\" Lydia calls out \"I'm sorry miss Lydia but you are not what I'm looking for in my Juliet I'm sorry\" Mr. Kane tells Lydia. Claire run's up to Mr. Kane and tells him that she would love to be his Juliet. Later that night as Lydia is in her room she looks at her bed were Beetlejuice is floating above her bed \"well so I'm not going to be in the play but I'm going to make the costumes\" Lydia tells Beetlejuice \" ya well that great babes but it was funny when all the spiders ran across the stage\" he laughs has he floats over to her with his legs crossed with his arms behind his head. ~time jump~ As a couple of weeks go by Lydia has been working on the costumes for the play and she was right at the point of being done with Claire's costume \"well that the last of them\" Lydia tells Beetlejuice who at this time is back in his world for the time he got onto Lydia nerves over the weekend, so she sent him back till she was done with the costumes. \" babes call me I want to see what you have and when is the play again\" Beetlejuice calls out from her mirror. \"oh, Beetlejuice I forgot that you were back in your world I just got done with the last costume and the play is this Friday if I call you out are you going to behave\" Lydia tells him as she hangs the costume with the rest of them till she drops them off Friday night. \" ya I promise that if you call I'll be good\" Beetlejuice tells Lydia as he looks at her from her mirror \" ok Beetlejuice, Beetlejuice, Beetlejuice I'm holding you to that and if you mess up ill say it\" Lydia tells him. \" its show time \" he calls out as he fazes through her mirror. When he came out right away he floats above her bed with his arms again under his head \"so these are the costumes \" he says as she floats over to the rake of costumes that Lydia got done. \"ya I just got done and thanks for understanding that I had to send you back right \" Lydia tells him as he's looking at them upside down, \"ya, ya I know I was not behaving but can you fault me for it\" Beetlejuice tells her. The day It's now Friday and Lydia was looking over what she had made and as she was looking Beetlejuice was laying on her bed \" so when do we go to the play lyds\" Beetlejuice ask Lydia \"well this is a big thing I'm sorry that I'm going to have to do this \" Lydia tells him as she looks back at him \" what are you going to do that your saying sorry for\" he askes her as he looks at her \" no you promise that you would let me out tonight you cant go back on your words\" Beetlejuice tells Lydia \"I'm really sorry about this but Beetlejuice I have to send you home tonight this is a big thing for me and my school so Beetlejuice I really sorry but I have to ill call you back once it's over Beetlejuice\" Lydia says as she looks at he. Next thing Beetlejuice knows is he back at the road side his house standing at his mirror that looks in to Lydia room \"well fuck that bitch but I guess that's what I get for behaving\" Beetlejuice says as he watches the mirror as it changes to so him were Lydia is at he see that she's at the stage and is dropping off the costumes \"lyds let me out I promise I'm not going to do anything I'm so board here but I won't do anything\" Beetlejuice tells Lydia \" no Beetlejuice I'm not going to let you out ill let you out after ok\" Lydia tells him not know that someone over heard her saying his name. After Lydia walks away Claire opens her door and looks out \"Beetlejuice that a weird name like who is Beetlejuice some freak that Lydia knows and like who is Beetlejuice any way\" Claire's says not relishing that she just said Beetlejuice name three times and that she just let him out. \"its show time\" Beetlejuice calls out as he appears in front of Claire. She starts to freak out, but Beetlejuice waves his hand and she can't talk or make a sound \" so your Claire who pick on Lydia and I see your not wearing the costume that she made but you know what I can help with that\" Beetlejuice says as he waves his hand and Claire's costume changes to what Lydia had made and then he possession her body to make her a laughing stock. When its Claire's turn to come out Beetlejuice who is Claire starts to make her mess up and he makes her fly around the stage and as he does this people start to laugh thinking its all part of the play, but Mr. Kane does not think it's all fun. SORRY THAT THIS IS SHORT AND THAT I HAVE NOT UPDATED IN A LONG TIME THERE HAS BEEN LOTS GOING ON AT MY WORK AND EVEN AT HOME. BUT IM GOING TO TRY TO MAKE MORE CHAPTERS AND LIKE ALWAYS PLEASE REVIEW AND LET ME KNOW WHAT YOU THINK.[Chapter 19] Chapter 19 Thanks to lonewarrior2 for the review. I'm sorry if any of the readers have had a hard time understanding some words just a little blurb about me I have a learning disablist that makes spelling hard for me and sometimes I mix up word I'm going to try in later chapters to not mess up but it's something that I've lived with all my life and yes English is my only language but again sorry if any of you have trouble reading my story but I'm going to go not sure how many chapters but I'm a big fan of both Beetlejuice both the movie and the cartoon. Disclaimer- I don't own Beetlejuice. \" Thinking\" / \"speaking/ more than one talking \" ((recap- When its Claire's turn to come out Beetlejuice who is Claire starts to make her mess up and he makes her fly around the stage and as he does this people start to laugh thinking it's all part of the play, but Mr. Kane does not think it's all fun.)) At the end of the play all the audients that were there for the play were laughing because they all thought that it was a fun take on Romeo and Juliet. Mr. Kane though was not happy with how the play was done. \" This is an outrage, you all made this play a laughing joke, were going to get a bad review and I'm going to shut down the drama club forever\" Mr. Kane tells all the students the next morning after the play. At that moment Miss. Shannon comes running down the hill to the drama club with a newspaper in her hand. \"Hold on Mr. Kane you need to hear this first before you start closing down clubs\" Miss. Shannon tells Mr. Kane. \" Last night at Miss Shannon's school for girls with the all-boys school next door put on a play of Romeo and Juliet that was a smash. It was a very upbeat and funny take on the classic Romeo and Juliet play\" Miss. Shannon read aloud from the newspaper. \" ok I'm not going to get rid of the drama club you all did very well but I think next time we will go by how the play needed to be.\" Mr. Kane tells them. \"Mr. Kane I want you to do the play the same way for the rest of the week\" Miss. Shannon tells him \" Well you can find yourself other jilla\" Claire says \"ITS JULIET \" everyone yells at her. Lydia is holding a play book for Romeo and Juliet, she opens it up and there is a picture of Shakespeare that Beetlejuice has juiced himself into \" well the play was a hit Beetlejuice\" Lydia tells him \"you said the magic b word say it again come on, come on\" Beetlejuice tells her. \"Time skip-it's now October\"-during this time frame Lydia and BJ have become friends. That morning Lydia wakes up to her count Dracula clock going off. Lydia climbs out of bed and makes her way over to her vanity. Once she was in front of her mirror her image in the mirror changed to a very skinning version of herself. Lydia laughed as she saw her image then her image changed to a three eye ghoul. \"Beetlejuice\" Lydia called out as she laughs even harder. The image changes over to Beetlejuice \" what gave it away\" he asked her. \" The bugs behind your eyes gave you away\" Lydia tells him \" well this week is going to be great it's the one time of year that you will be able to come over and be yourself and no one will know that you're really a ghost\" Lydia tells him as she gets ready for school \"that right I forgot all about Halloween\" BJ says back to her. \"Time skip-in front of the school\" When Lydia get to school Claire shows up \"like Lydia did you hear about my Halloween party\" Claire's asked Lydia \"no\" Lydia tells her \"oh that right I didn't invite you\" Claire says as she laughs \"well that ok I'm going to have my own Halloween party \" Lydia tells Claire. Later that night after school Lydia is in her room talking to Beetlejuice who is floating in her room. She lets slip that he was going to have a party. The day before the party Delia gets Lydia a costume something that Lydia would not pick out for herself it's a cute pink bunny costume \"what is that\" Lydia asked Delia \"it's your costume dear is it not cute\" Delia tells Lydia as she lays the costume down on Lydia's bed. Lydia tries on the costume to see how bad it looked \"oh what was she thinking I'll be a laughing stock of the school if I wear this\" Lydia tells BJ as she shows him the costume. Beetlejuice starts laughing once he sees Lydia in the suit \"lyd's what…what...is…that\" Beetlejuice ask Lydia in-between laughing \"ok stop laughing I have to come up with a plan for this party\" Lydia tells Beetlejuice after she takes off the costume. That night as Lydia is getting ready for bed she starts getting down as she thinks about everything, she has to do for the Halloween party. The next morning Beetlejuice gets a great ideal to help Lydia out he puffs out front of the house and he becomes Mr. Beetelman. Delia opens the door and spots Beetlejuice as Mr. beetelman standing there \"oh Mr. beetelman what can I help you with\" Delia asked him \"will I'm here to help you, here's my card\" Beetlejuice tells Delia as he hand her a card \"oh you do catering also\" Delia asked him \" yep I'm one of a kind jack of all tread, I'll bring the scary to your Halloween party\" Beetlejuice tells Delia \"ok Mr. beetelman that will help me out\" Delia tells him. Beetlejuice is able to get Delia to give him money to get supplies but he didn't tell her that they will be from the neitherworld. As Beetlejuice is shopping, he picks up a can with the table Party in a can just add water. \"This may come in handy later\" Beetlejuice says out loud as he picks up more supplies and the can. Two nights later it's time for Lydia's Halloween party, she notice during that time that Beetlejuice has only been around for a little bit. A Lydia walk down stairs to find him in her living room with a table full of Halloween supplies \" so this is what you were up to\" Lydia asks Beetlejuice when she walks into the room. \" Ya I figured I would help you out lyd's \" Beetlejuice tells her as he moves supplies all over the room \"ok BJ let's get everything set up\" Lydia tells him. \"Time skip - right before the party\" \" Lydia does your costume fit \" Delia asked her outside of her bedroom. \" You can come in \" Lydia called out as Delia came in Lydia jump out in her new costume it was a werewolf costume. \" what…what happened to your bunny costume\" Delia asked as she looked Lydia over \"it still the same one I just tweaked it\" Lydia tells Delia as she starts going down stairs to get her party ready. Beetlejuice walks in with a werewolf on a chain. \"B what have you done you can't bring in a monster what if someone finds out\" Lydia asked him when she sees what he brought in with him. As the party gets under way Claire shows up Lydia couldn't believe she even showed up. Beetlejuice turned himself into his other form Betty juice in a bug costume. \" It's show time \" Beetlejuice says right as he pushes Claire into the arms of the werewolf \"here Claire dance with this hansom werewolf\" Betty juice tells her. Beetlejuice and Lydia are standing on the side of the room watching Claire and the werewolf dance. \" b you're really bad I hope she doesn't figure out that he is a real monster\" Lydia tells him \" na it will be really funny\" Beetlejuice says back \"you know what we need more people\" Beetlejuice says as he grabs the party in a can and drops it's in a bowl of juice water the can goes puff and lots of different monster shows up. Lydia cant believe Beetlejuice just did that she picks up the can and reads over the label and she notice the warning 'not to us on a full moon' Lydia shows Beetlejuice the can when he notice it the clouds part to reveal it's a full moon night. The entire monster from the can went on a rampage in town. They both read the label more and notice the way to put them back in is by drying them out. Lydia grabs her portable hair dryer, she and Beetlejuice run all over town drying out the monsters and putting them back into the can. \" Well we did get a night out on the town\" Lydia tells Beetlejuice as they stand on the front porch. \" What did you do with the can\" Lydia asked Beetlejuice \"I throw it in the toilet \" Beetlejuice tells her. They then both looked at each other as a boom comes from the house. \" Well here we go again \" Lydia says to Beetlejuice as they both ran back down into town. ~~~~~~~~~~~ Hi all sorry it's been a long time for an update I'm going to try to get some more chapters in but just to let you all know that is a lot going on at my work and at home so I'll try to get more chapters if I can. Thanks again for those who have added me and who's left a review. ~~~~~~~~~ ","Summary":" Lydia and Beetlejuice story (movie and cartoon mix) tells how they became friends and something mor"},{"Movie":"Annie","Title":"Grace and Agatha","Author":"markaleen","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12184375","Passage":"[Chapter 1] This isn't the next story I planned on posting, but I got the idea a couple weeks back and I'm having so much fun with it. This is an AU about Miss Hannigan (Agatha) and Grace. What if they had known each other (and were friends) before the day Grace was sent to invite an orphan to the mansion? I'm not sure how long the story will be yet, but eventually, all will lead up to 1933. In this story, there will be a 12 year age difference between the two characters. (I know no specific ages are assigned for either of them in the film, but I usually go by the actors' ages at the time of filming unless stated otherwise.) At the start: Agatha 32, and Grace 20. A special thanks to iloveyoumisshannigan and Silvermissstt for all of their help and support as I attempt my first Agatha-based story. I hope you all enjoy! 1920 \"I'm sorry, Miss… Hannigan, is it? Someone beat you to the room.\" \"I telephoned not two hours ago,\" Agatha said, teeth clenched and trying not to lose her temper. \"The man I spoke to said it was mine. I told him I would be along soon.\" \"My husband neglected to run that detail by me. The person who got the room is already moving their boxes in. I can't tell them to leave now.\" \"Sure you can. It's no different than sending me away.\" \"Oh, it's quite different,\" the woman said, getting more frustrated the longer she stood outside in the burning sun. \"I apologize for the miscommunication, but the payment is made, and there's nothing more I can do.\" \"This is unacceptable. You told me a week ago that my name was the top of the list. What happened?\" Letting out a grumble, the woman said, \"All right, Miss Hannigan, I'll be frank with you. While you were our most considered tenant, we decided that the room best go to someone who really needs it.\" \"And I don't need it? Do you think I rent rooms for the fun of it?\" \"No, but surely a younger tenant has fewer options than a woman of your age. You ought to be marrying soon.\" \"Oh gee! You know, the thought never occurred to me. Thank you so much. I'm going to run and find a man right now.\" The woman's eyes rolled. \"There's no need for that kind of attitude.\" \"Now you're speaking to me like a child? I thought I was an old maid.\" \"I think it's time for you to go now.\" \"Fine,\" Agatha said as she picked up her suitcases. \"I didn't want to live here anyway. The place is a dump.\" In reality, the building was one of the nicer ones Agatha had seen. Walking away wasn't easy. What was she going to do? How dare that woman assume she didn't need the place. Losing her mother's apartment was devastating. It was the one place she felt safe, oddly enough. Without Rooster's half of the rent, keeping it was impossible. She had to laugh. When was the last time he showed his full part of the rent? She couldn't remember. Maybe she wouldn't be in this position if she'd put her foot down and refused to cover him for the past couple years. Now the bum landed himself in jail. It wasn't surprising the day she received the call. Since he was a teenager he'd been in and out of police custody. A born smooth talker, he managed to stay out of the bars. This time, however, he hadn't been so lucky. Her knowledge of the crime was shaky — and she intended to keep it this way — but she knew it had something to do with a robbery. Whether it was holding a gun to a poor sap on the street or one of his clever games, she didn't know nor care. Issues of her own took up most of her thoughts these days. \"Damn him. Damn them all!\" she muttered as she walked without aim. \"Is something the matter?\" Agatha looked to her side and saw a young woman had caught up to her. Of course she was young. One of the last kinds of people she wanted to deal with today. \"No.\" \"I'm sorry, I don't mean to pry. We happen to be going in the same direction and I couldn't help but notice you saying things to yourself. You seem upset.\" \"So what if I am? What are you gonna do about it?\" The younger woman shrugged. \"I don't know. Listen, I suppose. If you want to talk.\" \"You won't be interested. It's people like you who've got me upset.\" \"What do you mean?\" Agatha stopped and turned to face this woman. \"How old are you?\" \"I'm twenty… what difference does it make?\" \"Apparently people of your kind need housing more than people over thirty like me. Well, let me tell you something: It's not true.\" \"I'm… sorry. I don't know what else to say.\" \"I knew you wouldn't.\" The woman nodded. \"I'm sorry to have bothered you.\" Agatha stood, almost laughing at God's sense of humor. Of all days for someone to be friendly to her, it had to be today. When she turned to tell the young woman to walk ahead of her, she saw that she no longer stood beside her. She'd gone on her own, walking in the other direction. Agatha sighed. It felt good to get her anger out on someone, but now a feeling of guilt rushed over her. It wasn't the woman's fault. All she did was offer an ear. When was the last time that happened? \"Hey… wait a minute,\" she called after her. \"Yes?\" the young woman turned around, cheeks flushed. \"I'm sorry,\" Agatha said, now caught up. \"I've been going through a rough time. I'm not used to people wanting to help. I didn't handle it well.\" \"It's all right. I shouldn't have intruded. You were obviously trying to work something out on your own.\" \"Can I buy you a coffee or something to make up for it?\" The woman shook her head, \"No, don't worry about it.\" \"Please? I promise not to snap again.\" The woman gave a shy smile, \"If you really want… but please don't feel obligated.\" Holding out her hand, Agatha said, \"Let's start over. I'm Agatha Hannigan.\" \"Grace Farrell.\" . . . \"So, you're from Connecticut…\" \"Yep,\" Grace nodded. For the past five minutes, they'd stared at their coffees and struggled for conversation. While Agatha's mood lightened as they walked to the cafe, they also used up most of their small talk. \"I hear it's nice.\" \"It is.\" Pressing a hand to her head, Agatha said, \"Okay, I'm no good at this. I don't know what to say.\" Grace, feeling relieved that she didn't have to be the first to admit it, replied, \"I'm not either. I was always the quiet one in my family.\" \"I wasn't, I'm just horrible at coming up with interesting things to say. I can't remember the last time I sat down for a one on one conversation with someone. After my mother died, I was so busy taking care of my brother that I lost any ties with old friends.\" \"Now that sounds like an interesting story,\" Grace said, leaning forward with curiosity. Agatha shook her head. \"Oh, no… it's not. Believe me, you don't want to hear about my family.\" \"Why not?\" \"Remember how you said you heard me saying some things under my breath?\" \"Yes.\" \"Most of that was directed towards my brother.\" \"You don't get along?\" she asked. \"You could say that,\" Agatha scoffed. \"I'm not trying to pry.\" \"It's okay,\" Agatha said. \"I did bring it up. We used to get on well. Why shouldn't we? He's my baby brother. I love him, of course, even now. It's just… complicated.\" \"How old were you when your mother died?\" \"Just before I turned fourteen.\" \"I'm so sorry.\" Agatha shrugged. \"It was a long time coming. The worst part was staying with my father the next couple years. After that, I took charge of my brother.\" \"I can't imagine how difficult that must have been.\" \"I won't pretend and say it wasn't. I wasn't used to my father being home so much. When my mother was alive, he would disappear for a couple weeks at a time and come home as if he'd just gone to the store. He still did afterward, but for a while not as long. Slowly, he'd go away for a week and come home for another, and then I realized one day it had been a month since we last saw him. Roost and I were better off that way. Dad wasn't there to take care of us. I still did most of the chores. He refused to do the woman's work. Anyways, once he was gone for good, I took a job and managed to keep the house running with the little bit of money my mother left us until Rooster was old enough to get a job himself.\" Grace's jaw dropped. \"I can't even imagine…\" Agatha chuckled. \"No need to get sappy. It's in the past. I like to think I'm better for it.\" \"Oh, I'm sure,\" Grace said. \"What happened with your brother?\" \"He discovered that the quickest way to get money was by begging and gambling.\" \"How old was he when this happened?\" \"I don't know, fifteen? Sixteen?\" \"How about now?\" Grace asked. \"Twenty-seven.\" \"No, I mean, is he still gambling?\" \"Probably. I doubt prison will stop him.\" Face reddened, Grace covered her mouth. \"Oh my… I'm dreadfully sorry. I would never have asked if I'd thought-\" \"Don't fret. It's best for everyone if he's there. Heck, it's one less worry for me. No more panicking when the telephone rings or if there's a knock on the door.\" Grace shook her head. \"I feel so terrible for coaxing you into the story.\" Agatha laughed. \"You worry too much, you know that? I don't mind telling the story, not that anyone has asked. I get the feeling I'm not as emotional as you — no offense.\" \"None taken,\" Grace said. \"I suppose emotional is a good word for me. I was always the one who got overly excited about the presents under the Christmas tree, and the one who cried over finding a dead bird or squirrel.\" \"I'll bet you held a funeral for them,\" Agatha teased. \"…I might have.\" Again she laughed. \"Sounds like you have some interesting stories of your own. What brought you to the city? Can't be for the lack of animal carcasses.\" Laughing along softly, Grace answered, \"I was looking to start fresh. My mother died, too, when I was younger. From then on it was just me and my father. I have an older brother, but he lives out west with his family. He moved away when I was seven and now only see him every few years or so.\" \"Were you close?\" Agatha asked. \"Yes and no. I have fond memories of him when I was very young, and we write back and forth when we have the time, but when I see him in person I never know how to approach him. He never looks as I remember him and I barely recognize his voice.\" \"That's too bad.\" \"It is, but after hearing about your brother I feel like the luckiest sister in the world.\" \"Ah, Rooster isn't all bad.\" Straying from the topic a moment, Grace asked, \"I thought I'd misheard you before. Is your brother's name really 'Rooster'?\" \"Of course not, it's just a nickname. His name is Daniel. I started calling him Rooster when he was a baby because he'd always start to cry at the crack of dawn.\" \"Very clever,\" Grace smiled. \"Didn't you have a nickname for your brother? When you were younger?\" \"Not that I can recall. Now and again I'd call him Dev, but that's short for his name: Deven.\" \"When was the last time you say him?\" \"About a year ago at our father's funeral.\" \"Oh, I'm sorry.\" \"Thanks. He'd been in poor health for a long time, we were thankful to see an end to his suffering. It was difficult for a few months after, though. Deven came to deal with the estate, ultimately deciding to sell it. I fought to keep it, but it wasn't realistic. There wasn't a ton of money leftover, and it wouldn't have been worth putting so much into much-needed repairs. In the end, I realized how lonely it would be in the house all by myself. That's when I decided to pack up and come to New York. I visited once as a child and remembered being fascinated. I thought about the trip from time to time, and since I had nothing in mind for my life, I figured I'd take a chance and try and find work.\" \"Did you have something in mind before?\" \"Oh yes. I looked forward to staying at home for a while longer. I wasn't sure if I wanted to attend college or not. I'm glad I waited as I couldn't have dealt with the death and the schoolwork. I figured I'd work in a shop until I married. For a while there, all I thought about was marriage. I imagined the wedding and our children — I even had sketches for our house and furniture. Funny how one event can change the course of the mind.\" \"I'll drink to that,\" Agatha said as she held up her mug before taking her last sip of coffee. \"Did you ever marry?\" \"No, I wish. By the time I was able to get out there and look, I guess it was too late. That, or I'm repulsive to men.\" \"I highly doubt the latter.\" Agatha smiled, \"Thank you.\" \"Why are women expected to marry the minute they enter their twenties?\" Grace sighed. \"When I told my brother and some friends back home that I was coming to New York to work, they looked at me like I had two heads.\" \"I thought you said you wanted to marry?\" \"I did. I mean, I do, but it's no longer my priority. I want to be able to take care of myself first, you know? It would be different if I had family around. Besides, I also want to work before I'm housebound with eight children.\" Agatha gasped. \"Eight children? Honey, you're making the right decision taking a job first.\" With a laugh, Grace pushed her now empty coffee cup to the side. \"What's so strange about eight kids? I've always wanted a large family. I guess it's because I spent most of my childhood alone.\" \"Before my mother died I was still taking care of Rooster. Do you have any idea what a handful little kids are?\" \"Oh, I know. I used to babysit for the neighbor's children. They are a noisy handful.\" \"And you want eight of them?\" \"I don't know, it was the first number that came out of my mouth. I'll be happy if I have one or one hundred.\" \"Please, I beg of you… do not have one hundred children.\" \"I promise,\" Grace chuckled. The waitress came to their table to clear their cups and gave them the bill. Agatha treated, as she said. Both were thrilled the ice had been broken, and their conversation continued as they left the cafe. \"So, am I to assume you have no interest in children?\" Grace asked as they walked. \"I would like one or two. My heart isn't set on it, though. By the time I find a husband that ship will have sailed.\" Putting her hand on Agatha's arm, Grace said, \"Don't say that. You're still young. There's someone out there for you.\" \"I wish I had your confidence. It doesn't matter, though. I have things I need to do before I can even think of a man.\" \"Is one of those things finding an apartment?\" \"How did you know?\" Grace smirked. \"It was one of the first things you said to me when we met.\" Upon remembering, Agatha blushed. \"Oh… that's right.\" \"Don't worry about it. I had a lovely time talking with you.\" \"Yeah, I did, too.\" \"Listen…\" Grace said, using the shy voice she had before the cafe. \"I know this is sudden and informal, but… I've been looking for a roommate. I rent a small apartment a couple blocks from here and it's been a struggle keeping it up by myself. I know we've only just met and you probably aren't looking to share a place, but I just figured until you find a place of your own-\" Stopping Grace's nervous babble, Agatha said, \"Slow down, slow down. I think it's a great idea. That is, as long as you don't mind sharing a roof with an old timer like myself.\" \"Oh, stop it. I know there's a bit of an age difference. I'm hardly home as it is. I work at a bakery down the street in the mornings, and a deli in the afternoon. I'm hoping to get a new job soon — one that doesn't involve going back and forth.\" \"Sounds like we won't see much of each other. I have an evening and night job.\" \"What do you do?\" \"Nothing exciting. I clean for several businesses — you know, banks, shops, museums, and so on.\" \"If I'm being honest, I'd take a job like that over dealing with hungry customers during the breakfast and lunch rush.\" \"Believe me,\" Agatha said, \"You don't.\" \"Okay, I'll take your word for it.\" Reaching for one of Agatha's suitcases, Grace said, \"Here, let me help you. I feel bad that you've been lugging these around.\" \"Thanks,\" Agatha grinned. \"And I can't thank you enough for this. I don't know how I'll ever repay you.\" \"No need.\" \"No, really. I can't believe you'd help me out after hearing about my crazy family history.\" \"I don't think it's crazy. I admire you for all you've done.\" \"Thank you, that means so much.\" \"Come on,\" Grace said. \"We aren't too far from the apartment.\"[Chapter 2] Agatha and Grace proved to be a good match. They balanced each other out: Agatha had personality and life experience, and Grace had gentility and savvy. For the first time in a long while, Agatha had friends. Although they were really Grace's, they accepted her. Agatha wasn't sure what she'd done to deserve such peace in her life, but she was grateful. Secretly she'd had some apprehensions. Trusting a stranger off the street wasn't like her. While Grace was sweet, she still didn't know what it'd be like to live with her. She'd only ever shared a place with family. Already she considered Grace her best friend, and even that was unknown territory for her. Making friends was never her strong point. Was it strange, she wondered, to be living with someone so young? Grace was younger than Rooster for heaven's sake. Did she really want to risk going through the life of a twenty-year-old all over again? Rooster was always bringing home drunken trouble. Granted, Grace and Rooster we polar opposites. In a few months, Grace seemed no different than when they met. It was safe to assume she wouldn't change, right? Too many people in her life changed for the worst after knowing them for any amount of time. In the greater scheme of things, a few months wasn't a long time, and this made Agatha nervous. \"Agatha,\" Grace asked. \"Is anything the matter?\" Sundays and some Saturdays were the only times of the week neither of them worked. Already they had something of a routine. Grace would wake early for church, wake Agatha, and then come home with fresh bread or pastries from the bakery to go with the eggs and sausage Agatha prepared. Grace never said so aloud, but Agatha moving in was the best thing to happen to her since moving to New York. She hadn't realized how much she missed having other people in the house. Coming home to a freshly cooked breakfast reminded her of Saturday mornings with her family. The scent of some sort of breakfast meat brought her out of bed, and she'd run downstairs, still in her nightgown. When both parents were alive, she'd come into the kitchen to find her mother and father laughing as they cooked and prepared the dishes. After her mother's death, she got up early to help in her place. As close as she'd become to Agatha in the past weeks, she couldn't bring herself to tell these sorts of stories. They were some of her most precious memories, and it felt as though speaking them would make them commonplace. Agatha looked up from her near untouched breakfast plate when Grace repeated her question. Setting her fork to the side, she answered, \"Yeah, Grace, I'm fine.\" \"Are you sure? You're all slumped over and you've barely said two words.\" Agatha sighed. \"I'm sorry. Woke up with a lot on my mind, I guess.\" \"Do you want to talk about it?\" \"Nah, there's no use. Just me being dumb and whiny.\" \"I doubt that,\" Grace said. \"Come on, let's hear it.\" Knowing she wouldn't be letting up, Agatha surrendered. \"Don't take this the wrong way, but I'm starting to notice the differences between us.\" \"Like what?\" \"We have different personalities, for starters. You have a natural positivity about you. I, on the other hand, don't take to setbacks well.\" A bit confused, Grace asked, \"What setbacks? Did something happen?\" \"No, no,\" Agatha corrected. \"I'm just using it as an example. You remember about a week ago at the butchery some jerk overheard us picking out our cuts and swooped in and took them for himself? Remember how mad I got?\" \"Yes, but I don't see how that depicts personality. I was angry as well, especially when he gave us that snarky look as he was leaving.\" \"But you didn't spout off at him, you reined me back.\" \"Only because I thought you were going to hit him over the head with the baguette you were holding.\" \"Exactly what I'm trying to say. You keep your calm while I turn wheat into weapons.\" \"Are you kidding? I would love to be as gutsy as you. I never say what's on my mind. I let people like that man walk all over me. You? You stand up for yourself.\" Agatha half-smiled. \"You think so?\" \"Absolutely.\" \"Well, I still call it short temper.\" Grace shrugged. \"Partly, but I'd take that with the ability to speak up over allowing myself to be the butt of a joke.\" \"I'll teach 'ya.\" \"Thank you,\" Grace chuckled. \"You have your work cut out for you.\" \"We'll make it a deal: I teach you to say what you feel, and you teach me to conceal my bread.\" Agatha winked. Agatha felt better after her and Grace's conversation. Though it hadn't gone into great detail, she felt more like she belonged. Grace had a quality that Agatha hadn't noticed until now. In silence, she could convey her real emotion. Not once did she say, \"Agatha, I like having you here.\" But she didn't have to. The tone of other words and small gestures, such as leaving mid-week notes when they hadn't seen more than two minutes of each other, said it for her. \"Hope your week is going well,\" \"I brought home those donuts you like, enjoy!\" Agatha never knew someone who considered her presence so much. Not since Rooster was a toddler, anyways. The following Saturday, Grace began facing problems of her own. \"What am I going to do? I never thought I'd be fired. I did everything right.\" Agatha, who sat in her favorite armchair in the living room, put her foot out to stop Grace's pacing. \"Relax, it happens.\" \"Not to me!\" Grace said. \"What did I do wrong, Agatha? I came in on time, I was friendly with the customers, I washed my hands after every order, I worked extra when I was asked… I don't understand it at all.\" \"Look, it's not like you're unemployed. You still have the job at the bakery.\" \"I only work part time. They don't need help in the afternoons because the owner's kids come home from school. I can't ask them for more hours. I'll make enough to contribute to the rent and maybe a few groceries, but that's it.\" Agatha shrugged, \"So I'll take care of the rent for a couple months while you look for something else. It's not that big a deal, I have a bit of money saved.\" Grace sat on the sofa diagonal from Agatha. \"I couldn't ask you to do that. You work so hard. I'm able to pay my share, that's not the issue.\" \"Then what is?\" \"I'm mad at myself for not saving anything. I was so focused on decorating this place. The possibility of losing one or both of the jobs never occurred to me.\" \"Didn't the furniture come with the apartment?\" \"Yes, the basics did. The rest was me. I wanted it to feel like a home. Everything felt so cold before I added personal touches to it.\" Placing a hand on her friend's knee, Agatha said, \"You did a great job of it.\" \"How are you so calm?\" Grace asked. \"What I mean is, doesn't the idea frighten you? What would you do if you lost your job?\" \"I'd find another.\" \"You make it sound simple.\" \"It's not,\" Agatha scoffed. \"It can be grueling, but what else is there to do? Believe me, I've been through this before. After a while it becomes common place.\" \"How many times has this happened?\" \"I don't know, a few. Mostly from diners.\" Grace sighed. \"I guess you're right. I just wish I knew why.\" \"I can't help you there, I always knew my reasons.\" \"What were they?\" \"Let me think…\" Agatha said as she leaned back and rested her head on her arm. \"Once was because I threw a drink at a customer.\" \"What?\" \"He had it coming.\" Grace sat wide-eyed. \"Just like in the movies?\" \"Oh no,\" Agatha said with pride. \"I mean I literally threw the drink at him — glass and all.\" \"I don't believe it.\" Grace gasped. \"Well… maybe I do.\" Agatha laughed. \"Damn straight.\" \"What else?\" \"A couple times it was due to excessive tardiness, but I didn't have a choice. That was when Rooster was still living here. The rest was probably along the same lines. Something stupid I did and had to live with.\" \"I wonder if I did something without realizing.\" \"Did you ask?\" \"No,\" Grace said. \"What did you do? What did you say?\" Agatha asked. Grace blushed. \"I said okay and left.\" \"That's it?\" \"What else could I do? I was so afraid I was going to cry in front of them.\" \"All right, we gotta toughen you up,\" Agatha said. \"Can we focus on one thing at a time, please?\" \"No, you should have demanded an explanation.\" \"So what? It doesn't matter now. It's over. I missed the chance.\" Agatha rolled her eyes. \"Okay, okay. I'm not going to argue about it. I'll go make you some tea and then you should get into bed. I have to leave for work in half an hour.\" \"Thanks,\" Grace managed to smile. . . . The next day Agatha took it upon herself to figure out what happened to Grace's job. Not long before Grace got off at the bakery, Agatha walked over to the deli. She stopped a few times trying to remember the way. Only once or twice she'd visited Grace at either job. Normally at this time she was sleeping or just waking up. When she arrived, she couldn't decide if she was grateful or annoyed by the crowd of people. Serves me right for coming at 12:30 , she thought. She took her place in line, beginning to put together in her mind what she was going to say. She watched the people behind the counter and went by Grace's previous descriptions to get an idea of who was working. There were two men and a woman. She knew the woman's name was Anna and that she was a cousin of the owner. As for the men, no matter how hard she tried, she couldn't un-mix their descriptions. Before long, she was at the counter. She ordered a sandwich for show, and decided to play dumb. \"Hey, what happened to the young woman who normally works here?\" She asked the man serving her. \"She's right there with another customer,\" he answered. \"No, not her. The other one. I don't remember her name… Gretel?\" \"You mean 'Grace'?\" \"Yes! That's it.\" The man shook his head. \"She doesn't work here anymore.\" \"How come?\" Agatha asked. \"Just moved on, I guess.\" \"Are you sure? She doesn't seem to be the kind of person to leave without explanation.\" \"Look,\" the man said as he turned around to make her sandwich. \"It's not our business to discuss former employees.\" \"Was she fired?\" \"What difference does it make?\" \"I'd like to know,\" she said. \"It would surprise me if so.\" \"Why is that?\" \"I thought she was one of the best.\" Glancing over his shoulder, the man asked, \"You don't look like one of our regulars. I'd remember a pretty lady like you.\" Oh sure, Agatha thought. Now is the time for a man to notice her. \"Don't play that game with me — I invented it. I didn't say I was a regular.\" \"Then why are you so fond of Grace?\" \"She was memorable.\" Coming back with her order in hand, he said, \"Fine, if you must know, she was fired. I can't tell you why right here. Why don't we talk over dinner… say around five?\" Agatha froze. She couldn't go on a date with this man. For all she knew he was one of the owners or a relation. On the other hand, going meant getting answers. \"Um… sure. Sure, that should be good.\" \"What's the matter?\" the man asked. \"Nothing,\" Agatha answered. \"I'm just surprised. And don't think I'm not aware this is still a game. I'm only agreeing to find out what happened to Grace.\" \"Are you friends with her or something?\" \"No,\" Agatha answered. \"I'm nosy.\" The man laughed. \"Meet me here later on.\" \"Okay.\" \"My name is Carl, by the way. What's yours?\" \"Call me Aggie,\" she answered, just in case Grace had mentioned 'Agatha' in passing. Perhaps a fake name would have been a good thing to come up with during the walk over. \"See you then, Aggie.\" Agatha nodded, and turned to leave. \"Wait a minute,\" Carl called after. \"Yeah?\" Holding up a bag, he said, \"Your lunch.\" \"Oh, thanks. What do I owe 'ya?\" \"It's on me,\" he smiled. Agatha took the bag and grinned. Free food and a date? She should snoop around for Grace more often. Hopefully she 'll understand…[Chapter 3] \"You what?!\" \"I know, I know. Please, hear me out,\" Agatha begged. \"I never asked you to go down there and snoop around!\" \"I know you didn't, but you seemed so upset and I wanted to help. How was I supposed to know you'd get mad?\" \"Assume it could get me into more trouble,\" Grace said. \"Look, I can't think of everything. All I wanted to do was help.\" \"And how, exactly, is dating one of my former co-workers helping?\" \"No one said anything about dating. He asked me to dinner and said he'd tell me why you were fired. That's the only reason I said yes.\" \"I'm not so sure I want to know. If he couldn't tell you there then it must be bad. At least while I don't know I can talk myself into thinking it wasn't my fault.\" \"Fine, I won't go.\" \"No, no,\" Grace said. \"He'll be suspicious. I'm surprised he isn't already.\" \"Well,\" Agatha said, \"he did ask towards the end if I knew you, but I said no and that I was just curious.\" \"Who's just curious about the reason why someone they barely knew was fired?\" \"I don't know, okay? I swear, I never thought you'd be this upset over it.\" Grace sighed. \"You're right, I'm sorry.\" \"So, what do you suggest I do?\" \"I don't know. Try not to speak any more of me, I guess.\" \"I'll do my best. It might be tricky seeing as it's why I agreed to go — and I said as much.\" Feet fidgeting, Grace said, \"He must know you know me.\" \"So what if he does anyway? If he mentions it, I'll say you know nothing about my going down there and going to dinner with him. It's not a complete lie. I'll tell him the truth if I have to.\" \"As long as it doesn't get me into any more trouble.\" \"Sweetie, you don't work there anymore. You can't possibly get into trouble.\" \"But what if they were thinking of giving me my job back? They won't now.\" \"I didn't get the feeling it was on their minds when I was in there.\" \"How would you know?\" \"I'm not an idiot,\" Agatha answered, slightly offended. \"That's not what I meant,\" Grace said. \"I don't want to talk about this anymore. I'm going to walk for a while. I'll see you later.\" Once Grace was gone, Agatha went into her bedroom to start getting ready. Slumping down at her vanity, she let out a groan. She knew this wouldn't last. She ruined the first real friendship she'd had since she was a child. And for what? What was it to her if Grace didn't work there? There was no doubt in her mind that she would find something better. Why couldn't she have left it at that instead of meddling? The worst part of this was, she was excited to be going on a date. She couldn't remember the last time it'd happened. She also knew that a date with a man she couldn't see again wasn't worth straining a friendship. Carl probably didn't see a lot in her anyway. Like she'd said to him back at the deli, it was a game. While he didn't look much younger than her, it seemed strange that he'd go after her. Grace was right, he had to know who she was. She let herself fall for it all. \"Why bother?\" she said as she tossed her lipstick down. \"As if saying my name is Aggie hides my identity.\" Agatha stood up and went to find her coat. She would meet Carl like she said, but she'd cancel. Grace would be angry at this, of course. It seemed to be a no-win situation. . . . \"Hey,\" Carl said when Agatha walked into the deli. \"You're early.\" \"Yeah, I know. I came to let you know what I'm not going to be able to go to dinner.\" \"Why not?\" \"Something came up — an emergency. I'm sorry.\" \"Oh, okay. Maybe tomorrow or the day after?\" Agatha shook her head. \"I don't think so.\" \"That big of an emergency, huh?\" Knowing by his tone that he knew she was lying, she just shrugged. \"Yup.\" \"That's too bad. I was looking forward to it.\" Resisting a laugh, Agatha replied, \"Yeah, sure.\" \"I mean it,\" he said. \"And didn't you want to find out why Grace was fired?\" \"I realized how ridiculous I sounded. I have an issue with gossip. I need to stop somewhere.\" \"You consider that an emergency?\" \"I didn't say that was it.\" \"Be honest.\" \"Fine,\" Agatha breathed. \"Fine, there is no emergency. I was trying to back out with some dignity.\" \"I don't see why we can't still go out, I don't have to tell you anything about Grace.\" There was no way out. Agatha felt herself beginning to panic and prayed it wouldn't show through. \"Don't worry about it. Let's just forget any of this happened.\" \"Come on, Aggie. A friendly dinner, that's all.\" \"I'm at least five years older than you.\" \"That doesn't bother me.\" \"Well, it bothers me.\" \"Grace told you not to come, didn't she?\" \"Yes and no, she- wait a minute. You knew?\" \"Not right away,\" he chuckled. \"I put it together after you left.\" Leaning her back against the counter as Carl came around to the front, Agatha said, \"I feel so stupid.\" \"To tell you the truth, I'm a bit surprised. Grace doesn't seem like someone who'd be behind this.\" \"She isn't,\" Agatha said. \"I am. It was my own idea. She was so upset when she told me she was fired, I just wanted to help her out, you know? I didn't mean to make an even bigger mess. She'd kill me if she knew you found out.\" Carl smiled. \"We don't have to tell her.\" \"I don't intend to. She's furious enough at me as it is.\" \"Well, while you're already here, why don't we go grab a bite to eat?\" Agatha shook her head. \"No, I can't do that to Grace.\" \"It doesn't have to be a date. I can explain to you why Grace was let go.\" \"Well… I guess that would be okay.\" \"Good,\" Carl said as he took off his apron and traded it for his coat. \"There's a diner not too far from here I think you'll like.\" \"All right, you win.\" \"That's it?\" \"That's it.\" Agatha put her head down on the table. \"She was fired because of a new budget?\" \"Yep.\" \"I don't believe this. Why didn't you say something to her?\" \"I wasn't there when it happened. From what I heard, she left so fast there was no time for explanation.\" \"Yeah, that sounds about right.\" \"Grace was in favor to stay over Jeffrey,\" Carl said, \"but he works full time, and the owner knew Grace wouldn't be without a job.\" \"That makes sense.\" \"Business has slowed recently. I'm not sure why. We think there's a new deli that opened up a couple blocks away. We still have a lot of our regulars, but other people, not so much.\" \"I'm sorry to hear that.\" \"I'm sure the place will get back on its feet. In the meantime, changes had to be made. My hours were cut, as were Jeffrey's. The only reason Anna's weren't is because she's a relative. I think she works for less, anyways.\" \"Grace will be relieved to hear it wasn't anything she did wrong.\" \"Would it help if I come and talk to her? I can explain everything.\" \"I'm not sure. I don't dare make a decision. I was so wrong about coming down and trying to find out what happened myself.\" Carl laughed. \"And what a brilliant job you did.\" \"Don't tease. I did my best.\" \"Grace seems like a reasonable person. Once she knows she's not in trouble, she'll be grateful.\" \"Gosh, I hope so.\" \"Why are you so worried about this?\" Carl asked. Just then the waitress came over with their dinners. After looking up to say thank you, Agatha said, \"Never mind, it's silly.\" \"Tell me,\" Carl said after swallowing a bite of his burger. \"I'm just new to this sort of thing, okay?\" \"New to snooping? That's quite obvious.\" \"Yeah, yeah. I meant doing things for friends. I've never had the opportunities before now. I felt like I was doing the right thing, and it's clear now how wrong I was.\" \"So what? You tried.\" \"I can't help but feel you're stringing me along for something,\" Agatha said. Again, Carl laughed. \"Why is it so hard for you to believe I find you attractive?\" \"Have you seen me?\" Food back on the plate, Carl picked up his napkin to wipe his hands with. \"A woman who puts herself down is just as unattractive as a woman too full of herself.\" Agatha frowned. \"Look at any woman my age or younger in this place and then look at me. I can't afford to be beautiful. My hair is a perpetual mess, my clothes are outdated and worn, and most of the jewelry I'm wearing isn't mine. I borrowed from Grace.\" \"Look, I asked you out because I thought you were cute. Why do I have to have all these reasons along with the decision?\" \"You're right. I'm sorry. I know I'm making a fool of myself. I'm so preoccupied with Grace and where she is and what she might be thinking. This isn't fair to you.\" \"What do you mean by where she is?\" \"She left not long before I came to see you. All she said was that she was going for a walk.\" \"That's all? I'm sure she's home by now.\" \"Part of me knows you're right, but another part of me is afraid history repeats itself.\" Once the words were out of her mouth, she regretted them. \"Gosh, listen to me. The last thing you want to hear on our first date are stories of every jerk and bum I've ever encountered.\" Reaching across the table, Carl took Agatha's hand. \"This isn't a date, remember? Just two friends having dinner. It doesn't need to count. Our second outing will be free of distractions.\" \"Our second? You want to see me again?\" \"Sure I do. I know you have other things on your mind. Grace has spoken fondly of you, too. I'd like to get to know you.\" \"She has?\" Agatha smiled. \"What did she say about me?\" Carl shrugged. \"This and that. What a great person you are, and dedicated and hard working.\" \"And here I thought men were only after a pretty face.\" \"I lucked out and got a pretty face and a good person.\" Agatha looked down, a smile still on her face. He was too good to be true, but worth the pain that would inevitably come later. \"Grace?\" Agatha called as she walked through the door. \"Grace, are you home?\" There was no response, but Agatha could see Grace's lamp on through the cracks. With light steps, she set her purse on the kitchen counter before walking up to Grace's door. Peeking in, she saw Grace had fallen asleep with a book open across her lap. Agatha turned to leave but stopped. She wouldn't see Grace again until tomorrow afternoon, and she'd agreed to meet Carl for a late breakfast. Opening the door all the way, Agatha stepped in and said again, \"Grace?\" Grace stirred, opening her eyes for a brief moment. \"Hmm?\" \"I need to talk to you.\" Closing her eyes again, Grace said, \"Later.\" \"This can't wait.\" \"Why?\" she asked, eyes opening again with concern. \"You found out what happened? Did he catch on to you? What happened?\" \"If you stop talking for a minute, I can tell you.\" Now sitting up, Grace said with a gesture of her hand, \"Go on.\" \"Let me start by saying that you were not let go for something you did,\" Agatha said as she sat at the foot of the bed. \"Then why was I?\" \"Budgeting or something. Carl said they wanted to keep you, but you were only there part time and you wouldn't be without work.\" \"Oh…\" \"Feel better?\" Agatha asked. \"A little bit. Only, I don't understand why they didn't tell me.\" \"Carl said that you left before they had the chance.\" \"He wasn't even there.\" \"He heard about it.\" Grace cheeks reddened. \"So they all know how immaturely I take bad news. Wonderful.\" \"He didn't say that.\" \"What did he say?\" Agatha shrugged. \"That was it.\" \"Oh,\" Grace said, not quite convinced. \"Well, I'm glad it's over.\" Biting her lip, Agatha said, \"Actually… there's something else I needed to tell you.\" \"What?\" \"I, um. I kind of, well, I made another date with him.\" \"Please, tell me you're joking.\" \"I'm not.\" Setting her book on the nightstand, Grace then stood. \"What more do you want with him?\" \"I don't know… I liked him. And he liked me. Do you know what a rare thing that is?\" \"Oh please, don't try and make me feel guilty for being angry.\" Now standing as well, Agatha said, \"Angry? I expected you to be irritated at most. Why angry? It's not like he was the one who decided to fire you.\" \"Why shouldn't I be angry?\" \"I don't know?\" \"Oh, let's just forget about it,\" Grace said, plopping down on her bed once again. Agatha studied her a moment. She looked more sad than angry. \"What's really going on?\" Grace looked up. \"I told you, I don't want to talk about it.\" \"Look, I won't see him again. He doesn't mean that much to me, I've only just met him.\" \"Yeah, right.\" \"Honest.\" \"I can't tell you who and who not to date.\" \"You're not telling me. I'm making this decision myself because my friendship with you means more to me than some guy. I just wish you'd tell me why it's upsetting you so much. I got it earlier because you were afraid it'd come back to you, but he won't tell your boss.\" Grace sighed. \"You really don't know?\" \"I think we've established this.\" \"All right,\" Grace said. \"Do you remember me mentioning a while back that there was someone I liked?\" \"Yeah?\" \"Someone that I knew from work?\" \"Yeah? …oh.\" Grace nodded. \"He's the one.\" \"Oh, no… Gosh, I can't believe I didn't remember. I always thought you were talking about someone from the bakery.\" \"Nope.\" \"Grace, I am so sorry. I mean it, I'll cancel tomorrow and we can forget about everything.\" With a shake of her head, Grace said, \"No, it's my own issue and I need to deal with it.\" \"But it's not necessary. Tonight, technically, wasn't a date.\" \"Please, don't patronize me.\" \"I'm not. Obviously, I'm not able to make good decisions here. I've screwed up from the start and I don't know where to go. You have to tell me what I'm supposed to do because I'm pretty tired of feeling bad for every move I make here.\" \"I'm sorry. It's just that I feel so humiliated.\" \"You aren't the only one humiliated tonight. I'm apparently the worst liar in the world.\" \"That makes me feel so much better,\" Grace said with a roll of her eyes. \"Fine, be mad. I don't know what to say. You can leave me a note or something in the morning telling me what to do. But know that it was your decision.\" \"Fine.\" Agatha left the room, slamming the door shut behind her. Here it is, she thought. Here was the inevitable occurrence that would force her to pack up and move on again. Figures this would happen on her night off. What could she expect? It would be far too easy to go to work and be distracted until she spoke to Grace again. But no, she had a night of lying awake and scolding herself. She was just about into her room when she heard a knock at the door. \"What now?\" she said to herself as she went to answer it. \"Do you have any idea what time it-\" Agatha's eyes widened when she looked up. \"Carl, what are you doing here?\" \"I had to stop by the deli and I noticed that you left your scarf.\" \"Oh,\" Agatha said, taking the scarf from him. \"Thanks. But why didn't you just give it to me tomorrow?\" Carl shrugged. \"You're on my way home. I know it's late. I won't ask to come in.\" \"It's not that. I mean, I'd offer some coffee or something, but I don't think-\" \"Agatha? Who's at the door?\" \"Grace!\" Agatha spun around, pushing Carl all the way outside with the door. \"No one, just a couple of kids playing a prank.\" Grace crossed her arms. \"You really are a terrible liar.\" Carl knocked on the door again, causing Agatha to shut her eyes tight. \"Would you just open the door?\" Agatha obeyed and moved to the side to let Carl into the apartment. \"What's going on?\" he asked. Grace looked at him with wide eyes. She knew the minute she heard the knock and muffled voices in the next room that it was Carl, but she wanted to be wrong. \"Oh, hello, Carl.\" \"Hey, Grace,\" he said with a smile. \"It's good to see you.\" Looking down at her hands, she said, \"You, too.\" \"He stopped by to drop off my scarf,\" Agatha said. Grace nodded. \"I see. Well… don't let me interrupt. Goodnight.\" \"Wait, Grace,\" Carl said. \"Aggie told me you were worried that you'd done something to make you lose your job. Believe me when I say how much we all miss you.\" \"Thanks,\" Grace said, holding back tears. \"Goodnight.\" Once more, she tried to leave the room, but this time was stopped by Agatha. \"Hold on, why don't we all have some coffee or something?\" \"No,\" Grace snapped. \"No, thank you. Goodnight.\" Before anyone could say another word, she shut herself in her bedroom. Agatha leaned against the closed door and sighed. \"What's going on?\" Carl asked. \"Did I come at a bad time?\" \"I don't know anymore.\" \"I should go then…\" \"Wait,\" Agatha said. \"Wait... It's a long story. I'd say I'd explain over breakfast tomorrow, but I don't think it's a good idea.\" \"Why not?\" Taking a deep breath, Agatha then said, \"She'll kill me for telling you this, but the truth is the only way to explain this easily and without risking your feelings. I guess Grace has, well, has had feelings for you in the past. I didn't know until I talked to her when I came home. The last thing I want to do is hurt her.\" \"Ooh,\" Carl said with realization. \"That explains how she was acting just now.\" \"Yep.\" \"I can't believe I never realized.\" \"She must be good at hiding it because I never caught on. Granted, I haven't known her for that long, but long enough I should put two and two together.\" \"Well,\" Carl said, \"I don't want to come between two friends. I understand.\" \"I'm sorry about this, I had such a lovely time tonight, and I think you're really great.\" Carl smiled. \"I had a good time, too.\" He then moved for the door, saying, \"See 'ya around.\" \"Yeah,\" Agatha nodded. \"Goodnight.\" She watched as Carl walked down the hall. When he started on the stairs, she went after him with a final question. \"Hold on.\" \"Yeah?\" \"What do you think of Grace? You two might hit it off.\" Taking Agatha's hand, Carl replied, \"I think she's great, but not in the way she might hope.\" \"Oh,\" Agatha said. \"I see.\" \"She's still so young,\" he tried to explain. \"Plus, it'd be strange to go out with her after all of this, not to mention the fact we used to work together.\" \"I get it. You don't have to explain.\" \"I feel bad, though.\" \"There's no need. If I'm smart, I won't tell her any of this.\" Carl laughed. \"Maybe it would be for the best.\" \"Thank you for being so understanding,\" Agatha said. \"It's too bad we had to end things this way.\" \"Yeah,\" he said, \"it is.\" He stepped outside the door, and then turned to look at Agatha again, \"If you ever change your mind, though, you know where I work.\" Agatha nodded with a smile, though she didn't figure she would. Once Carl was well away from the door, Agatha went to talk to Grace again. However, when she turned the knob to her door, it wouldn't budge. \"Oh come on,\" she said. \"A chair against the doorknob, really?\" \"Go away,\" Grace said from inside. \"He's gone. You don't have to hide.\" \"I'm not hiding. I'm trying to sleep.\" Crouching down, Agatha brought her eye to the lock. \"No, you're not. I can see the light through the keyhole.\" \"Don't spy on me.\" \"Come on, Grace? Can't we talk?\" \"Not tonight.\" \"Fine,\" Agatha said with a groan. \"But I told him I can't see him again. I told him tonight was wrong and that my reasons for going out with him weren't right.\" Grace didn't respond. For a couple minutes, Agatha waited outside her door, hoping she'd speak eventually. After a while, though, she knew it was a lost cause. She surrendered to the silent treatment and shut herself in her own room until morning.[Chapter 4] Grace tossed and turned all night. How could she have been so rude to both Agatha and Carl? How could she have been so childish? What must Agatha think of her? Locking herself in a room, pouting, not talking… it was the first time she started to wonder if their differences in ages were too severe. However, even if Agatha was the same age as her, she was acting like a pouty sixteen-year-old. So she had a crush on Carl. Big deal. She always knew nothing would happen. Carl's mannerisms towards her made that clear. He took her under his wing when she first started. At first, he reminded her of her brother. He was focused, yet would goof off during lulls in the day. Slowly, as she got to know him better, he became more than a brother figure in her mind. To her dismay, he didn't stop treating her like a little sister. Because of this, she remained quiet. Anyways, she wasn't looking for a relationship – especially not with someone she worked with. It would pass eventually. But, seeing Agatha with him brought on a certain jealousy she never expected. What a good friend Agatha is, she thought. Even after her little tantrum, she still respected her wishes and broke it off. How did she show her thanks? By shoving a chair under the doorknob. Why Agatha didn't say enough is enough then and there she'll never know. Then again, this was the first time they had this kind of tiff. Usually, they bickered about flower arrangements and not keeping up with certain chores, but those topics could be expected from any pair of roommates. Grace knew come the afternoon she'd have to apologize and pray she would be forgiven. Things had been going so well with Agatha, she wasn't going to let something as silly as a crush come and ruin it all. It was time to grow up. . . . Grace managed a few hours of sleep but found herself awake just after 5 AM. Instead of fighting for an extra hour or two, she decided to start her day early. Being up so soon before the sun made the decision difficult. She didn't bother changing into her work clothes before going into the kitchen, nor did she bother with a robe. The house was warm, which was strange as it winter was settling in. Checking the thermostat, she realized she forgot to turn it down before bed and that Agatha mustn't have thought to check it either. Well, she thought, one night won't hurt. Making her coffee, bypassing breakfast, for now, Grace thought back on last night. She felt sillier than ever. Carl didn't mean all that much to her, she'd been more hung up on others in the past. Thinking about it, she realized how selfish her attitude around this was. It occurred to her that she was afraid to lose Agatha. What if the two of them hit it off well? They might start a serious relationship which might lead to marriage at some point. Of course, that would mean Agatha moving out. Instead of being happy and thinking what joys it would bring to her friend's life, she thought of what change would be caused for herself. In part, these feelings didn't make sense. While she hadn't been in the house long, she lived alone long enough to know it wasn't an issue. The company was great, but really she didn't spend enough time at home for it to carry so much weight. When asking Agatha to move in, her thoughts weren't on companionship. Finical help was what pushed her to ask. Gaining a friend ended up being a bonus. Maybe this happened for a reason. Maybe it was a wake-up call not to get too attached. This was a repeating pattern in Grace's life. She'd meet someone, hit it off, and then become emotionally attached. Not so much in the clingy and suffocating way — she hoped — but rather in silence. She had trouble saying how much people meant to her sometimes. What she felt came out in other ways, such as last night, or when she tried putting it in words it came off wrong and put some sort of wedge. As silly as it was, it was her way of saying to Agatha that she cares. Marriage didn't always mean the end of a friendship, but it'd happened with her best friend from high school. She couldn't go through that hurt again. Agatha had much less of a reason to stay apart of her life. \"Hey,\" Agatha said with sleepy caution. \"Oh,\" Grace said, looking up and setting down her mug on the kitchen table. \"Good morning… I didn't hear you get up.\" Agatha shrugged. \"Guess I'm used to being up at this time one way or another. I also thought I heard you walking around.\" \"There's coffee made if you want.\" \"Thanks.\" Agatha took her favorite cup from the cabinet and filled it to the brim. First taking a couple of sips at the counter, she then walked over to the table again. \"Mind if I sit with you?\" Grace replied by pushing Agatha's seat out with her foot. As she sat, Agatha said, \"I want to apologize again for yesterday.\" Grace held her hand up. \"Please don't. I'm the one who needs to apologize. I've thought a lot, and I was completely out of line. I… I don't know why I reacted the way I did. I hope you'll forgive me.\" \"It's forgotten,\" Agatha said with a wave of her hand. Truth be told, as long as she wasn't being kicked out of the house, she didn't care who was right and who was wrong. \"Really, I feel terrible. Is there anything I can do to make it up to you? Why don't I go talk to Carl and somehow explain all of this? I don't want to get in the way of something with potential. It obviously went well.\" \"No, it's okay. It might have been fun for a little while, but I doubt anything serious. He'd come to his senses after a while. I'd feel funny being the older one in a serious relationship.\" \"You're not older by much. You can't even tell.\" \"But I'd always know.\" \"Please, just call him?\" \"Grace, I ended things with him and that's that. I don't want to hear another word about it. Can we just go on like usual?\" Grace looked down into her coffee cup. \"Okay, I'm sorry.\" Agatha felt bad for her quick tone, but had she gone on any longer, she would have been forced to admit the truth about telling Carl. It was too early to start another argument. In attempts to alleviate the tense atmosphere, Agatha soon asked, \"Are there eggs left?\" \"I think so,\" Grace answered without looking up. \"I'll make them in a few minutes.\" \"I can do it. You want some?\" \"No, thank you. But could you bring the coffee pot over here while you're up?\" Agatha nodded, walking over to the counter and setting the pot in front of Grace. \"Hey,\" she said, getting a better look at her face. \"You okay?\" Grace nodded, half looking up. \"I'm tired. I don't feel like going into work today.\" Agatha shrugged. \"Then stay home sick.\" \"I can't. I need the money.\" \"What good is it if you're just going to fumble through it all morning?\" \"I guess that could make sense.\" \"Besides,\" Agatha went on, \"not once have I seen you take a sick day. You earned a break.\" Finishing the last sip of her first cup, Grace reached for the coffee pot and began pouring. \"As tempting as it sounds, I'll have to pass.\" Sitting back down again, Agatha continued her persuasion. \"Come on, why don't we go and do something fun today?\" \"Like what?\" \"I dunno. We could go shopping?\" \"For what?\" \"Nothing in particular. Clothes, knick knacks… just window shopping.\" Grace tilted her head. \"That does sound kind of fun.\" \"Yeah?\" \"Yeah.\" Grace gave a small smile. \"I suppose one day won't hurt. I'm too tired to take orders. I'll be mixing them up all day.\" \"Thatta girl.\" Agatha stood up and nudged the other woman's arm. \"In that case, I'm making you some eggs.\" . . . The two spent a happy, and frankly, much needed day shopping. Yesterday was forgotten, at least verbally. Grace couldn't shake her guilt, and Agatha too felt bad for her actions and for what she said to Carl. And most of all, for keeping what she said a secret. But, neither of them let their feelings interfere with their day. They didn't buy much. They splurged on a big lunch and Agatha found a blouse she couldn't part with. Grace still minded her money. She was more on the lookout for help wanted signs in store and restaurant windows. However, when Agatha was off in another section of one store, Grace came across a silver bracelet she thought Agatha would like. While on her way to show her, she decided to buy it as a gift and surprise her with it later. Christmas was a few weeks away, but she didn't think she'd be able to wait. Besides, it was a nice token from the day. \"Wanna stop someplace for dinner?\" Grace shook her head. \"We already went somewhere for lunch. I don't think we should do any more damage.\" \"My treat.\" \"Haven't you spent enough today?\" \"Ah, it's all right. It's not like we do this every day.\" \"I don't know how you do it at all,\" Grace said. \"Do what?\" \"Not live in constant fear living paycheck to paycheck.\" \"I'm used to it. It was worse when Rooster was with me. Sharing a place with you has actually given me the leisure of buying extra things for once in my life.\" \"Really?\" \"Yeah, you kidding? I had to learn how to make a loaf of bread feed two for a week. I managed a small garden from a window box over the summers which helped. Sometimes I had better jobs than others, but it's always been tight. I'm not saying I can live like a Rockefeller now, but it feels nice being able to own a nice piece of clothing.\" Grace glanced at the paper bag in Agatha's hands. While the garment was pretty, she wouldn't consider it the best quality. The fabric was thin and the pattern was a bit off. She found the thing on sale because a couple of the buttons were loose. Growing up, Grace's family didn't live in luxury, either, but she never realized how much better she had it than some. She had her Sunday clothes, play clothes, work clothes, dinner clothes, school clothes… from the sound of it, Agatha didn't have a need for play clothes. It was all work for her. Even now there was a noticeable difference in their attire. Agatha's dress was far more worn. A few years old at the least. Grace bought what she was wearing a couple months ago and found it difficult not replacing it for winter. She wondered how much Agatha had saved up. If it was around the same, she'd feel like a complete snob. \"Did I say something?\" \"What?\" \"You went quiet,\" Agatha said. \"I didn't mean to whine.\" \"Oh no, you aren't whining. I just started thinking.\" \"What about?\" \"Oh, nothing.\" \"Let's bypass this back and forth. You're gonna end up telling me in the end.\" A blush came to Grace's cheeks. \"I was just thinking… how different our lives have been.\" \"You're just realizing this now?\" \"No, but I never realized the depths.\" \"What depths?\" \"Just hearing you talk about money and having so little your whole life… it makes me feel bad for having what I did. Or rather, for taking it for granted.\" \"You never realized. Even if you had, what could you do? You were a kid through the worst of it – for me, not necessarily other people.\" \"Still, I should have realized when I came to New York. I've been oblivious and so focused on my own life. I should see how much worse off some other people are. I went into a panic losing one of my two jobs when there are some people who can't manage one.\" \"Calm down,\" Agatha said, placing a hand on Grace's arm. \"You're not oblivious. Don't you remember when we met? You ran up to me because you thought I was upset and wanted to help. I don't call that oblivious. Most people would have rushed passed me wanting to get away from the crazy person talking to herself.\" \"I guess.\" \"Then you offered to take me in.\" Grace rolled her eyes. \"I don't think it's considered taking you in when you pay half the rent.\" \"You didn't have to offer. One cup of coffee didn't make me any less a stranger to you. I wonder sometimes if you'd be better off with someone your own age.\" \"Aw, come on, Agatha. Not this again.\" \"It's the truth.\" \"I wasn't seeking out someone of a certain age. I was seeking out a decent person.\" \"You think I'm a decent person?\" \"Yeah? Why shouldn't I?\" Agatha shrugged. \"I don't know. No one has ever said that about me before.\" \"Well then, I guess there are some people more ignorant than I.\" Agatha smiled but felt too uncomfortable by the compliment to reply directly. Instead, she stopped and pointed to a pub across the street. \"Come on, I'm starved. I'm buying dinner. Whether you eat or not is your choice.\" . . . \"Oh, Grace… it's beautiful.\" Grace grinned later that evening as she watched Agatha admire the bracelet she bought her. \"You really like it?\" \"I love it! Thank you so much… but what's the occasion?\" \"I guess it's me trying to say thank you for being a good friend. I know I've been difficult the past couple days.\" \"Let's just forget about it, okay?\" \"All right… but you really like it?\" Agatha laughed. \"Yes, I really, really like it. How did you buy it without my noticing?\" \"You were somewhere else in the store. It's not the finest piece of jewelry, but I thought it had a nice shine.\" \"I love the pattern.\" She ran her finger over the bumps and ridges. \"I thought you might. I've seen you with a necklace with similar markings.\" \"They're gonna go great together!\" Agatha set her wrist down with one final glance before standing up. \"I was planning to wait until Christmas, but I was looking for an excuse to give this to you sooner…\" \"You got me something?\" Grace asked. \"Yeah, hold on.\" Agatha disappeared into her room, reappearing a minute later with her hands behind her back. \"It's not half as nice as the bracelet, but I hope you'll like it anyway. This wasn't going to be your only present, either. Just a small extra.\" \"I'm sure I'll love it.\" Agatha put her arm forward and handed Grace a small stuffed rabbit. \"It's so cute!\" Grace smiled. \"It's stupid, I know. I'm probably wrong, but you seem like the kind of person who likes these things. I also saw you looking in the pet shop window at the kittens. I would have gotten you a cat, but they only things I saw were bunnies and bears.\" \"Agatha, I love it.\" Standing up, she hugged her friend and then finished. \"You're right. I am that kind of person. I still have my old teddy bear and doll in my room.\" \"Really? I've never seen them.\" \"Because I keep it hidden. I didn't want you to think me strange.\" Agatha laughed. \"You need to relax. Do really think I have a right to think anyone is strange?\" \"How about this: I'll relax, and you let up on yourself. We have these conversations way too often.\" \"Yeah, okay. It's a deal.\"[Chapter 5] \"Grace, it's not going to fit. I told you as much all the way home.\" \"We just need to use a little more muscle.\" \"In case you haven't noticed, I'm skin and bones here. I might scrub floors for a living, but if I'm honest, I don't put any elbow grease into it.\" \"Come on, we can do it!\" Agatha rolled her eyes. \"Your pep is gettin' on my nerves today, you know that?\" \"It's not pep. Where's your holiday spirit?\" With one final yank, Grace pulled their Christmas tree through the door. Agatha trudged in behind it. \"It died about seven blocks back.\" By herself, Grace propped the tree up in the corner of the room before getting the stand. Taking a few steps back, she inhaled the pine scent and smiled. \"Wasn't it worth it though?\" \"No. And neither is the sap on my hands and coat.\" Grace brushed her off with a wave of her hand. \"You'll think otherwise once it's decorated.\" Slumping down in her chair, Agatha groaned. \"We mean now we gotta hang stuff on this monster?\" \"Fine, I will admit I may have misjudged the size and space, but it wouldn't be Christmas without a tree.\" \"I ain't had a Christmas tree since I was seven. I managed to survive.\" \"Yes,\" Grace said with sarcasm in her voice. \"I can see that it didn't have any effect on you at all.\" \"So I'm not nuts about Christmas. Big deal. It's all commercial anyway. What matters if having family around, right? That leaves me out. My only family is in jail.\" Smile lost, Grace said as she sat on the couch, \"Hey, my family isn't around here either. We'll have a great Christmas just you and me. It might not be extravagant, but it'll be nice to relax for a few of days. And anyways, you'll still be seeing your brother.\" \"Yeah,\" Agatha scoffed. \"Nothing says 'happy holidays' like prison.\" \"Don't think that way. It isn't ideal, but it can't be all bad.\" \"You'll see for yourself. That is if you still want to come and meet him.\" \"Of course I do. I feel as though I know him already with all that you've said about him.\" \"Then I'm surprised you're willing to go.\" \"Stop it. You speak well of him from time to time. To me, he sounds like a lost soul trying to get by however he can.\" Agatha had to laugh. \"That's one romantic way of saying he's a bum.\" \"I wasn't saying he's a bum.\" \"That's what he is, and that's what he has been since he was fourteen-years-old.\" Seeing this conversation wasn't heading in a good direction, Grace conceded. \"All right.\" She stood and walked over to the door. \"I'm going to go buy ornaments for the tree. You coming?\" \"Nah, I've been enough of a downer for one day.\" Grace stood a few more seconds, half expecting Agatha to change her mind. When she didn't move, Grace left, shutting the door behind her. Upon hearing the click of the latch, Agatha let out a long breath. How she hated this holiday. It was bad enough she had to see people on the street being extra cheerful, now she was living with one of Santa's elves. While she didn't want to ruin the joy for Grace, she didn't see herself able to pretend none of it bothered her. What did she have to be happy about? Here she was in her thirties, forced to share a small apartment with someone who wasn't a husband. As nice as Grace was, the situation didn't come without embarrassment. Her job was a dead end, not to mention boring and brought on back pains. Her only family member lived in a cell, and she had no promise of starting a family of her own. These thoughts were present all year round, but at Christmas, it became harder to ignore. When Grace first brought up prospects of celebrating, Agatha thought this year would be different. Alas, she sat alone in the apartment being mocked by a six and a half foot tree. Thanks to prohibition, she couldn't even enjoy her annual holiday blues trip to the bar. It wasn't often she drank, but right now she'd give anything for a sip. A little alcohol might help her be less bothered by the festivities. Alcohol. Another depressing thought. Christmas was difficult as a kid. Her father would have a week off work and spend every moment of it drunk. Her mother wasn't all too far behind. She hated it. Christmas morning didn't start until the afternoon. She remembered one Christmas in particular when Rooster was four-years-old. He, as most kids, woke with the sun and ran through the house to get everyone up as well. She tried to hush him, but he wouldn't quiet down. Their father must have been up and drinking all night long because he was drunk enough to give Rooster a beating. The day never felt the same after this year. By the time their parents were out of bed, he wanted nothing to do with what was under the tree. Every Christmas was ruined for him. He didn't wake up with excitement. As years went on, he couldn't remember why. Agatha didn't remind him. It was bad enough she had to remember. The moment that stood out against them all was when little Rooster came crying to her, asking why Santa bothered bringing a present for him if he was bad enough to be hit by his father. A tear ran down Agatha's cheek, which she brushed away in an instant. If Grace knew any of these stories, she would bring it up to Rooster without a doubt when they met. The last thing she needed was for Rooster to blow up on her only real friend. Already he wasn't too thrilled about meeting anyone as it was. A quick in and out, that's all she could risk. Grace meant well, but it was apparent there were some things she would not be able to understand unless she lived them herself. . . . By the time Grace returned, Agatha was in a slightly better place. Still, she passed on decorating the tree and made an excuse to run to the store before it closed. Fresh air would do her good. Grace knew something was bothering Agatha but wasn't sure she wanted to know what. Christmas had always been her favorite time of year. Selfishly, she didn't want to spoil it. She wished Agatha would pretend to be happy at least. Was that asking too much? This year wasn't going to be easy for her, either. This would be the first time she spent it without any family around, let alone the first Christmas away from her childhood home. She had reasons to be sad herself. Of course, she never could say so. It would make her sound petty. No matter what, Agatha had a harder life than she did. There was no changing it, nor did she wish to have a harder time. How could she stand before her and say she's struggling with anything? Agatha inspired her. She'd gone her whole life stepping up to the plate. While Grace wasn't intimidated by putting her nose to the grindstone, she hadn't found herself in the same dire situations. Alone, she decorated the tree. Only the radio sounded in the room aside from the jingle of ornaments. Homesickness set in for the first time since leaving Connecticut. How she'd gone this long without it was a mystery. She managed to keep busy the past months. Between moving, working, and adjusting to a new city, she had little time to think about home. Having a few days off worried her. She didn't want to spend them longing for something she couldn't have. Her parents were gone. Her brother had a life of his own… It was time to start new traditions. Yet, Agatha wasn't interested, it seemed. Maybe the issue wasn't with Agatha. Maybe it was herself. How many people her age got this excited about Christmas when there were no kids in the family? No one she encountered. Last Christmas didn't feel so bad even though it was the first without her father. With Deven still around and being in the old house, at least some things were familiar. Tonight it hit her. She was on her own. Having a friend close by didn't mean picking off where she left off. Until she started a family of her own, nothing would be the same as before. Even then wouldn't be identical. Her future husband would have traditions of his own to keep alive. And what about the kids? They could have lots or none at all. The ornament boxes empty, Grace took a few steps back to observe the tree. Pathetic, she thought. It wasn't the same without homemade ornaments. Those all went with Deven. The tree wasn't personal. It looked like something you'd see in a store window, but not a spectacular one. It could use another box or two of ornaments and another strand of garland. A star was missing from the top. Not much was left so close to the holiday. Besides, she'd gone over her budget enough as it was. What she had would have looked nice on a smaller tree. She wished she had listened to Agatha's pleas. She cleared away the boxes, storing them in the hall closet. Next, she swept the fallen pine needles and finished by putting the tree skirt she knitted around the trunk. The room felt a tad homier, but the people were missing. There was no laughter or love. It was her and no one else, wondering where Agatha really went and what would happen when she came back. Grace walked over to the shelf in the middle of the two living room windows where she kept a picture of her parents. Picking it up, she ran her fingertips over the glass. Her hands started shaking as they moved. Crying didn't feel like an option right now. Not because she wanted to convince herself she was strong, but rather she knew for how long she hadn't missed them with this amount of emotion, she'd be making up for it as soon as the tears began to fall. \"I'm back,\" Agatha said with little enthusiasm a couple minutes later. \"I picked up that peppermint tea ya' like. I'm going to make some for myself. You want a cup?\" Agatha was so focused on continuing the day as normal that she didn't notice Grace kept her back to her as she stood still by the windows with the picture frame in hand. \"Sure,\" Grace said, voice weak and dry. Agatha remained oblivious. \"Place looks good.\" It did, she wasn't Scrooge per se. \"You work fast.\" Grace nodded, which Agatha didn't see, as she set the photograph back on the shelf. \"You're awfully quiet.\" She tried to sound natural, but she couldn't help the hint of worry that slipped through. Knowing it was audible, she added, \"I know I got kinda distant… this is a weird time of year for me. I'm not used to celebrating anymore. I haven't had a need. I didn't mean to spoil your fun. I'm sorry I left the decorating to you. I just… needed some time. I'm feeling better now. Think you can forgive me?\" \"Yeah,\" Grace whispered, eyes focused on a stray pine needle she missed when sweeping. Her feet wanted to move, but they didn't know where to. \"You're still mad…\" \"No, I'm not mad.\" \"Then what's the matter?\" \"Just thinking back on some things.\" Deciding to move to her room, she finished, \"I'll be out in a little while.\" \"What about your tea?\" Agatha asked. Her time-window to privacy was up. Then and there, Grace broke down into tears, having to reach out to the bookcase between the bedroom doors for balance. Agatha panicked. \"Oh… no. Gosh Grace, what did I say?\" She rushed to her friend's side and grabbed hold of her arm. Hiding her face against her other shoulder, Grace said, \"It's not you.\" \"Then what is it?\" \"I miss my parents, okay?\" She pulled her arm away. \"I'll get over it in a little while.\" \"Oh… I'm sorry… is there anything I can do?\" \"No. I just need to be alone for a little while.\" With this, she closed her door with a soft click. . . . Agatha waited around in the living room. She felt bad and wondered if she might not have thought about them had she not left her alone. At this point in her own life, the mourning of her parents was long done. Then again, from what she knew, Grace had more to mourn than she ever did. Agatha never mourned her father. As far as she was concerned, she lost him when she was two-years-old. As for her mother, there was a lot more relief than pain. Any mourning was for what could have been instead of what was. Eventually, Agatha nodded off listening to the radio. When she woke, the clock read a few minutes before 10 PM. Everything was as she left it, meaning Grace had yet to open her door. She felt worried. She'd never seen Grace cry before, at least not in this way. She always appeared so put together. Sure, she got upset over silly things now and then, maybe a tear would show, but it seemed as though she was having a nervous breakdown. Part of her knew she should let Grace be, but the stronger part needed to check on her and see if she was okay. Normally, she'd assume Grace was stable and would work things out on her own, but the look she saw in her eyes caused alarm. She didn't knock, but she didn't mind any noise she made. The lights were off, so she reached for the switch to the right of her. \"Grace?\" She could tell Grace hadn't been asleep, but she pretended to wake up with a yawn. \"Yeah?\" she said after a few seconds. \"How are ya'?\" \"Fine.\" \"I was… worried about you.\" Agatha looked down at her feet. \"Thanks… I'm sorry you had to be around for that.\" \"What brought it on?\" Sitting up, Grace answered, \"Everything hit me, that's all. I realized from here on out I can never relive some of my favorite memories. I've been so focused on settling down in New York. I ignored most of my thoughts about my family. I didn't have time for them. It wasn't too hard. Decorating the tree made me think of when we'd all do it together. Even when it was just me and my dad we would hum Christmas carols. Always off key on his part. I'd run back and forth between the living room and the kitchen because I'd be baking something, usually cookies. I know it's pointless to focus on what you don't have, but Christmas was special to us.\" Agatha wasn't sure how to respond. Grace's life was a fluffy children's book compared to hers. Without mentioning her rotten memories, she didn't know how to console her. \"It's your first Christmas away from home,\" she ended up saying. \"By next year you'll probably feel better.\" \"I guess so,\" Grace sniffed. \"I hope so.\" \"I'm impressed you managed this long by the sounds of how close to them you were.\" \"My mother's been gone long enough that it's not making much difference. I miss my father, and I miss my old home.\" \"I don't know how to fix that.\" \"You can't. It's something I have to deal with on my own. I wish I hadn't brought you into it.\" \"You didn't. I know about rough times.\" \"I wish I was as strong as you. I can fake it all right, but I have a tendency to collapse every so often.\" \"I think most people do.\" Agatha moved to sit at the foot of the bed, putting her knee up in order to be facing Grace. \"I haven't been so put together today, either.\" \"What do you mean?\" \"You got sadness, I got anger.\" \"Anger? What are you angry about?\" \"Nothing. You don't need to hear my whining right now.\" \"No, it's okay. I've done enough of my own for one day. What's the matter?\" Agatha shrugged. \"There's not much explanation. Christmas wasn't a happy time in my house growing up. Now, I associate this entire month with all the crap that went on. My dad was home, my mom was drunk as was my dad, Rooster was sad, I was mad. Pretty open and shut.\" \"Agatha… I'm so sorry.\" \"Don't be. It is what it is. Until now, I haven't had anyone to share it with.\" \"What about when it was just you and Rooster?\" \"He hated Christmas, too. We were fine not acknowledging it. We didn't exchange gifts or anything. The most significant thing we did was have a big dinner. Or bigger than usual. At the beginning of every fall, we'd put some coins away for Thanksgiving and Christmas dinners. Those were enjoyable enough. It was all we needed. I guess with all this I didn't handle your happiness around it well.\" \"I think I was kidding myself. I mean, I am happy. I love the first snows and decorating the house and the warmth between people, but I tried too hard. I didn't want to admit that something was lost.\" \"We both gotta adjust, it sounds like.\" \"I suppose I can try and cut the tree down a bit so it won't take up the entire living room.\" Agatha shook her head. \"It's here. Just leave it. We'll be getting rid of it after the first of the year anyway.\" Grace looked to the side. Noticing her guilt, Agatha asked, \"We're not getting rid of it after the first of the year?\" \"We always… well, never mind. The first of the year is fine.\" \"Don't tell me, you kept it up until spring?\" she half-joked. With a slight smile, Grace said, \"Not quite. My mother liked keeping it up for the 12 days of Christmas. We took it down near the end of the first week in January.\" \"Next year, assuming we'll have one that fits through the door.\" \"Fair enough.\" \"I'll try and find some good things about Christmas.\" \"And I'll try not to go overboard with everything.\" \"Although… I would be okay with those cookies you mentioned.\" Agatha winked. \"I was planning on making some tomorrow,\" Grace chuckled. Moving back to her feet, Agatha said, \"I think I'll head off to bed.\" \"Wait, Agatha, there's one more thing I wanted to ask you.\" \"Yeah?\" \"My friend Susan from work is having a small party on Christmas Eve. I asked if it was okay for me to invite you and she said yes, but I understand if you don't want to go. It's a potluck, so it will be dinner and dessert. That's it as far as I know.\" \"Gee, I don't know, Grace… I'd feel strange. I don't know her or anyone else who's going to be there.\" \"Sure you know her. You've met her a couple times when you've come to the bakery. You've also met James, the owner, and his wife, Sally.\" \"Meeting people once or twice doesn't mean I know them. I don't know, I gotta think about it.\" \"All right, just let me know.\" Grace hid her disappointment. Another long discussion didn't need to happen at this hour. She really did understand. Were the situations reversed, she might be saying the same. So Grace didn't bring it up again. Afraid to put any pressure on Agatha, she went about her preparations on the morning of the 24th as though she was preparing an early dinner. For the party, she decided to bring a beef stew. Truth be told, she wasn't the greatest cook in the world. She got by with a few good dishes, but when worrying about whether or not people would like what she made or not, she decided a soup was the safest route. Agatha went out in the morning to run some errands before the stores closed for the holiday and came home while the stew was beginning to simmer. Grace hoped cooking before noon would be the gentle reminder Agatha needed. However, after giving her compliments to the warm and savory smell, she went to her room to gather her clothes for the laundry. This left Grace to the assumption that she would be spending the evening at home. Guilt set in. Should she stay home with her? Agatha said herself she'd spent Christmas alone the past several years. Now that she didn't have to, shouldn't they spend it together? The party wouldn't run too late. She knew for sure that her boss' family would be leaving early to meet their family. While Susan lived alone, she assumed she would be going somewhere tomorrow. It would have been great for Agatha to come along. Over the past several months, Grace couldn't help but notice Agatha didn't spend any time with friends. No one came over for dinner, and she never spoke of going out for coffee or meeting up with someone. Rarely, she'd address someone in a story as 'a friend from work', but knew nobody by name. Susan was a few years younger than Agatha, but it seemed as though the two would hit it off well. Susan also came from a life of hard work, they enjoyed the same radio shows, and they both spoke with a similar accent. It wasn't much to go on, but it was a start. If she could help Agatha meet people she would. That's not to say Grace had a fleet or friends herself, but she had a couple she'd see shows and movies with, and a few other acquaintances. At 3 o'clock, Grace set the stove to warm and let the last bit of simmering finish while she got ready. It wasn't s formal affair, but she wore the same Christmas dress as she had the previous year. Aside from feeling bad leaving Agatha, she was thankful to be going to a group of people today. It might not be the same as having her family around that it would be sort of like old times. She couldn't remember the last big dinner she'd shared. After throwing on a sweater and adding a string of pearls to the ensemble, she went back into the kitchen and added some final seasoning to the pot. Agatha, who had since gone out again, came through the door and once again complimented the aroma. \"I can't wait to try some of that.\" Without much thought, Grace replied, \"I was just about to set aside a bowl for you now. I'm afraid I didn't make enough. I should have added more water after cooking the meat.\" \"You're not having dinner here with me?\" Glancing back at her as she walked over to the cupboard, she said, \"I'm going to Susan's tonight, remember?\" \"Oh…\" Agatha said quietly. \"I forgot. Or I guess I thought that was tomorrow.\" \"I'm sorry… it's tonight.\" \"You never mentioned it again.\" \"I know I didn't. I didn't want you to think I was pressuring you or anything.\" She continued dishing the soup into a bowl, finishing by asking, \"Do you want this now or later?\" \"Um, later. I guess.\" \"Is this going to be okay?\" Grace then asked, going back to the bigger topic. \"I'd hate to leave if you had something planned.\" \"No, nothing planned.\" \"I'm not convinced.\" \"Really, it's fine. I only got a loaf of bread here. Thought it might go good with the stew.\" Grace's stomach knotted. \"I am so, so sorry.\" Agatha waved her hand. \"Don't worry about it. It'll keep.\" \"Or… you could bring it to the party?\" \"I don't know, Grace. I don't like parties. I never know what to do with myself, even when I know other people there. I'm gonna stick out. I have nothing to wear.\" \"Why not that blue dress you have?\" \"I don't like that one. It itches.\" \"Then why do you hang onto it?\" \"For special occasions.\" \"This might be considered an occasion?\" Agatha rolled her eyes. \"Grace, please…\" \"Okay. I said you didn't have to go and you don't have to. Unfortunately, I can't cancel altogether. I already said I'd bring the stew. I can leave after an hour or two. I'll come back here and we'll eat together.\" \"Don't be silly. You will have already eaten at the party.\" \"I'll save room,\" Grace said. \"Grace, go. I promise you I'm not upset.\" \"But I am. I want to spend Christmas with you.\" \"Technically, tomorrow is Christmas.\" \"Christmas Eve is part of it.\" Agatha sighed. \"You know Christmas isn't important to me. I have plenty to do here.\" \"That's what makes me feel lousy. I should be here to show you that Christmas doesn't have to be difficult, and yet I'm leaving to spend it with other people.\" \"Goodness, Grace, let it go. If I had an issue with it I would say so. Now would you please just go? I'll see you tonight.\" Head down, Grace said, \"Okay… I'll see you later.\" All while they spoke, Grace held the bowl of soup in her hands. After searching for a cover, she put it away in the refrigerator. Agatha remained in her spot for a few seconds before she went to her room, nearly slamming the door. Why do I try? Grace thought. It was obviously hopeless. She wasn't going to win anything with Agatha until the first of the year. She hurried to secure the pot for travel, touched up her makeup, and left without calling back to Agatha. Maybe their issue was they'd been spending too much time together. Bickering had become commonplace between them in recent weeks. Reasons were unknown, aside from their different personalities. Personally, that wasn't what was bothersome about Agatha's disposition. It was her stubbornness and underlying negativity. Then again, if it was her own stubbornness mixed with attempted positivity bothering Agatha, then it would be a matter of clashing personalities. As Grace was about to turn the corner at the end of the street, she heard footsteps coming up behind her. \"Wait!\" She turned around to see Agatha in the itchy blue dress and carrying the loaf of bread. \"What is it?\" \"I changed my mind…\" Agatha said in between pants. \"I'm gonna come.\" Embarrassment lingering from the kitchen, yet aware that she was running late to the party, Grace asked as she took a few slow steps, \"What made you change your mind?\" \"I snapped at you again, so I owe you.\" \"You don't owe me every time you lose your temper.\" \"But it happens so often.\" \"Do I owe you every time I do something that bothers you?\" \"…No. But it's different.\" \"Why?\" Grace asked. \"Because… I don't know.\" \"See?\" She stopped walking. \"I appreciate the gesture, but if you're uncomfortable, you don't need to come. Like I said, I don't have to stay long.\" \"I'll come,\" Agatha said, nerves evident in her tone. \"But if they don't like me, I'm leaving and I'm never going to another one of your parties again.\" Grace laughed. \"If they don't like you, I 'll leave. But I know that won't be the case.\" \"I'll bet you a nickel.\" \"You're on.\"[Chapter 6] Much to Agatha's surprise and Grace's delight, Agatha got along quite well with the group from the bakery. Whether or not new friendships were formed neither of them knew. Grace decided it didn't matter. Agatha enjoyed a Christmas celebration for the first time ever from the sounds of it. A smile remained on her face since they all sat down for dinner. She heard her laughing along with Susan and a couple of her friends and again later with the owner of the bakery. All in all, it was a splendid evening that lifted them from their recent funks. \"I have to thank you, Grace,\" Agatha said as the approached their apartment. \"I can't remember the last time I enjoyed myself his much with a group of people.\" \"It was nice,\" Grace smiled. \"But do you think they really liked me?\" \"Absolutely!\" \"I mean, I guess you won't be really sure until you get back to work and talk to them.\" Swatting Agatha's arm, Grace said, \"Knock it off. I'm pretty good at reading people and I guarantee you nobody was rolling their eyes. If anything, they were annoyed with Mr. and Mrs. Abram's son.\" Agatha scoffed. \"What a brat he was.\" \"…I was going to say energetic.\" \"No, no. Energetic is squirming around and skittering from room to room. That kid was a brat. He was rude and disrespectful and the parents let him get away with it. I found that strange, though. They seem like nice people.\" \"I guess they spoil him since he's their only child.\" By now they were inside the building and approaching their door. Agatha, who was a few steps ahead of Grace, reached for the doorknob. \"I thought they had two kids? Who was that other girl there?\" \"I believe it was Susan's niece.\" \"I liked her. She was quiet.\" \"I don't know if I hope for your sake or theirs that your future children perfectly behave.\" Both laughed, and then their attentions were broken as they walked through the door. They jumped a mile when they saw shadows standing by the tree. In a panic, Agatha reached for a nearby umbrella for defense while Grace flipped the lights on. \"Deven!\" Grace cried the instant she saw her brother's face. \"Surprise!\" Running over to hug him, Grace said, \"What on earth are you doing here? You wrote saying you were spending Christmas with Leia's family.\" Upon mentioning her name, Grace turned to hug her sister-in-law, nieces, and nephew who were also standing in the living room. \"I lied.\" Agatha remained by the door, still holding the umbrella at her side. All of a sudden she felt like a stranger in her own home. Grace and her family got to catching up instantly. No one noticed her aside from the youngest of three children, a little girl who looked almost threatened by her. Of course, she thought, there had to be children. A few minutes later, Grace finally acknowledged Agatha, who felt dumb for not having moved. Walking over to her, she took her arm and led her into the living room. \"Everyone,\" she started. \"This is my friend, Agatha Hannigan.\" Deven stepped forward with his hand extended. \"It's wonderful to finally meet you. Grace has told us so much.\" \"Good things I hope?\" The three other adults laughed, and then Deven said, \"Of course.\" Agatha did her best to join in the laughter, but her statement had too much truth to it to be funny. \"I've heard good things about you, as well.\" \"I do wish you had given me some warning, though,\" Grace said, changing the subject while Agatha shook hands with the others. \"As you can see, we don't have much space. You and Leia can take my room, of course, and I'm sure we can work something out for the kids here in the living room.\" \"Don't worry about it, we saw a hotel not too far from here. Staying there will be no trouble,\" Leia said. \"Nonsense. Most places are booked for the next few days. And besides, it would defeat the purpose of a visit. I think there are some cots in the basement. I can go check in a bit.\" \"Don't go through too much trouble. Rosie,\" Deven said, taking his four-year-old daughter's hand, \"will end up with us anyway. Matthew and Lindsey can make do anywhere. You have to have a place to sleep yourself.\" \"I'm fine. I'll figure something out. I'm just so glad you're all here.\" Once again, Agatha was left on her own as the conversation turned into tea. To give herself something to do, she took over preparing the cups so Grace could visit. She poured some juice for the kids and made a peanut butter sandwich upon Lindsey's request. While Agatha had barely said two sentences to any of them, she knew she liked the middle daughter the best. She looked just as bored as Agatha was feeling, and she opted to eat her snack in the kitchen to keep Agatha company while she cleaned up. Not much was said for a while, which Agatha was fine with, but soon Lindsey struck up a conversation. \"Not used to house guests, huh?\" \"Huh?\" Agatha replied, pretending to be distracted. \"Usually adults save all the cleaning until later when there's company. All they care about is talking.\" Agatha shrugged. \"Your folks came to visit Grace, not me.\" \"My mum talked all the way here about getting to meet you.\" \"Why is that?\" \"She loves meeting people,\" Lindsey said. \"Auntie Grace wrote in her letters that you've had such an interesting life.\" Again, Agatha shrugged. \"I guess you can say that.\" \"You don't think so?\" \"No, but then again I lived it. I don't know why Grace is so impressed.\" Finished now with her sandwich, Lindsey stood up from her seat and brought her dish and glass to the sink. She spoke as she reached for the sponge in Agatha's hand. \"Da' has said that Auntie Grace wanted to live in the city since she was younger than me. I think she was bored in Connecticut.\" \"How old are you, anyway?\" Agatha asked. \"I turned thirteen last month.\" \"Wow… are you short for your age?\" \"…No?\" Agatha sighed, \"You're right, that was a pathetic attempt to change the subject.\" \"Did I say something wrong?\" \"No, no,\" Agatha corrected. \"I'm just not… used to talking to kids.\" \"It's okay. I can go back to being quiet.\" Holding up her cleaned dishes, Lindsey asked, \"Where do I put these?\" \"I'll take them.\" \"Is it okay if I still sit out here with you? I brought a book with me to keep busy.\" \"Yeah, uh, sure. If you want. Don't you want to be visiting with your aunt, though? You don't know who the he…ck I am.\" \"She's busy talking to my parents. They always want to catch up on everything first. I'll be able to spend time with her tomorrow and the next couple of days.\" \"Well, what about playing with your brother and sister?\" Lindsey shook her head as she took her seat again. \"Matthew only plays ball or silly games with Rosie, and Rosie is too grumpy from the train ride. She'll just fuss and whine until she falls asleep.\" \"I can relate,\" Agatha tried to joke, winning a grin from Lindsey. . . . Bedtime came within the next hour. Agatha offered her room to Lindsey as a subconscious 'thank you' for giving her any kind of recognition. After a short back and forth between declining and insisting, Lindsey conceded and ended up sharing with Matthew, who took the floor in there to leave Grace and Agatha the living room. Grace didn't bother with the cellar and the cots seeing as her family was relatively comfortable. Matthew insisted on the floor after a couple more offers. He planned to enlist in the military soon, so he took these opportunities as practice sleeping anywhere. Lastly, Grace insisted Agatha take the couch as these change of plans came all of a sudden. \"I'm so sorry,\" Grace said in a low voice as she threw a blanket over the chair. \"I know this is unfair to you. I honestly had no idea they were coming. The last time he pulled a surprise visit like this was on Easter a few years back.\" \"Don't worry about it. I'll admit I was surprised and nervous, but your niece was very sweet.\" \"Lindsey?\" \"Yeah. I don't know why she decided to waste her time with me, but it was sweet.\" Grace rolled her eyes, ignoring the negative comment. \"She's a good kid. She's always been talkative and quite clever. She's top of her class, you know.\" \"Doesn't surprise me.\" \"I hope she didn't get in your way,\" Grace then said with a changing of tone. \"Come tomorrow at least she and Rosie will be distracted with their gifts.\" \"It will be interesting to see a real Christmas morning.\" \"You're going to love it,\" Grace smiled. Agatha shrugged as she buried herself under her blanket. \"Really, you are.\" \"Honestly, Grace, I don't have feelings either way about it.\" \"Well, hopefully, your mind will be changed.\" \"Why is it so important to you that I enjoy Christmas? I don't mean that in a snotty way, but I'm curious.\" Grace blushed. \"I don't know… I just want you to know how wonderful it can be.\" \"I'm sure it can be. But see, your family was religious. I don't know what my parents believed if anything at all. I'm sure that difference shapes both of our attitude towards the day.\" \"I didn't think of that…\" \"You don't have to look so sad. We're just different.\" Grace settled herself in the chair and leaned her head back. \"I guess that isn't a bad thing.\" \"Hey…\" Agatha said. \"I'm happy that you're getting the Christmas you wanted.\" With a half-smile, Grace said, \"Thanks… and you're really okay with all of this?\" \"Like it said, I don't have many feelings toward it. I just hope your brother and sister-in-law don't think I was intentionally snubbing them.\" \"I was meaning to ask why you didn't come sit with us. They wanted to meet you beyond a short hello.\" \"I don't know,\" Agatha shrugged. \"It didn't look like anyone missed me. Besides, what do I have to contribute to a conversation with them? Like I told Lindsey, they're here to see you.\" \"That doesn't mean they can't come to know you in the process.\" \"Frankly, I've met enough people for one day. I was lucky enough to make a decent first impression at the party, let's not tempt fate with your family.\" \"You made a fine impression both times.\" \"I'll try again tomorrow.\" \"They're going to love you.\" Humoring Grace with a nod, Agatha nestled her head against her pillow and shut her eyes. She was more interested in getting through the day without some sort of mishap. After all, how could she expect Deven and Leia to think highly of her when she has to announce she's leaving to go to the jail? A big part of her hoped they all would be exhausted from travel and sleep in long enough for her and Grace to sneak off to see Rooster before they moved out into the living room. The visit didn't have to be long. She just wanted to see a familiar face, even if it was Rooster's. . . . Morning came, and to Agatha's dismay, she was not the first to wake. Rosie, who was three times more vocal than she had been the night before, woke long before the sun was up. Though she didn't leave Grace's room until around 6 AM, her chattering sounded through the rest of the house, along with her parents' shushes. When Rosie squealed and ran to the Christmas tree, it was no use to anyone pretending they hadn't heard. Grace got up and made the coffee with help from Leia. Deven stayed in the living room to keep an eye on Rosie, making sure she didn't open any presents yet. Agatha put her and Grace's blankets and pillows away, but that only took up so much time. After she was finished, she roamed around the room looking for something to do. Everyone was in their pajamas which felt strange. She wanted to get dressed but also didn't want to stand out more than she already did. At 7, gift opening began. For a while, Agatha sat with the Farrell Family. Grace gave Agatha her present early on and vice versa. After that, she went back to her former status of being an extra lump in the room. Not even Lindsey looked over to her. She was enthused with her new set of art supplies. Time dragged on. It felt like hours before 9 AM hit. Rooster was expecting her and Grace between 9:30 and 10 and it took half an hour to get there. Grace was talking to Matthew when she looked over. Maybe she'd be free in a few minutes. Sneaking off to her room to change wasn't difficult. She hadn't spoken to anyone since she and Leia started the roast for dinner. When she was dressed and ready to go, Agatha saw Grace was no longer talking to anyone in particular. Rushing over to her seat, she said as she crouched down, \"Hey, Grace… can I talk to you in the kitchen for a minute.\" \"Yeah,\" Grace said. \"In a few minutes.\" \"…it won't take long.\" \"We're about to look at the photos of the new renovations of their house.\" \"I can't wait that long.\" \"Agatha, please…\" \"You know what? Fine.\" Agatha stood without another look from Grace. She grabbed her coat and purse, looked back to see if anyone noticed, which, of course, they didn't, and then left. It became clear that Grace wanted to meet Rooster because there was nothing better to do. Now that her family was here, it didn't matter what other people wanted to do. Agatha hadn't minded humoring her at first, but why did she have to give up the one thing she had planned for the day? In the end, it didn't matter. Grace wasn't going to dictate the rest of her day. Seeing Rooster would be refreshing for once. Hopefully, the guards would be generous with visiting time today. \"Hey Sis, Merry Christmas, I guess.\" \"Yeah. You, too.\" \"Where's your friend? I thought she was coming. Let me guess, she chickened out the minute she saw the building.\" \"I don't want to talk about her,\" Agatha said as she took her seat. \"So I'm right?\" \"No, she didn't even notice I left the house. She's too busy with her family. They surprised her last night.\" \"So?\" \"So, it doesn't mean she has to ignore me. I tried to remind her before I left, but she pretty much told me to leave her alone.\" \"Sorry to hear that, Aggie.\" \"Ah, who needs her? She probably would have driven you crazy anyway.\" \"Probably,\" Rooster nudged her, \"but most people do.\" Agatha grinned for a moment, then it slipped away. \"Still, I was sorta excited for her to meet you.\" \"Why?\" \"I dunno. I just was.\" With a sigh, she asked, \"Do you think I can stay for a while? It's too crowded at the apartment.\" \"Come off it. You can't complain about crowding to me. Look around — this is crowded.\" \"Sure, but at least it isn't your own home. I'll betcha no one has even noticed I'm missing.\" Rooster rolled his eyes. \"Look, from what you say about this dame, she seems like a good friend. At least better than anyone you or me ever knew. Don't blow this.\" \"How do you think I'm going to blow it? Grace is the one ignoring me. How is this my fault?\" \"Chill out,\" Rooster said with his arms up. \"I didn't say it was. But I know you, and I know your temper. I don't want you to lose it on her.\" \"When have I ever lost it?\" \"Please,\" he scoffed. \"I remember the first time I was caught stealing from that market. You screamed at me so loud the birds flew out of the trees.\" \"That was completely different. You were a teenager and brought to my door by police. You were missing for three days before that, and you didn't call me from the prison. I was a bit under pressure.\" \"I didn't call you because I knew I'd got off.\" Holding her finger up, Agatha warned, \"I am not having this argument again.\" \"I'm just trying to help ya', sis. All I've heard for months is how much happier you've been. Let's face it, you're not the easiest person to live with. You gotta know this. Consider yourself lucky to have found someone patient enough to put up with your moods.\" \"Hey, I've earned the right to be moody.\" \"Maybe, but it don't mean anyone else is gonna see it the same way.\" Agatha sighed. He was right… how annoying. \"What else could I expect from today? Nothing good ever comes from it. I hate every minute.\" \"When does her family leave?\" \"A few days, I think. Gosh, I hope sooner.\" \"You can come see me again. We can hate it together. Also, I need more cigarettes. You didn't bring any, did 'ya?\" \"No, sorry. I was in such a rush to get here, I barely remembered to bring bus fare.\" \"Then you better get your ass back tomorrow. This afternoon would be even better.\" \"Works for me. Any excuse to get out of the house.\" \"You can get back at her when I'm outta here in a few months. I'm gonna need a place to crash.\" \"As much as I love the idea bringing mayhem into Grace's life right now, there is no way I'm letting you sleep under the same roof as her.\" Leaning back, Rooster crooned, \"Ooh, she's that pretty, huh?\" \"Don't you think about it!\" \"Ah, come on, what's the worst that could happen?\" \"Do you want me to write out a detailed list or should I just name the obvious aloud?\" \"Very funny.\" \"I don't want to think about this anymore.\" Agatha reached into her purse and pulled out a deck of cards. \"How 'bout a few games?\" \"Now you're talking.\"[Chapter 7] Agatha returned to the apartment a few hours later. Walking through the door, she was greeted by silence and stares from most of the Farrells. Sure, now they notice. \"Hi…?\" Grace rose to her feet and rushed over to hug Agatha. \"Where on earth have you been?!\" Agatha patted her back, confused. \"Visiting Rooster?\" \"Why didn't you tell us you were leaving? I was so worried.\" \"I tried to talk to you but you weren't interested. By the way, Rooster says he hopes you'll be able to meet him some other time.\" When she finished, she moved away and started toward her room. Grace remained back, trying to figure out what she meant. When the realization hit, she covered her mouth and began to follow. \"Oh no… Agatha, I am so sorry. It completely slipped my mind.\" \"Forget about it.\" \"No, I really am sorry. Please, let me make it up to you somehow.\" \"Forget about it, Grace.\" Agatha swung around to look at her now. \"I get it. Your family is here now. I'm just getting underfoot and that's fine. I'll be out of your hair again soon. I only stopped home to change and make a sandwich.\" The changing part was a lie, but it gave her an excuse to hide in her room for a few minutes. \"Is that really what you think?\" \"I don't have to think. You've made it pretty clear.\" Grace looked over her shoulder to see all eyes on them. Lowering her voice, she turned to Agatha again. \"Can we talk in the other room?\" \"Don't have time,\" Agatha answered, attempting to reference the brush off she'd received before leaving to see Rooster that morning. Grace let Agatha go into her room without saying anything else. Face red, she turned back to the others in the room, giving a small apology, and attempting to go on as if nothing had happened. . . . Agatha stayed in her room for no more than ten minutes. Any longer and she would have had to explain herself to the others. Another confrontation wasn't on her list for today. People looked up at her when her door opened. She avoided any eye contact, except for Rosie who ran up to her. Unsure of what to say or how to respond, Agatha simply reached her hand out and patted the little girl's head and kept walking. Five more minutes passed, and she was out the door once again with lunch in hand. She didn't go to see Rooster right away. She stopped and got his cigarettes and then walked for a while. No place in particular was in mind. Despite the frigid temperature, the air was nice. She hadn't realized how long she'd spent inside during her time off. Not to say that she worked in a nice open place, but even in the winter, she'd throw the windows open when using strong cleaning solutions. What a wretched job it was after so long… at least it paid the bills. Still, it didn't stop her from keeping her eye out for jobs listed in the paper. The only thing she refused to do was to go back to waitressing. Nothing was worse than dealing with rude customers night after night. Dirty toilets were more pleasant than some people. Sure, she could try being hired by a classy joint where she had to get all dolled up just to bring people their over-priced hors d'oeuvres, but who would want a ratty mess like her? She wasn't even good enough to impress the ordinary Farrells. For the life of her, Agatha couldn't understand why she cared so much. She wasn't looking to be friends with any of them. Approval was fine enough. This wasn't the issue, she didn't feel as though they looked at her with disgust. The thing was that they barely gave her any attention. A selfish thought considering they didn't come to see her, they came to see their relative. But would it have been so hard to help her join into a conversation? Yes, Grace said they wanted to get to know her, but she of all people should know that she had a certain shyness. It wasn't like Grace who had trouble talking to strangers and brand new acquaintances, just the opposite. Talking to strangers was no sweat. When it came to talking to people for an extended period time in a more personal setting? That's when she began freezing up. A couple hours later walking up to the prison, she spotted a notice saying that the visiting hours were temporarily extended for the holidays. That's when it hit her. No matter how many friends she had, no matter how much better her life was nowadays when it came down to it, she still had no better place to be on this seemingly special day than playing card games with her brother in jail. . . . Grace watched the clock all afternoon, wondering when Agatha would be back. Everyone else pushed the unpleasantness aside, why couldn't she? Every time she found herself thinking the question, she realized what a dumb one it was. Everything Agatha said was true and it made her feel guilty. At least, the actions appeared that way. Of course, it wasn't her intention. The plans changed so quickly. In her excitement, she could see how she left Agatha hanging. Her attempts to create the perfect Christmas grew out of control. Why couldn't she have let things go on naturally? Right from the start she set the bar too high. The big tree, the Christmas party… the 'perfect' Christmas morning meant nothing to Agatha. What meant the most to her was bringing her to meet Rooster and she let her down. While she did forget of the set time, she was still aware that one part of the day would be spent with him. She figured it could wait. It wasn't as though he had other plans for the day. And that's when she heard herself. That's when she realize how self-centered she was. Had she known about her brother's visit, would she have cared so much if Agatha experienced a traditional Christmas? Did she really do it for Agatha's sake, or was it for her own? Grace was glad when it came time to go to church. Apparently she hadn't been paying enough attention because she never imagined herself capable of such disregard for another human being. . . . . Agatha arrived home long after dark. The kids were in bed aside from Matthew, who was reading in the kitchen, and the adults sat in the living room drinking tea. Seeing her bedroom door closed was disheartening. Now she was forced to put on the expected happy face and sit with the others, unless she wanted to sit with Matthew or fumble around in the kitchen again like she had with Lindsey. \"You're home late,\" Grace said, at a loss for any better phrase. \"Yeah. I got a late dinner.\" \"That's too bad,\" Deven said. \"We saved you some of the roast.\" \"Oh,\" Agatha replied, hanging her coat up and then moving to the furthest possible seat. \"Thank you. It'll be good tomorrow.\" \"Do you want a cup of tea?\" Leia offered. \"I'm fine, thanks.\" After a few moments, Agatha stood up. \"Is Lindsey asleep yet? I left my nightgown in my room this morning.\" \"I'm not sure,\" Leia answered. \"No worries if she is. She'll sleep through anything.\" \"Thanks.\" Agatha left the group and carefully opened her door. When she did, she saw the light was on and saw Lindsey laying on her stomach at the foot of the bed and writing in her journal. \"Oh,\" Agatha said, taking a step back. \"I'm sorry. I would have knocked if I realized you were awake.\" Lindsey smiled. \"It's okay. It's your room.\" Agatha shrugged and went over to her dresser. \"You missed dinner.\" \"I know, I was with my brother.\" \"Why didn't you invite him over here? We don't bite.\" Unsure of how to answer, Agatha shrugged again. \"He doesn't get out much.\" Sensing Agatha didn't want to talk, Lindsey nodded and looked down at her pages. \"Okay, just wondering.\" Agatha was about to leave but found herself turning back to the girl. \"Did Grace say anything about what happened earlier?\" \"What? Your thing at lunch?\" Agatha nodded. \"Not really. She was sad for a while.\" \"Oh. Okay. That's good.\" \"May I ask what happened? I know it's none of my business… I feel bad for putting you out.\" \"It's not your fault.\" \"My parents?\" \"It's not theirs. It's not Grace's either. You just happened to catch me at a bad time of year. I'm not into the whole 'jolly holiday' thing.\" \"Why not?\" Agatha laughed. \"It's a long and boring story. You don't want to hear about it, believe me.\" \"Ah, well.\" \"I guess I better be getting back out there. Your folks aren't mad at me or anything, are they? About earlier?\" \"No, they feel bad, though. We all do. We didn't mean to ignore you.\" Warmth came over Agatha's cheeks, causing her to look down at the floor. \"I could have overreacted. I don't know why. It's not that important to me. Guess it brings me back to other things that aren't even related. I was excited about Grace meeting my brother, though. I know there are other times, but today would have been more pleasant… Oh gosh, listen to me. Rambling like an idiot to a kid.\" \"I'm not a kid,\" Lindsey said, finally sitting up. \"When you're my age, everybody under 20 is a kid.\" Lindsey smiled. \"As long as you don't see me as Rosie's age, I suppose I can live with it.\" \"No worries… you know, if more kids were like you, I think I'd actually like them.\" \"A lot of them are. Adults just don't take the time to talk to them a lot of times. Outside of the family I mean.\" \"To tell you the truth, I'm usually one of those adults. Had I not been so bored I would have expected you to be a brat.\" \"Nope, that would be Rosie.\" Lindsey grinned wide, rather pleased with her joke. Agatha laughed louder than intended. \"I won't tell your parents you said that.\" \"They gotta know.\" With a final chuckle, Lindsey settled in front of her journal again. \"Goodnight, Agatha. Don't worry about waking me if you need anything in here.\" \"Goodnight… and thanks.\" Agatha was glad to be in higher spirits when she rejoined Grace, Deven, and Leia. Agatha couldn't tell if they'd heard her and Lindsey chatting, or if they were wondering what has taken her so long. Everyone looked up at her when they heard the click of the door. \"Was Lindsey awake?\" Leia asked. \"Yeah… that's okay isn't it?\" \"Yes, she doesn't usually fall asleep for another hour or so. I was surprised she turned in when she did.\" \"It's been a long day.\" \"We'll head into the other room ourselves in a few minutes,\" Deven said. \"Sorry again for taking your bedrooms.\" \"Really,\" Agatha said, \"it's all right. Look, about what I said earlier… do you think we can just forget it? I was in a bad mood. Visiting my brother can do that. I'm glad you all are here, and I know it's made Grace very happy.\" Agatha could tell Deven and Leia were both confused and curious about her vague statement about Rooster, but they were polite enough to let it roll by. Instead, they smiled and asked her to join them. Two days later, Deven, Leia, Matthew, Lindsey, and Rosie packed up and were on the train home by lunchtime. All in all, Agatha was glad they came. Once the pressure of Christmas was over she was able to relax. Saying goodbye was almost difficult. She began warming up to all of them — even little Rosie. On the other hand, she was looking forward to getting back to a normal routine. Most of all she missed sleeping on a bed. The couch wasn't good for her back. No one was sadder than Grace when the train pulled away. Agatha thought she was going to burst into tears after giving her final way goodbye but she managed to keep herself together. Grace's mood was almost a relief, though. Before bed on Christmas night, they had a good talk and apology exchange about the 'Christmas Chaos' as Agatha titled it. It hadn't been much of a problem since, but Agatha knew Grace had a tendency to bring things up at least one more time to make sure everything is okay. But parting with her family guaranteed Agatha at least one more day without tension. They walked half of the way home in silence. Agatha lost herself in mundane thoughts about starting back at work the next day and what she was going to cook for dinner, wondering if she needed to stop by the market to pick up some vegetables and butter. \"I'm sorry,\" Grace said after some time. \"For what?\" \"For being emotional back.\" Agatha chuckled. \"I expected it. You weren't so bad.\" \"I'm also sorry the past few days have been so hectic.\" Here it was, Agatha thought. \"We talked about it. It's over. Let's look forward to the new year now.\" \"Yeah,\" Grace smiled. \"That will be good, won't it?\" \"…maybe you can meet Rooster then?\" \"Absolutely. And please, hit me over the head if I forget.\" Trying an evil grin and rubbing her hands together, Agatha said, \"That can very well be arranged.\" Grace laughed and rolled her eyes. \"Okay, okay. You don't have to get too excited about it.\"[Chapter 8] 1921 Celebrating the new year came and went as did Valentine's Day and St. Patrick's Day. Easter came up close behind them — another holiday that bypassed most of Agatha's life. To her relief, the farthest Grace went this time was personal fasting and stocking up on candy to send to Matthew, Lindsey, and Rosie. Easter preparation almost fascinating. It was quieter than Christmas, and the old traditions seemed like they could be over comfort for someone who'd grown up with them. During this time, both Agatha and Grace faced changes in their work lives. The cleaning company Agatha worked for started making cuts, and Agatha knew it was only a matter of time before her day came. It got to the point where she questioned why the whole business didn't call it quits. At least it was slow, giving her time to secure a new job. The kitchen table was now home to a stack of newspapers and want ads. As for Grace, she picked up another part-time job at the library. She loved it and would have taken the opportunity to take a full-time position had she not felt so at home at the bakery. She needed the family atmosphere. So far she hadn't made many friends at the new job, but then again, it was quiet work. Easter came and went, and then came a tough question Agatha had been putting off since her reminder on Christmas. Where was Rooster going to go? His jail time ended mid-April. Staying with her and Grace wasn't an option, as she had said to him many times. It wasn't that Grace and Rooster didn't get along. A few times now Grace came down to the jail to visit and the conversations were relaxed enough. Rooster made his jokes when she wasn't around. He told Agatha she'd be his future wife one day. While Agatha knew her brother said these things to show off, she was concerned he would make a move. She didn't expect Grace to accept, but she couldn't be too sure. Lately, Grace expressed great interest in finding someone. For a while in January, she even started seeing someone she'd met at the bank. By late February she ended it. Agatha never found out why, but from the start, she thought the two were and odd match. Aside from their age, bank, and love for Italian food, they had little in common. Grace didn't seem too upset, so she didn't bring it up again. Agatha was a bit jealous of the relationship. At this point, a bad relationship was better than none at all. Some bitterness around the situation with Carl surfaced. She continued reminding herself the relationship wouldn't have gone anywhere anyway. But still… it could have been something, even for a little while. She'd gone much longer without a relationship. Using the word relationship would be an exaggeration. She'd dated, but nothing went past a few outings. Men grew bored of her. Who could blame them? Excitements in her life were nothing to brag about. Take away the jail visits and jobs coming and going and arguments with one person or another, what was left? . . . Somehow, Agatha managed to procrastinate a conversation about Rooster until a couple nights before his release. No matter how hard she thought, she didn't see any other way to take care of Rooster unless she was living under the same roof. Grace came home late from the library which gave Agatha plenty of time to make dinner and figure out what to say. It was a strange subject. While she knew Grace was a good-hearted person and turning Rooster away would be unthinkable, Grace was also cautious. Having lived a calm life and striving to maintain it, she had every right not to want to share a roof with a conman. Things would be easier if she could say to Grace in confidence that Rooster would be starting his second chance, as they say. Rooster was more on his fourth chance, not including the shorter sentences. He lived this way since he was a teenager. Agatha didn't see why this time around would be any different. He wasn't looking for change — he was looking for freedom. \"I'm home,\" Grace said when she came through the door. \"Good, just put dinner on the table.\" \"What did you make?\" \"Spaghetti and meat sauce.\" Setting down her bag and hanging up her sweater, Grace said, \"Oh, I wish I'd known! I would have gotten some bread from the bakery to go with it.\" Agatha pointed to the table. \"Way ahead of you.\" \"Wow, you went all out.\" \"Grace, it's spaghetti, not roast turkey and twice baked potatoes.\" \"Come on, you know your sauce is my favorite.\" \"Yeah, I know.\" \"What's the occasion?\" Grace asked. Agatha gave a nervous laugh. \"Why does there need to be an occasion? I know you like it, can't I surprise you?\" \"…you hate the mess it makes, and you hate the preparation.\" \"Okay, okay. You don't let me get away with anything.\" \"Of course not.\" Taking her chair, Grace said, \"Now, what's up?\" Sitting as well, Agatha replied, \"We need to talk.\" \"What's wrong?\" \"Don't you wanna eat first?\" \"No.\" Grace rolled her eyes. \"Okay then…\" She paused a moment to put food onto her dish. \"I think I'll eat first.\" \"Agatha.\" \"Rooster gets out of jail on Friday. There.\" \"I'm… sorry?' \"That's not the bad part.\" Grace sighed. \"Please, just get to the point.\" \"He doesn't have a place to stay. I don't want him here, but I don't know what else to do. I'm going to help him find a place, but that takes time, especially given his last address. I would never think of asking, but I don't want him out on the streets if I can help it. No good will come from it.\" \"Agatha,\" Grace interrupted. \"Slow down. I don't have a problem with it.\" \"You don't?\" \"Of course not. He's your brother. Who am I to say no?\" \"Are we thinking of the same brother?\" \"Yes, we are thinking of the same brother.\" \"Well… that was, uh, easier than I thought.\" \"Will he be comfortable here?\" \"Where do you think he is now, The Ritz?\" \"You know what I mean.\" Agatha passed a slice of bread to Grace. \"I really appreciate it. I promise it won't be long. If he's not finding a place then we'll have to figure something else out.\" \"Don't worry about it.\" \"Promise me one thing?' \"Yeah?\" \"Please, please, please don't go out with him. He keeps joking about it. He can be charming, but please, please, please don't let him get to you. Believe me, he's no good for you. Even if by some miracle he changes, it's not a good fit. I don't want to worry about you getting hurt.\" Grace held up her hand. \"Not to worry. I wouldn't get involved with him even without the baggage.\" \"You wouldn't?\" \"He's your brother. That would be a bit uncomfortable, don't you think?\" \"Geez, I was so busy worried about him mistreating you that I didn't even think about it being awkward.\" After swallowing a mouthful of pasta, Grace said, \"And imagine if it didn't work out?\" \"Let's not.\" Grace laughed. \"Fair enough.\" \"Again, I really appreciate your letting him stay.\" \"I don't mind Rooster,\" she said truthfully. \"He's different.\" \"That's one way of putting it.\" \"Is there anything I can help you do to get ready?\" \"Nah, I'm just going to make the couch up for him.\" \"What does he eat? I'm going to the market tomorrow and I can pick up food for him.\" \"He's a goat. He'll eat anything you put in front of him and then get started on your plate.\" \"Well then,\" Grace said. \"I'm glad we're eating your sauce tonight!\" Agatha's laughter was more a sigh of relief. Rooster could stay and Grace wasn't interested in going out with him. Having Rooster back home would by no means be easy, but at least a couple weights were lifted off her shoulders. \"This ain't how I pictured your place.\" Rooster walked further into her room, dropping his bag in the middle of the floor as he did so. No doubt about it, the place belonged to women. Flowers were placed all around, the decorations were elaborate and made no sense and served little purpose if any at all. Worst of all, it was clean. Too clean. While Rooster could appreciate the fresh air smell coming through the windows at the moment, he knew cleanliness meant Agatha on his back every time he left a bottle on the table or his muddy shoes on the carpet. \"What did you expect?\" Agatha questioned, already sick of her brother's company. \"I dunno. A room or two maybe and dark. Maybe a place on the edge of town?\" \"Things have turned around for me. I got a good thing going here. I hope you'll choose to follow my example.\" \"Ah,\" he said with a wave of his hand while continuing to snoop around, \"don't try and fool me. You got a lucky break. Ain't no way you could'a done this good without someone else paying the rent.\" \"Hey, I pay my fair share. I could pay for the whole place by now. It's incredible how much money you can save when you're not supporting a bum living on your sofa.\" \"You're the one who told me to stay.\" \"I told you you could stay if you had no place else to go, which you don't. I am not by any means giving you permission to fritter your days away smuggling alcohol, smoking cigarettes, and playing poker. I expect you to go out and get a job. Do something with your life. You gotta be sick of spending time in that cell.\" Rooster sat on the couch now and kicked his feet up on the coffee table. \"Ya' get used to it after a while.\" Walking over to push his feet back to the floor, Agatha said, \"I mean it, Rooster. No more playing around. You gotta make something of yourself. You've wasted enough of your life with these games.\" \"It's what I do.\" \"It's time for a change.\" Rooster rolled his eyes. \"Would ya' come off it? No one in their right mind is gonna hire me with my record.\" \"Then find someone not in their right mind.\" \"I will, and when I do-\" Cutting him off, Agatha said through her teeth, \"For legitimate work, Rooster. For work. I swear, you get in trouble with the police again and I'm not gonna be there to bail you out.\" \"Didn't you just say you got money?\" \"To live. I've spent enough on you. If you're not even going to bother to make an effort I feel no obligation to go out of my way for you. At least not any more than I am now. Why don't you trying being grateful for a change? Get off your lazy ass and get a job!\" To Agatha's confusion, a slow grin appeared on Rooster's face. \"Oh, Aggie… is that how you wanna talk in front of your friend?\" Agatha, now aware of the presence behind her, took a moment before turning around. Her face was warm, but not quite red. \"Hey, Grace.\" Grace gave an awkward smile, regretting having come home during an argument. \"I didn't mean to interrupt.\" Already turning on his innocent act, Rooster said, \"I'm afraid you'll have to get used to it. Aggie here can be pretty hard on me.\" \"Nice try,\" Agatha said. \"I've already informed Grace of the rules for your being here.\" \"Now I have rules?\" \"No drinking. No leaving your clothes in piles on the floor or furniture. No poker buddies, or any kind of gambling. No guests who have not been approved, and absolutely none of your girlfriends.\" Angry, Rooster stood up, \"What the hell am I supposed to do all day?\" \"Get out there and get a job!\" Agatha repeated. \"This is temporary. Two months, remember? When those are up you're on your own. If you're not able to take care of yourself then it's your own problem.\" \"I can take care of myself now. I'm only here because you were bent on me having a proper roof over my head or something.\" \"I'm giving you a chance, Rooster!\" Feeling her standing before them unnecessary, Grace began inching towards her room. \"I can see there's still some details you two need to work out. Just, um, let me know if you want me to start dinner.\" Agatha grumbled. \"You see that? You've already made her uncomfortable.\" \"I don't think I've seen her when she wasn't, I don't mind it.\" \"She was nice enough to go and visit you in the slammer, the least you can do in return is act respectfully around her.\" \"You ain't givin' me the chance!\" \"You know,\" Grace said over the shouting, \"on second thought, I think I'll go pick up dinner and bring it home. How's that sound? It's a special occasion after all.\" Agatha turned back around to face her. \"Grace, you don't have to do that.\" \"Yes, I do,\" she said as she grabbed her purse and rushed to the door. \"I'll be back within the hour.\" When the door clicked shut, Agatha swung around to Rooster. \"You got some nerve.\" \"I ain't a kid anymore, Aggie. You can knock off this mothering crap you do.\" \"I will when you start acting like a grown up.\" \"I am a grown up, and as a grown up I can make my own decisions. What I do is my own business and it ain't your say if I get a real job or not.\" \"I hate seeing you throw your life away. You're better than that.\" \"It's time to face facts. I wasn't cut out for more. There's nothin' I wanna do other than what I'm doin'.\" \"Listen to yourself!\" Agatha said, nearly in tears. \"How can you not strive for more? I'm not telling you to go out and become a doctor. I'm saying get a small job, maybe in a factory or something, I don't know. Settle down, have a family.\" \"I hate kids and long hours. Don't you remember when I had that job in one factory? I didn't last a week.\" \"You didn't try.\" \"Because I'm lazy, and I ain't looking to change anything.\" \"You're pathetic.\" \"That sure is news to me,\" Rooster said, his voice sarcasm. Agatha sat on the arm of the sofa. \"So that's it? You're just gonna sit back and wait for money to come to you?\" \"I'll get back on my feet, you're just not gonna like how I do it,\" he shrugged. \"I don't want you in jail again.\" \"I can't guarantee anything.\" \"I've heard enough of this.\" Standing again, Agatha walked heavily to the door. \"I'm gonna go find Grace and see if she needs help with dinner. I'll stay true to my word. You can stay here for the two months I said, but I don't care to know what you're up to. All I can say is keep it far away and out of my house. I'm not responsible for you anymore. You land your ass in jail it's your problem.\" . . . It didn't take too long to find Grace. Whenever she brought dinner home, she went to the same three places, all of which were in close walking distance. First, she checked the pizza place up the street. With no luck, Agatha then tried one of the diners they frequented. Through the window, she could see Grace waiting for her order. Agatha remained outside for a few minutes. She didn't know what to say. One thing was for sure, she needed to apologize for Rooster. While she knew regret was inevitable, she hadn't expected it so soon. Was she being unreasonable? All she wanted to do was look out for her baby brother. True, he wasn't a baby anymore, but did that mean she wasn't allowed to care for him as she always had? Why would she want to see him settle for as little as possible when there was potential for so much more? By now, she had a hard time picturing Rooster as anything other than what he was — a lazy cheat who put all his effort into making a buck as quickly and as simply as possible. Having left the house without a jacket or sweater, Agatha was pushed inside by the evening chill. Spring wasn't in motion just yet. Inside the restaurant, she stepped to the side next to Grace, who spotted Agatha in an instant. \"What are you doing here?\" Grace asked out of curiosity. \"Needed a break,\" Agatha answered, making as little eye contact as possible. \"I gather your argument with Rooster continued?\" \"We're always bickering like that. I'm just worried about him. He isn't interested in getting on his feet. He's happy being a mooch.\" \"I'm sorry.\" \"Not your fault. I'm the one who's sorry. I let myself think he changed. It happens every time. Now we have a lump living on our couch.\" \"We'll make the best of it. Besides, it's not like we're home all the time.\" \"Oddly enough, that isn't comforting.\" Placing a hand on Agatha's shoulder, Grace said, \"Obviously, if there's extreme trouble, we'll have to ask him to leave. But going by things you've said in the past, I don't think he'll do anything to jeopardize free room and board.\" Agatha shrugged. \"I don't know, you'd be surprised.\" \"Here you go, Grace,\" the head waitress said as she approached her with a bag in hand. Noticing Agatha as well, she nodded, \"Good evening, Agatha.\" \"Evening, Flo.\" \"Thanks very much,\" Grace smiled, taking the bag. \"See you soon, I'm sure.\" \"Take care!\" Agatha waited until they were outside to speak again. \"He might act differently since you're around, but I'm not getting my hopes up.\" \"Why isn't he more careful? He knows where he'll end up by acting this way.\" \"To tell you the truth, I think a part of him likes being locked up.\" \"Why is that?\" \"Beats me. I figure that's gotta be it, though. If not that, he's even dumber than I thought.\" Biting her lip to stop a laugh from escaping, Grace then said, \"I'd still give him a chance. He may surprise you.\" \"That's precisely what I'm afraid of.\" Over the next couple weeks, both Agatha and Grace worked on adjusting. They missed having use of the living room, but kept in mind it was only temporary. Agatha was more comfortable sitting out. Grace, on the other hand, stayed clear of Rooster as much as possible. His constant passes drove her bonkers. What made it worse was the fact he did it to aggravate his sister more than anything. Grace caught on right away and let him have it. At least, she tried. She thought she'd succeeded using a raised and stern voice, but since then it'd become a game in Rooster's mind. \"Heya, Gracie,\" Rooster called from the sofa. \"Would you be a love and bring me a sandwich?\" Grace groaned from the kitchen, looking up from her needlepoint. \"For the last time, do not call me Gracie. Second, you're perfectly capable of getting your own lunch.\" \"I get my own lunch nearly every day. Cut me some slack.\" \"My afternoon off does not entitle me as your servant.\" \"Who said anything about a servant? I asked for a favor. A simple little favor.\" \"It's not a simple little favor. It's me having to get the food out, make it, and clean up after you because heaven knows washing a dish could kill you.\" \"The soap gives me a rash.\" \"We've bought three different kinds of soap since you got here. I'm not believing it anymore. Make your own lunch and clean up after yourself.\" Feigning hurt, Rooster said, \"Here I thought you were the hospitable one.\" \"You're beyond a guest now.\" Rooster was about to snap back when Agatha's door swung open. \"I was up until nine this morning. What the hell is all the shouting about? I'm trying to sleep!\" \"See whatcha did, Grace?\" Rooster whined. Standing up from the table, Grace marched into the living room. \"I did nothing.\" Turning to Agatha, she finished, \"I refused to make his lunch and he's not taking it well.\" Agatha brought a hand up to her forehead. \"Would you leave her alone, Roost? Go make your own lunch.\" \"I liked it better when you didn't have a roommate,\" Rooster replied, rising to his feet in defeat. \"I got news for you, I wouldn't be making your lunch either if she were here or not.\" \"You always used to.\" \"Because I was an idiot and felt sorry for you. I still do, but a beyond hope kind of sorry.\" Rooster brushed her off as he made his way to the kitchen. \"I'm sorry, Agatha. I'll try to be more patient. Go back to sleep.\" \"I'm gonna. And I don't blame you. I'm surprised you haven't hit him across the head yet.\" \"I won't go that far.\" Then lowering her voice, she said, \"I always thought myself to be a patient person, but boy does he know how to push my buttons.\" \"He's a pro — and a child. Like a child, the stronger your reaction the more he'll try to bother you. Try to ignore him if you can. Once he's gone I'll make it up to you somehow.\" Grace shook her head. \"You don't need to make it up to me. I feel terrible for speaking to him the way I have.\" \"Don't waste your energy. It's the only tone he'll hear. Why do you think I always sound so pissed off at everything? I grew up with him and, for a long time, he was my only friend. I don't even realize it half the time.\" With a sympathetic smile, Grace nodded and gave Agatha a small push toward her bedroom. \"Get some sleep. We'll keep it down out here.\" \"I have another long and late shift tonight so I will probably skip dinner. If you need to get out of the house go see a movie on me.\" \"I was thinking of going out anyway. Thank you, though.\" Agatha smiled as she shut her door the same time Rooster came back with his plate. \"You're out of cheese.\" Before turning around, Grace took a deep breath. \"I just bought some yesterday.\" \"Yeah, I ate it all.\" \"How on earth did you manage to eat that much in so little time?\" \"I didn't feel like slicing any of the meat you have, so I just made a cheese and mayo sandwich.\" \"That's disgusting,\" she said with a grimace. \"Maybe next time you should suck it up and a normal one for me.\" Grace clenched her fist behind her back, took another breath, and managed to walk away without any kind of retort. Six more weeks … she said in her head. Six more weeks …[Chapter 9] Another two weeks passed. Another two long weeks. Grace did as Agatha said and ignored Rooster, but the past week, in particular, made this more difficult than ever. She didn't have proof, but she swore Rooster was drunk when she came home Monday evening. Agatha had gone to work early. The living room smelled funny. Stale in a way. Whether he drank something or smoked something, it changed his behavior. Her worry wasn't so much what he would do, especially after he passed out not long after supper, rather, how and if she should tell Agatha. At risk of sounding like a schoolchild, she didn't want to tattle. Rooster had a month to go. Maybe this was a one-time thing unless he'd been good at covering it up before. Even that option didn't make much sense. Why would he get lazy if he was getting away with something? The thing that bothered her most came on Friday night. After her shift at the library, Susan met up with her and they took in a show. Afterward, Grace invited her over for a cup of coffee. Having been so distracted, she forgot Rooster would be there to greet them. She didn't remember until she saw the light on through the window. She warned Susan he was there, giving her the option to bow out. Susan wasn't bothered, even after Grace heeded her of his personality. However, minds changed when they walked into a cloud of smoke and a handful of people gathered around the living room. \"Rooster, what on earth is going on here?\" Grace said through many coughs. \"Just spending some time with some friends,\" Rooster replied, never taking his eyes off his date who sat on his lap. \"Did Agatha say it was okay?\" \"Oh sure, she loosens up after a bit, don't worry.\" Grace wasn't convinced, but couldn't think straight as the amount of smoke made her lightheaded. \"Susan, do you think we take a rain check?\" \"Yes, of course,\" Susan said. \"It looks like you've got a hand full here.\" \"Hey Gracie, thought you weren't gonna be home 'til later.\" \"That's it, Rooster,\" Grace yelled. \"I want everyone out of here!\" After flipping on some more lights, she opened the windows as wide as they could go. \"Come on, we ain't hurting anything,\" Rooster said, leaving the side of the young woman who'd been on his lap. \"A couple hours won't be a problem.\" \"Yes, Rooster. It will be a problem. I have never met someone more ungrateful in my entire life! Agatha told you specifically not to have people over and here you are.\" \"Hey whoa, she said no one without permission. I told 'ya, I got permission.\" \"It's funny, but I don't believe you.\" \"Yo, Rooster,\" a man who had to been at least six feet, two inches tall came over. \"What's the deal, huh?\" \"The lady here wants to call it a night.\" \"You're right I do. I'm sorry to be the spoilsport, but it's time for everybody to leave.\" The man laughed. \"Spoilsport… isn't she cute?\" Rooster nodded. \"Ain't she?\" Susan, whom Grace had forgotten was standing a few steps behind her, came up and pulled her back by her shoulders. \"You're not going to win this one. You'll come and stay the night at my place, all right?\" \"Yeah…\" Grace nodded. \"I think that's a good idea. But I swear Rooster, if this mess isn't gone by morning you're out of here!\" Rooster laughed. \"Ain't up to you to decide.\" . . . Grace would never give Rooster the satisfaction of saying this allowed, but he was right. Whether he stayed or left wasn't up to her. He was Agatha's responsibility, not hers. The apartment belonged to both of them. Agatha sacrificed a lot when her family came over Christmas. Granted, their time spent was significantly less than Rooster's and didn't throw parties in their living room... Still, Grace owed it to her to be patient. It was hard to believe Agatha would give him this sort of permission, but maybe she did. As much as she didn't want to face Rooster again, she couldn't wait for tomorrow to arrive and settle this. Thank goodness for Susan letting her stay the night. Heaven knows what more chaos would come the later the evening became. She worried either way, but at least she wasn't in the middle of everything. After a restless night, she left Susan's apartment as soon as the sun came up in hopes of catching Agatha on her way home from work. Had she remembered which place she was cleaning she might have. When the clock struck eight, she knew she'd have to see her at home. From down the hallway, Grace heard the shouting. She stopped halfway to the door and wondered if she should give them some space. At the same time, if Rooster was still drunk, Agatha might be in harm's way. What power she had over the situation she didn't know, but at least she could be there for her friend. \"I've had it with you, Rooster! I told you to do a few things, a few measly little things while I let you get away with all your other crap. Would it have killed you to keep your word? How do you expect me to trust you?\" A hungover Rooster pointed to Grace in the doorway. Agatha turned around and breathed a sigh of relief. \"Oh thank God,\" she said. \"When I saw you weren't here I panicked.\" \"I spent the night at Susan's.\" \"I don't blame you. Grace, I'm so sorry about all of this.\" \"…So you didn't give him permission for company?\" \"Absolutely not!\" Agatha shouted in Rooster's direction. \"I ought to throw you out on the street and not look back, you know that?\" \"Calm down,\" Rooster grumbled. \"You're acting like people were out of control. It was low key — just a couple of the guys hanging out.\" \"Who are the guys, Rooster?\" \"What does it matter? I could say priests and you'd still be pissed off.\" \"You're damn right I would be.\" In hopes to reduce the tension, Grace stepped closer to Agatha and Rooster and said, \"Let's all take a breath for a moment…\" \"Grace,\" Agatha interrupted. \"I appreciate you're wanting to help, but this is between me and Rooster.\" \"Fine, I'll be in my room then.\" \"Do you think you could maybe go get breakfast or something?\" \"Agatha, I've been out all night. I have to get ready for work.\" \"So have I. Do you really think this is what I wanna be doing after working all night?\" \"I understand you have a lot on your plate right now, but this is my house, too.\" \"Please, Grace. This isn't an easy thing to ask. Besides, there's not a whole lot I ask you for.\" \"Oh no, you're right. Living with this inconsiderate pig hasn't been a chore at all.\" Instead of being insulted, Rooster found amusement in Grace's comment. He didn't know she had it in her. Agatha, on the other hand, was not so amused. \"Hey, it ain't your place to say those things.\" \"I think I've been patient up until now. I didn't tell you about all the other nights I came home when he was drunk.\" \"What?\" Agatha looked to Rooster, who just rolled his eyes. \"I gave him a chance.\" \"You should have told me,\" Agatha said. \"I knew it was only temporary and didn't think it was my place to tattle.\" \"Tattle? For heaven's sake, Grace, do you think we're still in 2nd Grade?\" \"No, no, Aggie,\" Rooster said. \"She's makin' sense. You're talking about me like I'm a school kid.\" \"Would you shut up for two minutes?\" \"My point is that I didn't complain.\" \"Him getting drunk and you telling me isn't complaining.\" \"How should I know how you'll react to anything? One day you're saying what a bum he is, and now you're jumping down my throat for the one negative thing I've voiced allowed.\" \"I never called him a pig. Rooster is a lot of things, but he's no pig.\" \"Some dames would consider that phrase debatable,\" Rooster said, raising his hand. \"Shut up, Rooster.\" Grace moved back towards the door. \"I've had enough of this. Tell me whenever I'm allowed back home.\" \"You don't have to be so dramatic about it.\" Grace wanted to say something back but knew the minute she opened her mouth she'd come out with something dumb. Instead, she went out the door, closing it with a slam. Pressing his luck, Rooster scoffed, \"And you say I'm the one making her uncomfortable.\" Grace couldn't believe she was walking away from the house. When was she going to learn to stand her ground? While she understood Agatha's embarrassment and not wanting outside pressure, she didn't think it was fair to be asked to leave the building. All she wanted to do was take a shower. What was she going to hear over running water? The stench of smoke still clung to her skin. Sometimes Agatha intimidated her. There was no pretending she had a lot of anger inside of her. For the most part, her resentment didn't come out in the nastiest ways. Yes, she was moody, but she'd met people who acted much worse. When she exploded it was typically on some strange she wouldn't see again. Today, she'd been that stranger — and that's just how she'd come to feel. Since Rooster moved in, the days she saw Agatha were few and far between. On both parts, it was somewhat intentional but was done more in attempts to gain a break from Rooster. Now she was afraid to stand up to Agatha and gave in to her demands. Not knowing where else to go, she walked to the bakery to start her shift early. There would be some chore to do. If not, she could keep Susan company for the start of her shift. She had to wonder what Susan thought. First walking into Rooster's mess, and now being asked to leave her own home? If for some reason, Rooster ended up staying, Grace decided it would be time to start looking for another place. Walking on eggshells all the time was getting old. No matter what she did, she felt like it was the wrong thing. She didn't blame Agatha, necessarily. The reality was that they were at different points in their lives. Grace saw an array of opportunities for her future. Meanwhile, Agatha had resigned herself to all doors being closed. She wished for a way to convince her otherwise. \"You blew it, Aggie.\" Agatha could have spit on him she was so angry. She blew it? Why? Because she spoke without thinking? What did people want from her? As she said to Grace, the last thing she needed after working all night was a stressful confrontation — not to mention embarrassing. \"I didn't do anything, Rooster. You're the one who's made nothing but a mess since you've been here.\" \"How many years have you known me? Did you really expect anything different?\" \"Like an idiot I did and you know it.\" Rooster laughed, \"Yeah, I know. Still cracks me up.\" It took all she had to ignore him. Must more of this and she was sure to smack him. \"I can't believe you're willing to jeopardize my friendship with Grace just for a laugh. Aren't you the one who say a few months back who told me to do anything to prevent losing her?\" \"Yeah, I said you should, nothing about me. You're not gonna lose her over this. It's me she hates, not you.\" \"Maybe, but because of you, I'm snapping at her. Didn't you see how angry she was when she left?\" Rooster shrugged. \"She'll cool down. You women always end up collapsing into tears and hugging it out.\" Agatha rolled her eyes. \"Shows how little you know.\" \"If she's going to hold a grudge over this then she ain't worth your time.\" Rooster stood from the couch and started towards the kitchen, but Agatha held out her arm and stopped him. \"No eating. We're not done talking about this.\" \"What's there to talk about? I don't see the big deal. The cops didn't come. Nothin's broken.\" \"I don't care! I told you no one could come over. Not only did you ignore me, you lied about it to Grace.\" \"Relax, she didn't buy it for a minute.\" \"That's not the point. That aside, what about all these bottles everywhere? Where the hell did you get this crap?\" \"You think I stole it or somethin'? It's whiskey. I got a prescription for it.\" \"Oh yeah?\" Agatha said with fake interest in her voice. \"What's the matter Rooster, got a little cold?\" \"Come off it.\" \"Where's you get the money for it?\" \"It don't matter.\" He pushed past her to go to the kitchen. If she was going to keep shouting, he was going to need some coffee and food for his headache. \"Yes, it does. I swear, Rooster, if you took any money from me or Grace I'm going to kill you.\" \"I won a bet if you must know. I don't gotta answer to you.\" \"You do under my roof.\" \"Your roof blows!\" \"Then leave!\" \"Works for me,\" he said. \"I've been bored out of my mind here.\" \"Then why the hell didn't you leave sooner?\" \"'Cause I ain't leaving a good couch if no one's makin' me.\" \"You know what, Grace is right. You are inconsiderate. We go out of our ways, changing our schedules around to make sure you're all right and you can't say so much as a thank you.\" \"I didn't ask you. All I needed was a place to crash for a few days while I got back on my feet.\" \"It's unfortunate that getting back on your feet means knocking someone off theirs.\" \"We all do what we can.\" \"There are better ways.\" \"So what if there are? Like I've said and I'll keep saying, I'm too set in my ways to turn around now. I've accepted it, now you need to as well. I'm tired of you trying to be what Ma wasn't. I got by without help then and I can keep doin' it now. It don't matter if you approve. Just be a sister.\" \"You mean, be the sister you want me to be.\" \"No, no, don't go twisting my words around. I'm just saying to humor me, not smother me. I can't believe I even have to have this discussion.\" Agatha shook her head. \"I can't either.\" \"I ain't saying I never wanna see you again. I'm just sayin' I need you to back off sometimes.\" \"Fine. I will. But I'm staying by my words from your first night here. Don't call me anymore to bail you out. I'm through with wasting my money and time. I'll visit you, but no money.\" \"Whatever. If it gets you off my back go for it.\" Agatha frowned. This wasn't at all how she envisioned Rooster's send off. She never wished to be enemies with her brother. He was the only family she had. Why was she supposed to feel guilty for trying to straighten him out? \"So… are you leaving tonight?\" \"The sooner the better,\" he said, going back into the living room. \"Roost… I don't want there to be hard feelings between you. You gotta know that I love you.\" \"I know, and I never know how to deal with it.\" \"You're not the worst guy in the world.\" \"Glad to know one person thinks that.\" The rest of the day dragged on for Agatha and Grace. Grace was glad to have the distraction of work but was embarrassed to realize she hadn't been able to change her clothes from the day before. This wasn't as much of a problem at the bakery as she didn't have to explain why to Susan. Plus, she was covered by an apron, but she noticed some looks at the library. Thank goodness her main task today was re-stacking the shelves. Agatha slept off and on. She opted not to hang around the living room while Rooster packed to leave. Strange how he acquired so many things after having been out for a mere month. She decided to worry later if he was taking anything he shouldn't. The main reason she couldn't sleep was her guilt about Grace. She thought she'd stop home in between jobs as she did most days, but after Rooster had gone she heard no movement in the rest of the apartment. She knew asking Grace to leave was unreasonable, but she was afraid her words would become too flustered. Rooster barely took her seriously as it was. He didn't need another reason to undermine her. Her tone came out harsher than anticipated. She knew Grace to be understanding, but she also hadn't forgotten how upset she looked. She couldn't blame her, either. Half the time Agatha didn't know what she was doing. Rooster's games hadn't helped in the slightest. Calling out of work was a given when six o'clock hit and she'd only managed two hours of off and on sleep. Grace was due home within the next half hour. Agatha hoped it would still be this way. Unless she'd been serious when she said to tell her when to come home. It didn't seem like something Grace would do, though. Not after having spent one night away from home and left with only her purse. Grace did come home, but not until around eight o'clock. The minute Grace saw Agatha sitting in the kitchen, she tensed up and tried avoiding eye contact as she made way to her room. Agatha, of course, stopped her. \"Grace, I need to talk to you.\" \"I don't feel like talking right now.\" She continued on to her door. \"You're supposed to be at work.\" Agatha followed. \"I stayed home. I just want to say I'm sorry. I was completely out of line this morning. Everything with Rooster got me so mad. I didn't mean to take it out on you.\" \"Yeah, okay.\" \"Grace, please. I was embarrassed. I wasn't sure what I was going to do. Whatever it was, I didn't want you to see it.\" \"I understand that, but you have to understand that I was willing to give you space. What, did you think I was going to go into my room and press my ear up against the door?\" \"No, that's not it at all. You know that the walls are thin… I just… You know what, why do I have to explain myself? I'm sorry if I don't live up to your peppy standard. I snapped, all right? It happens.\" \"I hate it when you say things like that,\" Grace said as she opened the door and went into her room. \"Well, I hate sayin' 'em so looks like we both lose.\" \"You know, I don't know what I did to upset you so much, but I'm sorry for whatever it was. Are you mad I left Rooster to continue his party? Well forgive me if I made the wrong decision. I'm not used to that kind of environment. Let the record show that I tried to stop it. I stood up to him. You say a lot how I don't defend myself, well I did last night. I'm just sorry it had to be with your brother. But he wasn't so kind to me, and he's done nothing but take advantage of me since he got here. I can't humor him anymore.\" \"Well, you don't have to because he's gone.\" Taking a moment before speaking, she then said, \"He left?\" \"I kicked him out.\" \"…I wasn't saying you should do that.\" \"Well I did and that's that. It's what he wanted all along and what you wanted but couldn't say.\" \"Agatha, that's not true.\" \"Don't patronize me. You hated him.\" \"Wait a minute,\" Grace said in defense. \"That's not true. You can dislike someone without it turning to hate.\" \"It doesn't matter now, does it? He's not my problem anymore.\" \"What do you mean?\" Agatha shook her head. She was about to cry and didn't know how to stop it. Having a meltdown in front of Grace was the last way she needed to end her day. Hoping Grace hadn't noticed anything, Agatha managed to say in a clear voice, \"Forget it,\" before making a violent turn out of the room. As always, Grace was onto her right away. She chased after Agatha, catching her door with her foot before it shut. When she walked into the room, she saw tears streaming down Agatha's face. \"Leave me alone, okay?\" she choked out. \"Agatha…\" Not knowing what else to say, Grace went to Agatha and hugged her, letting her get everything out. \"I never cry like this. I'm just overtired.\" \"You don't need to explain yourself,\" Grace said as she patted Agatha's back. \"You've had a long day.\" \"I don't know if I'll ever see him again.\" \"Why is that?\" \"Because he said I smother him. He wanted to be rid of me. I told him not to bother calling for me to bail him out of jail. He never calls for anything else.\" \"Agatha, I'm so sorry.\" \"It's not your fault. I should have seen it sooner. He was never happy at home. I think he got into less trouble once he was on his own.\" \"You'll see him again.\" \"Hopefully not on a wanted sign.\" Stepping back, Grace said as she went to get Agatha a tissue, \"You have to think more positive thoughts.\" \"What do I have to be positive about?\" Agatha sniffed. Grace shrugged. \"Sometimes you have to make believe even the most hopeless situations have a chance. I know you're sick of my mentality, but what do you have to lose? There can't be any harm in trying.\" \"I guess not.\" \"And I'm here for you.\" \"So, you're not mad at me?\" \"Things happen, then you get over them. I know I can be as challenging to live with as Rooster sometimes.\" \"…In very different ways.\" Grace laughed. \"Do you feel any better?\" \"A little, I guess.\" \"Have you eaten?\" \"Not a thing all day,\" Agatha answered. \"I think today we've earned two big ice cream sundaes. What do you think?\" Now Agatha laughed, \"You go from a wise owl to a small child in a matter of minutes.\" \"I take that as a compliment.\"[Chapter 10] Grace stood with her morning coffee by the window. First snow of the season and it was still early on in the fall. There was something comforting in watching the fresh flakes hitting the windowsill. Within minutes they melted, making room for new ones without accumulation. So lost in her thoughts, Grace hadn't heard Agatha coming down the hallways. It wasn't until she heard the slam of the door she diverted her attention away from the snow. \"Hey, Agatha… is something the matter?\" \"It finally happened,\" Agatha grumbled. \"What did?\" \"Lost my job. I knew it was coming. You'd think I would'a prepared.\" Setting down her coffee on one of the cabinets, Grace said as she reached Agatha's side, \"Oh sweetie, I'm sorry. I'm sure you'll be able to find something else.\" \"Thanks. I know I will, I just hate the process of interviews. Plus there are the hours of walking around looking.\" \"What about all those newspapers we had lying around?\" \"Never found anything. Unless I want to do factory work, which I really don't.\" \"Wouldn't that be better than nothing until you can find something else?\" \"If it takes a couple months to find a new job then maybe. For now, I'll be okay.\" \"Well, I can help you out as much as you need in the meantime. Agatha smiled. \"Thanks.\" . . . \"How about this one?\" Grace suggested a week later. For the past few evenings, she and Agatha spent time going through newspaper ads after dinner. \"How many times do I have to tell you? I ain't working as a waitress again.\" \"Well, there haven't been many other options available. How can waiting tables be worse than cleaning?\" \"I don't have to deal with people when I clean.\" \"Isn't the money better, though?\" \"Depends. Good waitresses get good tips. Those days are over.\" Grace sighed. \"Why don't you tell me some things you will do. Every time I suggest something I hear what you won't.\" \"I'll clean. I'll stock shelves. I'll deliver stuff. Anything along those lines.\" \"You're going to have to face people sooner or later.\" \"I'm not saying I don't wanna face people at all. I'm just hoping to limit it.\" \"Wait, wait… I think I found one for cleaning.\" Agatha grabbed the paper from Grace's hands. \"Where?\" Rolling her eyes, Grace stood to stand behind Agatha's chair. After scanning the page again to find her place, she pointed. \"Right there. Hudson Street Home for Girls is looking.\" \"No way. I ain't working around a ton of kids.\" \"So you'll do it temporarily until you find another job.\" \"Absolutely not. Do you have any idea what kind of mayhem that will be? I used to clean buildings when nobody was working. Those kids never leave. I could handle it if it were one or two, but know knows how many they got there.\" \"They aren't monsters,\" Grace said. \"How do you know if you don't give it a try?\" \"Easy for you to say, you like kids.\" \"Yes, but I can understand how the idea of hundreds in one space can be overwhelming..\" \"They're just going to dirty the floors the minute I finishing scrubbing them.\" \"So then you'll be paid more to wash them again.\" \"…One of these days I'm gonna find something you can't put a positive spin on.\" Grace smiled. \"Does that mean you'll take the job?\" With a sigh, Agatha nodded. \"I'll go down there tomorrow and see if they're still hiring…\" Already Agatha wasn't pleased with the establishment. Today she took a taxi, but this couldn't be done every time she had to work. The place was further from home than she thought. Until now, she hadn't appreciated her current neighborhood. She hadn't seen a street this run down since Rooster moved into his first room. Well, maybe this was an upgrade from there, but it was still overwhelming. Vendors of all languages shouted their prices and merchandise trying to make a sale. Kids ran around yelling and playing, causing mischief any way they could. Agatha was close to blocking her ears. If it was this loud outside, she was terrified to hear the inside. Standing in front of the door, her hand frozen before knocking, Agatha wondered if she should leave and think of an excuse to tell Grace. Then again, leaving now meant wasting money on cab fare. This in mind, what did she have to lose? Heck, maybe she wouldn't get the job and she wouldn't have to lie at all. A small woman came to the door. Agatha did a double take upon first glance. For some reason, she expected someone younger and dressed in prim attire. This woman looked to be in her sixties, her clothes ragged and dull. Coming from Agatha, that was saying a lot. Before she could open her mouth, the woman said in a rough, low voice, \"You here for a job?\" \"Um, yeah. For cleaning.\" \"Good. You're hired.\" Agatha blinked. \"Excuse me?\" \"What, you don't speak English?\" the woman grumbled. \"Job is yours.\" Rolling her eyes, Agatha replied, \"I speak English. Aren't you going to interview me?\" \"What interview? It's mopping floors and scrubbing windows, it ain't exactly a science. You a criminal?\" \"…No.\" \"You willing to pick up toys?\" \"Sure?\" \"Can you start today?\" \"I… I mean, I guess I can. I'm not dressed to work, but I-\" \"Excellent. You're hired.\" The woman took Agatha's hand and gave it a shake. \"Congratulations, Ms…\" \"Hannigan. Agatha Hannigan.\" Gesturing for Agatha to follow inside, she said, \"Great. You can start with the hallways.\" Before stepping forward, Agatha attempted to process everything that happened. Why was it the job she wasn't interested in wound up being the easiest hire of her life? She sighed as she went inside. It would have to do for now. Grace better be proud, she thought. Making the best of it was her only option it seemed. The hours would take some getting used to. Agatha didn't get home until ten o'clock that night. Fortunately, deep cleans as today only occurred once a week. \"Thank God,\" Grace called when saw Agatha walk by her door. \"What?\" \"What do you mean what? You've been gone all day.\" \"Yeah, I know. I got the job,\" Agatha said, hoping this wouldn't turn into a long chat. \"Oh, I didn't realize it started right away.\" \"Me either. I wish I'd known.\" As Agatha started walking away again, Grace called again, \"Hold on a minute, I want to hear about it.\" Humoring her friend would take less time than arguing, she decided. Agatha leaned against the door frame as she spoke. \"It was weird, actually. All I did was knock on the door and boom. I was hired.\" \"That's all?\" \"I mean, she asked if I was there about the job. When I said yes she said 'you're hired'.\" \"That was lucky.\" \"Depends.\" \"You didn't like it?\" \"Grace, I didn't want this job in the first place. Just as I expected, there were tons of kids screaming around me all day, asking me questions, and trying to ride the brooms like witches.\" Grace chuckled. \"Aw, that's cute.\" \"No, it's not cute. It's annoying. I was trying to finish work and get out of there. The place is big, but it shouldn't have taken so many hours to wash down.\" \"I guess that makes sense.\" \"I'm gonna keep it for now. But don't throw away those papers. The minute I find something better I'm outta there.\" \"Was there anything you liked about it?\" Agatha shrugged. \"I guess it was nice to clean a bathroom not used by men.\" \"There's a sentence I never thought I'd hear.\" Rolling her eyes, Agatha said with a smile, \"May you never have to understand this kind of unpleasantness.\" \"I'll stick to putting up customers.\" Grace winked. \"Nope. Still worse than toilets.\" With time, Agatha made peace with the job. Not every day was long and drawn out, and it wasn't too difficult to get a day off. The best part was the pay. While she didn't get as much as she did working for a company, it was less work. Plus, it was nice being able to sleep at night rather than fighting the sunlight through the window. By the end of the day, she was grateful to have been pushed. Another thing she came to appreciate was the kids. Sure, they were loud and rambunctious. But whenever she saw a new child being brought in, she couldn't help but feel sad. It made her realize she'd done the right thing with Rooster. After their parents died, it would have been easier to drop him at someone's steps and run. Her hard work paid off. Rooster never had to lose his entire family. At least he still had someone familiar. These kids didn't. Most of them ended up separated from their siblings — especially brothers and sisters. Some would grow out of the memory if able to remember at all, but Agatha pitied these kids most. For the rest of their lives, they are left to wonder about their past with little hope of finding the remaining ties to their identities. Sympathy did not appear to be a quality Ms. Tatum, the woman who ran the orphanage. What a harsh woman. Agatha, too, believed in discipline. Especially when such a large number of children are involved, but sometimes it seemed the structure was too rigid. Most of the day the kids did schoolwork, which was fine, but after that she had them do a couple hours of work. Usually sewing or knitting if they knew how. With all those clothes being made, Agatha wondered why so many of the children wore clothes two sizes too big and others one size too small. Later on, one of the older girls told her that the clothes were 'donated', which meant Ms. Tatum sold it for her own personal profit. Clever idea, Agatha had to admit, but unfortunate to see the effect it had on the kids. This, however, was not what bothered Agatha the most. It was hearing the girls cry when they were punished. While she couldn't pretend she hadn't smacked Rooster once or twice, this woman was relentless. Most of the time the crime was barely worth a scolding. At the same time, a part of her could understand. One kid was tricky, hundreds must be your 10 worst nightmares happening all at once. It seemed odd that only one woman was working here. Weren't there supposed to be more than one adult looking after the kids? Then again, this was one of the smaller establishments in the city. Grace asked a lot of questions about the place. Sometimes Agatha wasn't sure how to answer. Grace's good heart sometimes became overwhelming. She never mentioned her concerns. Either she only mentioned what was positive or remained vague. Whenever she asked if she could visit, Agatha answered with no. Why ruin her illusions? She probably pictured bright colors and new toys spread about. In actuality, the walls were painted with lifeless colors and were beginning to peel. Toys were scattered everywhere, but you were lucky to find one that wasn't worn or broken. The beds were made of metal and the thin mattresses were ripped. Some kids shared beds when space was limited. The kids weren't necessarily miserable, but Agatha couldn't think of one who wouldn't choose to be any place else. As long as Grace was still going through a phase of wanting a family and children, Agatha decided it was better not to expose her to a place where she could end up taking three kids home with her. She couldn't imagine what Grace's exact reaction to the place would be, but she knew if it made her feel bad it would tear Grace apart. Some people could handle it, herself included. It was possible to feel the emotions without it taking a toll. She couldn't trust this in Grace. She hated to think this way, but it was the truth. It wasn't a fault by any means, and she'd probably grow out of it in a couple of years. There's an illusion when you start life on your own that you're invincible and ready to take on anything. Agatha felt this way back then, albeit, her confidence came through in a much different fashion. Once reality hits, it's hard to go back. She wondered if there was any going back at all. Reality had well sunk in for herself by now. There is no magic moment that came along and made your life okay. She was poor now as she was then. Yes, things were better. Life can always improve. But those hopes for miracles fade away. She wouldn't marry the handsome man she started to envision as a teenager. She wouldn't live a life in a house somewhere in the country with fresh and clean air barefoot and pregnant. Rooster wouldn't turn around. Reality — it all came down to reality. What Agatha was leaning now was that the sooner you accept your reality, the sooner you can begin changing it. Wrote this chapter through a bout of writer's block... hope it doesn't show too much![Chapter 11] The long and hot summer passed and turned into a refreshing, cool fall. Agatha and Grace were so busy at work so often they started to wonder why they bothered to pay rent. Grace's wish for more hours at the library was granted by August, and now she only worked at the bakery two days a week. Agatha found herself growing comfortable in the orphanage. As dank and dingy as the place was, it started to feel familiar after some time. Some of the kids befriended her, which she humored. Their chatter was in one ear and out the other most of the time, but she appreciated the attention. By some phenomenon, Grace and Agatha's schedules worked out and allowed them an evening out. Grace treated to dinner which Agatha was thankful for. Not so much for the free meal, but rather for food outside of the orphanage. Often times she ate the leftovers from the children's dinners. Potatoes and questionable meat got tiresome. Eating it was better than waste or having the kids eat it reheated the next day. It wasn't until she took a bite of a fresh steak she realized how used to the old food she'd become. \"Gosh, this is amazing.\" Grace laughed, well aware Agatha had been away for many meals. \"It's high time you've had a proper dinner. You're looking thinner than ever.\" \"Eh,\" Agatha shrugged. \"The grocery bill has gone down at least.\" \"It wasn't an issue to begin with.\" \"Still, it's nice having a little bit extra.\" \"I suppose,\" Grace said, \"but have you even had time to spend the extra?\" \"I've bought a couple new dresses. Nothing too fancy or anything. What do I need? It's not as though I gotta dress up for my job or anything.\" \"That's true.\" \"I didn't plan on spending so much time there. Those kids get messy. No wonder Ms. Tatum was in such a hurry to hire somebody. I leave at night and come back the next day to food all over the floor and some sort of misfortune in the bathroom.\" \"I don't know how you do it.\" \"After a while, you get desensitized. I like working alone.\" \"I can understand that. That's part of what I enjoy about the library.\" After swallowing a bite of her food, Agatha said, \"I find that odd.\" \"Why is that?\" Grace questioned. \"You don't strike me as a loner.\" \"I'm not. At least, I don't consider myself to be. But I do appreciate time to myself. Believe it or not, I do understand the stress of waiting on customers.\" \"I mean, I thought you enjoyed working with other people.\" \"I do and I don't. I like knowing there are other people around and I like interacting with them now and then, but I also like things in a certain order. Working side by side with someone can make that difficult.\" \"Is that why you hate my helping in the kitchen when you're cooking a big meal?\" Looking down, Grace gave a small smile. \"Possibly.\" \"Then I guess organizing books is a good job for you.\" \"Yeah… for now.\" \"I sense it's not completely satisfying?\" \"I mean, it's fine for now. I picked up the job around the time I was dating Frank. For whatever reason, I thought the relationship might go somewhere. It's not a career I want for the rest of my life. I can imagine going back in my older age, but it's not stimulating. Sure, I've been reading a lot more than I used to, but it's not the same as using my brain, you know?\" \"No,\" Agatha joked, though there was truth in the statement. \"Is that strange?\" \"No, why?\" \"Because I talk about wanting a family, and yet I sort of do want a career. Isn't there a way to have both?\" \"Sure, if you're up for it, I guess. I don't see how much of a social life you'd have, though.\" Grace shook her head. \" When I was little, I remember seeing my mother with her garden club friends. I always wondered why they met week after week to talk about the same things. I couldn't understand living a life that way. That's not to say that was her only stimulus. She kept busy around the house. But even now, I still want more than chores. I want to be doing something for the world. Yet, I do want a family… do you see my issue?\" \"Yes,\" Agatha nodded. \"And I'm sure you of all people will be able to find a balance someday. But don't get in over your head. You might think differently in a few years. Get it out of your system now and leave yourself open down the line.\" \"Did you go through something like this?\" Agatha shrugged. \"I don't remember to tell you the truth. My mind was on other things. Remember, I was working and looking after a kid since I was fourteen. By twenty-two, I wasn't looking for anything but time to myself. I guess a lack of ambition runs in the Hannigan blood. I ain't as bad as Rooster, but I'm fine where I am. Do I think about what my life could have been had I strove for more? Yeah. But I ain't gonna waste too much time on it.\" \"What do you think you would have gone on to do had your situation been different?\" \"Beats me. I didn't know anything beyond what I'd been raised in. I might have liked a small family. Maybe no kids, just a husband. I'd still like that. I'm too old to be a mother.\" \"Nonsense. Plenty of women have babies at your age.\" \"Not their firstborn. I don't know if I'm capable of a real relationship. I never learned and by now I don't have an interest. I'm good where I am. If something more comes along, great, but opportunities have passed. I'm okay with it, really. I'm happy being content.\" Grace looked down at her plate as she poked at her salad with her fork. Agatha's words saddened her. From what it sounded like, she was waiting for time to pass. She was where she wanted to be, which sounds nice at first, but what was she doing? Cleaning up after other people. Spending minimum time with people outside of her work, which would be a different story if there were other adults working with her. She didn't aspire to gain knowledge or experiences. Or, was this similar to what she thought of her mother back then? Maybe living a mundane life wasn't the worst thing in the world. Agatha did work hard, but personally, Grace couldn't see the worth with few other people sharing her life. If one day she found herself responsible for children and paying the bills, she'd take a job like Agatha's. But it wouldn't be a dead end. She'd come home to watch her children grow up and help guide them to make something of their own lives. Agatha barely spent her hard earned money on herself. What was the point? Grace opened her mouth to ask but then shut it. It wasn't any of her business. Agatha looked happy. Happier than that first day she ran into her on the street. Just because she didn't understand it didn't mean Agatha's outlook on life was any worse than hers. They were different people. Time made this fact clear to anyone. And Agatha was in a different place in her life. As difficult as it was, she knew she couldn't stress the subject any longer. Whenever she tried to do things she thought might help, everything ended up turning upside down. Still, when opportunities arose, she'd be there for encouragement. Realizing Grace wasn't going to say any more after some time passed, Agatha smiled, reached across the table, and gave her friend's hand a quick squeeze. \"You don't have to understand. It's great you want so much out of life, but I'm okay just getting by. I know right now it seems like I'm spending a lot of time for a job with little reward. But at least now I'm sort of making a difference. I'm not cleaning for stuffy businessmen or messy tourists. I'm helping out kids. There's merit in that, isn't there?\" \"Of course,\" Grace said. \"I've gone through life with so much uncertainty. I like knowing where I have to be every day and that I'm coming home to a quite home.\" \"I guess I haven't tried looking at it that way.\" \"Maybe someday I'll do something more. I don't know. Maybe, by some miracle, a man might come into my life. But until then, I don't have a need to know. I am fine.\" Having trouble making eye contact, Grace gave a quick nod. \"I'm glad.\" \"You're the one always saying things have a way of falling into place, right?\" \"Yeah, yeah.\" \"Careful, you sounded like me for a minute.\" Agatha winked. Looking up now, Grace chuckled. \"And you sounded like me.\" \"Hey, Grace! Come in here a moment?\" Grace let out a soft groan as she hurried out of the bathroom wearing her robe with a towel wrapped around her head. \"What is it? Can it wait? I am so late for work.\" \"I think I found a job for you,\" Agatha said. \"But I'm not looking for a job.\" \"You said a few weeks ago that you wanted something that got your brain working or somethin', right? I was reading the paper and there's an ad for a job I think you'd be great at.\" \"You'll have to talk while I finish getting ready.\" Agatha stood and walked to the bathroom door with the newspaper in hand. \"Ever think about secretarial work?\" \"Not really. I wouldn't be opposed to trying it out depending on what I'd be doing and who I'd be working for.\" \"Get this,\" Agatha said full of excitement. \"You'd be working for Oliver Warbucks.\" \"Who?\" \"You're kidding, right?\" \"No…\" \"Oliver Warbucks… he's gotta be the richest guy in America. Maybe the world.\" \"Oh, yes. I think I have heard his name before.\" \"Imagine the salary! I betcha he gives out automobiles as holiday bonuses.\" \"I'd consider it, but not for the high pay. I'll admit it would be nice, though.\" Unwrapping the towel from her head, she asked, \"Are there any specifics about the job?\" \"Actually, there seems to be a few spots open. Sounds like he's cleaning house.\" \"Normally that would scare me off, but maybe something temporary is a good idea.\" \"Believe me, it'll be temporary one way or another.\" \"Excuse me?\" \"The guy is known for his temper. I don't know how anyone works with him for more than a week.\" \"Then why are you wasting my time reading the ad?\" \"Because you're good with those kinds of people,\" Agatha said. \"I don't know…\" \"Say you get the job,\" she started as she leaned against the door frame. \"If he gives you a hard time you can look back at sharing a roof with Rooster.\" Grace laughed. \"That would make things look more positive.\" \"See? You got an advantage no one else has.\" Grace left the bathroom to go to her room, speaking as Agatha followed. \"We also have to consider the fact I have no experience as a secretary.\" \"How different can it be from what you do now? You know how to talk to people, more or less, and you know all that bookish stuff. You can fake experience.\" \"That's not very honest,\" Grace said. \"You're curious about the job, aren't you?\" \"A little bit…\" \"So do what you gotta do to get it.\" Despite the time, Grace took a minute to sit down on the edge of her bed. It did sound good. Office work might be just what she was looking for. It kept her busy, allowed her to meet some interesting people, yet she wasn't tied into anything. \"What positions are available?\" \"A few different secretarial and assistant jobs. One for him personally, one for international sales or whatever the guy does. Says here you gotta know at least three different languages, though. Do you?\" Grace shook her head. \"French is about it, and that is shaky as it is.\" \"So don't go for that. There's plenty of slots open for typing. Assistance spaces for travel and for helping with house management and social gatherings. Two spots for assistant cooks — a bit more difficult to fudge. Having worked in the restaurants might be some help.\" \"Typing isn't a bad idea. I used to use my father's typewriter all the time, especially when Deven moved away. It's been a while, but I bet I can get some practice in before an interview. I think I still have a machine here somewhere. Does it say when they're hiring?\" \"Tomorrow.\" \"Do I have to call and set up an appointment?\" Scanning the article once more, Agatha answered, \"Doesn't say anything about it.\" Standing up again and moving to her closet, Grace said, \"I'll think about it. Can't hurt to check it out. But I only want it if it's a part-time position. Three jobs is a lot to manage.\" \"I didn't tell you so you could add to the list. I figured you'd replace one or both of them.\" \"Again, I'll have to think about it. You know I have a hard time thinking about leaving the bakery. And I don't want to quit the library after how hard I fought for some extra time.\" \"Get yourself fired then you won't have to worry about it.\" Grace rolled her eyes. \"Yes, because getting fired in time to get a new job always looks good on a resume.\" Agatha shrugged, \"Just a suggestion.\" \"I will get fired if I don't hurry up and get dressed.\" Taking the hint, Agatha took a few steps out of the room. \"I'll get out of your hair. I'll leave the paper on the table.\" \"Thanks.\" \"Oh, and Grace-\" Agatha turned around. \"What is it now?\" Agatha pointed to the bottom line of the ad. \"Interviews start at noon.\"[Chapter 12] Grace walked up to the 5th Avenue mansion in awe. She hadn't stopped to admire these homes since her first week in the city. Looking up at the large structure, uncertainty struck her. She didn't belong in a place like this, and she was a fool to think she had a chance. Going by things Agatha said, the richest man in the world wouldn't be willing to accept anyone short of perfect. He would want his employees well-bred and educated. Faking a good background was one thing, pretending to be well-versed was another. She was kidding herself to think she could get the job. Had it not been for a certain curiosity about the interior of the house, she would have turned around and gone home. Leaving her precautions at the door, she took a deep breath and walked in with feigned confidence. The inside was even more breathtaking than the outside. The ceilings towered high over her head. Stained glass windows let in the sunshine. As expected, large paintings and sculptures decorated the halls. Not much furniture was placed in the foyer other than some chairs made of fine wood and cloth along the side. At the end of the hall, she was greeted by a man and directed into the waiting area. Dozens of women around her age filled the room with the acceptation of one who looked to be nearing forty and another who had to be a teenager. Grace took the seat closest to the door and a few spaces away from anyone else. For some reason, she hadn't anticipated such a turnout. She'd made it a point to go after the lunch hours to avoid people. People were called in the order they arrived. Grace watched their expressions as they left. Some looked weak and pale, other's looked disgusted. Not a single one gave any sign of accomplishment. If only, Grace thought, she knew who was giving the interviews. It seemed strange that a busy man would take this much time out of his day to see everyone. \"Grace?\" Grace stood before looking up, figuring it was her turn. Some more people came in as people left, so she'd lost track of her place. When she looked in front of her, she saw a familiar face. \"Tim?\" She smiled. \"What are you doing here?\" \"I'm early for a meeting with Mr. Warbucks. I'm surprised to see you here.\" Tim was a regular customer at the bakery. Every morning he stopped in for breakfast around 9:15. He'd always been friendly. Seeing him here explained the expensive suits he often wore. \"Yeah,\" Grace said, clearing her throat. \"I saw in the paper that Mr. Warbucks is hiring and thought I'd check it out.\" \"Another job? Susan told me you've been working down at the library. Take this job and I might not see you for breakfast anymore.\" \"Oh, you know that I couldn't give up that job completely.\" \"Believe me, if you get this job you'll have to give up the bakery and the library.\" \"Why do you say that?\" \"I've known Warbucks for a while now. His staff works harder than any other.\" \"Oh, I wasn't looking at one of the more demanding positions. I'm interested in a typing job, part time if I'm able.\" Tim shook his head. \"Part time means nothing to him. You work until you get the job done.\" \"You're not saying this because you're going to miss having me sneak you a free cookie every now and then, are you?\" \"No,\" he laughed. \"Though, I do enjoy those days.\" \"Well… I guess it's good I ran into you. It would have been messy to realize this after the fact.\" \"Oh, I didn't mean to talk you out of it.\" \"No, no. You didn't. I'm glad to know. To be honest, I was hesitant about coming here to begin with. You see, my roommate saw the ad in the paper and thought it was a good fit. Maybe some other time, and for someone else. I'm not sure I'm up for such a drastic change right now.\" A woman with a clipboard stepped into the waiting area. \"Miss Farrell, you're next.\" Grace looked over her shoulder at the woman and then back at Tim, unsure of what to do. \"Don't let me stop you,\" he said. \"Miss Farrell?\" the woman called again. Thinking fast, Grace turned around. \"I'm sorry, I've changed my mind.\" Another woman was coming out of her interview walked passed Grace. Pausing a moment and leaning toward her ear, she said, \"Smart choice. The man is frightening.\" It was apparent she hadn't gotten the job herself. The woman who called her name rolled her eyes before proceeding to the next name. Tim led Grace to the door, stopping when they got there. \"I know this is short notice, but seeing as you have a chunk of time now, I was wondering if you'd like to grab a quick lunch?\" Grace smiled. While she hadn't known what to expect from today, this was not one of the scenarios she played out in her head. \"I'd like that.\" A moment later, she then remembered, \"Wait a minute, didn't you say you have a meeting with Mr. Warbucks?\" \"I said I was early. That's why I can only offer a quick lunch.\" \"Forgive me for being rude, but I have to ask… This has nothing to do with me changing my mind about the job, does it?\" Tim shook his head. \"Had you gone to the interview I would have asked you to a later dinner.\" \"Well then, how can I say no? I'd love to.\" Agatha came home that night excited to hear how Grace's day went. After a difficult day at the orphanage, she could use some good news. Walking into the apartment, she saw Grace sitting in the living room. The radio played in the background while she wrote a letter. It was hard to guess how things had gone from this. It all seemed normal. \"Hey, Grace!\" \"Hi!\" Good, Agatha thought. Cheerful and smiling. Always a good sign. \"I'm gonna go out on a limb and assume everything went well?\" \"Extremely well, although, not how you're thinking.\" Walking into the living room and sitting in the chair across from Grace, Agatha asked, \"How so?\" \"I ended up skipping the interview. I-\" \"What?\" Agatha gasped. \"Why would you do that?\" \"I'm getting to it,\" Grace said, \"just listen.\" Agatha sat back, unamused, but let her continue. \"I ran into a man I know from the bakery. A customer. I might have mentioned him before, but I can't remember. Apparently, he works with Oliver Warbucks and after talking to him I realized it's not what I'm looking for right now.\" \"And you consider that a day gone extremely well?\" \"I'm not finished yet. Anyways, he had some time before a meeting and asked me to lunch. I figured I'd go. Otherwise, I would have spent my day off sitting at home.\" \"You traded a job for a date? That doesn't seem like you.\" Blushing, Grace said, \"It wasn't exactly a date. I mean, he never said it was. We've been friendly for quite some time. It never went beyond brief small talk, though. I always found him charming. Handsome, too. He asked me to lunch after I passed on the interview. At first, I assumed he felt bad for changing my mind.\" \"Well, he should feel bad!\" Grace's brow furrowed. \"Why was this job so important to you?\" \"Grace,\" Agatha said, leaning forward. \"You could have been working for Oliver Warbucks. Don't you realize what a big connection this is?\" \"Connection to what?\" \"Money? People? Getting to spend every day in a 5th Avenue mansion? Wearing fancy, tailored clothes? Eating the greatest food in the world?\" \"You know that stuff doesn't matter to me.\" \"It has to matter a little. Imagine all the places you could have gone.\" \"Agatha, I was applying for a typing job, not an escort.\" \"Still… to be in that kinda place… you're lucky to have been in there for even a little while.\" \"I won't pretend I wasn't impressed. I was. But once you're in a place like that, what's left? I don't feel any more important now that I've seen it. Besides, it was a long shot to begin with. I knew all along. Then when I saw how many people weren't getting the job, I don't know, I lost my nerve. I took it as a sign.\" \"You'll never know now, will you?\" \"Why didn't you go for the job yourself then? Heaven knows you have more to contribute than I do.\" \"No, I don't. I may have a long working history, but nothing associated with anything he was looking for. I don't know how to type. Well, I do, but not well.\" Grace's voice went quiet. \"Can I ask you something?\" \"What?\" \"I'm only asking this because I really want to know, and I don't know how to word it in a way that doesn't sound rude… Did you really think the job suited me? Or were you more focused on the person hiring?\" \"Come on, be fair,\" Agatha said, taking offense. \"Think more of me. Of course I thought the job was good for you. I also thought Warbucks would be good for you as well.\" \"Why is that?\" \"Because you like a project and the newsreels prove he's a big one.\" Looking down, Grace nodded. \"I'm sorry.\" \"It's fine.\" \"It's not in the cards for me right now. Yeah, maybe someday I will end up regretting not taking the chance. I have to live with it now.\" \"Maybe they're still holding interviews?\" \"No, Tim said it was today only. Mr. Warbucks can't afford to take too much time off.\" \"Is Tim the man you had lunch with?\" \"Yes,\" Grace smiled. \"And he's wonderful.\" \"I thought you weren't looking for a relationship right now?\" \"I wasn't on strike or anything. I just wasn't going to make myself sick trying to find someone. Anyways, I'm not in a relationship with Tim. It was only lunch.\" \"So, you're not seeing him again?\" \"He said he's going to call me, but I'm not going to get my hopes up. Part of me still thinks he was just trying to be nice. Or maybe he wanted to kill time before the meeting.\" \"He'll probably call,\" Agatha said, starting to grow bored of the topic. \"I hope so. I had such a good time. He's charming and funny and handsome-\" \"You said that already.\" Taking the hint, Grace nodded her head and went back to her letter. Tim ended up calling the next day, much to Grace's delight. Having sensed something off last night, she decided to keep it from Agatha for a while. Maybe there was no need for strain, whatever the issue might be. She didn't know how serious Tim was about her. After all, they led completely different lives. However, it didn't take Agatha long to catch on. Grace was in a perpetual smiley mood. She took two-thirds of her calls in another room and went out to breakfast, lunch, or dinner at least every other day. Deciding she didn't care to know anyways, Agatha kept busy at work. When wasn't she busy? There was always something to do. A month passed before Grace began vocalizing her plans and calls. Agatha played along for serenity's sake. She wasn't mad that Grace was in a serious relationship. Why it initially came across that way she wasn't sure. Surprised was a more fitting term. By now she made her peace with it and was glad to meet him when he came over for dinner one night. Grace was right. He was both handsome and charming. He wasn't afraid to help around the kitchen, either. Though, that might have been for Grace's sake more than trying to be helpful. The two were sickening at times. What's worse was their trying to hide their flirting, resulting with laughter and drawing attention to themselves. This was the part of relationships Agatha couldn't stand — the goofiness. Can't you be involved with someone without acting like an idiot? \"So,\" Grace started later that evening as they cleaned up from dinner. \"What did you think of Tim?\" \"He was nice,\" Agatha answered. \"He seems like a good guy.\" \"He is,\" Grace grinned. \"This by far the best relationship I've been in. I know I haven't been in many, but still, I'm incredibly happy with him.\" \"I'm glad.\" And she was. As she brought the dirty plates into the kitchen to wash, Grace said, \"My biggest fear is that I'm going to scare him off.\" \"How would you do that?\" Grace shrugged. \"I don't want him to think I'm desperate. I'm afraid my affections will come off that way.\" \"From what I saw tonight, it seems to me the feeling is mutual.\" Slightly embarrassed but pushing it aside, Grace said, \"You think?\" \"Yeah, he seems to like you a lot.\" \"I hope this goes somewhere. I've never met a man where I had the feeling of wanting to spend the rest of my life with them.\" \"Rest of your life? Sweetie, ain't it a bit too soon to be thinking that way?\" Grace sighed. \"Maybe. I mean, I guess sharing meals together doesn't make it all too serious. We haven't even gone to a show or movie. \"Really?\" \"Is that strange?\" \"Nah, I don't think there are rules or anything. Just surprised me with how much time you've been spending together.\" \"He's pretty busy,\" Grace said. \"So am I. We've walked around the park a lot, mostly to and from lunch.\" \"So you're just gonna keep eating together?\" Agatha asked. \"Well, obviously if it keeps going forward I can fix my schedule. It won't be difficult.\" \"That's good.\" Dishes finished and leftovers put away, Agatha put the kettle on for tea. Grace leaned against the counter as she dried her hands. She couldn't help but notice a distance. It was the same distance she noticed the first night she mentioned Tim. \"Are we okay?\" she asked. \"Yeah,\" Agatha answered, keeping focused on the water. \"Why do you ask?\" \"You don't seem too thrilled with my seeing Tim.\" Taking a breath, Agatha turned to her. \"I'm happy for you, Grace. Really. I dunno. I've had a lot on my mind lately. Maybe I'm jealous. I don't know.\" \"Of Tim?\" \"Not him in particular. Just in general. You seem so happy, which is great. Please believe me when I saw I'm happy for you... but it's made me realize I've never been in a relationship that made me feel that way.\" Putting her hand on Agatha's shoulder, Grace said, \"Hang in there. It'll happen.\" Agatha moved away. \"I appreciate the sentiment, but I've hung in there.\" \"Oh, Agatha, not this again.\" \"It's easy for you. You're young, attractive, kind… I'm none of those things.\" \"You can't help getting older, and you are attractive, and kind too when you try. You're just overcritical.\" \"Okay, I'm not God's worst creation, but there's nothing special about me that turns heads. I was even gawkier when I was your age. And don't try to tell me otherwise, you didn't know me then.\" \"Then that's a good sign. You'll age gracefully.\" \"Sure.\" The kettle whistled. Grace handed Agatha two teacups from the cupboard along with two bags of tea. Once poured, the two took their cups and moved to the living room. \"I know you well enough now not to waste my breath with a long speech saying the right man is going to come along for you,\" Grace continued. \"But I do wish you the best. And I hope you know that a relationship isn't everything. It doesn't define you.\" \"Tell that to the rest of the world.\" \"Forget the world. It's not so kind.\" \"You don't have to tell me.\" \"Look, the typical way of society works for some people. They're the majority and make people who want to do other things with their life feel below them. Whether there's truth to that or not doesn't matter. Remember what you say to me when I talk about having a family and a career? That I'm in over my head. Or that I don't know what I'm saying until I've lived it. That's probably true, but what if I allowed that to close the door on any possibility? You have to push past what other people say.\" Agatha was near laughter. \"Believe me, Grace, I learned to ignore what people say and think before you were even born. My problems are out of my control. I can't change who I am to make me any more appealing to someone. I thought I accepted this, but apparently, I still have a bit a ways to go. It's nothing you've done. I'm not mad at you. It's just a mood.\" \"I wish there was something I could do to make you feel better.\" \"I'll get over it. Let's not bring it up again, okay?\" After taking her first sip of tea, Grace said, \"Okay, I won't. But may I ask one more thing?\" \"What is it?\" \"Do you ever interact with men at work? If a relationship is really what you're looking for, you've got to get out there.\" \"Seeing as it's a home for girls, not really. Although, the laundry man and I have flirted a bit. If it can even be called flirting.\" \"There you go! Pursue that!\" \"I said we flirted, not that I'm in love with him.\" Grace surrender. \"Fine, just a suggestion. I won't bring it up again.\" \"Thank you,\" Agatha said. \"Now tell me… is Tim a good kisser?\" she winked. Shocked, but unable to suppress a laugh, Grace playfully kicked Agatha's shin. \"Agatha!\"[Chapter 13] 1922 To Agatha's surprise, Grace's relationship with Tim was not short lived. Six months now they'd been together. No longer did she feel bitter about the two, she almost liked Tim. He wasn't a bad guy. The annoyance was mere nitpicking. He swallowed drinks too loudly and had a bad habit on name dropping. Plus, he and Grace could be sickening at times, and not even in the romantic way. At least that she could tease them for. Until now, Agatha never realized how intellectual Grace could be. She and Tim spoke for hours on subjects she knew nothing about. Whenever she was stuck in a room with them, she played the part of the third wheel without a fight. It wasn't worth it. Perhaps, she figured, it could be worse. Grace still made time to talk to her. Life wasn't much different than before, it was an extra place at the table a few nights a week. \"Agatha,\" Grace said one evening after dinner. The past week had been nice for Agatha. Tim was away on business and the house had remained without disruption. Having had a long week at work, the relaxed energy was a treat. \"I think I'm growing bored.\" \"Of what?\" Agatha asked, only half paying attention as she read a book. \"I don't know. That's the problem. Work, I suppose.\" \"Not surprising. All you do is sit around all day with a bunch of books.\" \"It's a bit more than that, but at a glance, yes.\" \"What made you think of this all of a sudden?\" Agatha questioned. \"I've been sitting here thinking about a conversation I had with Tim last week.\" \"What's that?\" \"Out of nowhere, he asked me if I ever regret not going for the job with Oliver Warbucks. I said I hadn't thought much about it, but since then, I have.\" \"Don't let it bother you. It wasn't before, why let it now?\" Grace shrugged. \"I don't know. At the time, I figured there would be an element of regret. But after going this long without it, it feels odd.\" \"You're sitting here in the quiet and fumbling with knitting needles. No wonder your mind is wandering. Why don't you put the radio on or somethin'?\" \"Don't feel like it. Really, tell me the truth, do you think it was foolish not to even try for the job?\" \"I think I made my thoughts clear when it happened.\" \"Oh, yeah…\" \"Why don't you ask Tim to talk to Warbucks? They work together a lot, right? He's gotta be able to pull some strings.\" \"Maybe…\" Grace said. \"But I'm embarrassed to ask.\" \"How come?\" \"I don't know. I made a big deal in saying I wasn't looking for such a change. I don't want to worry him by changing my mind.\" Agatha rolled her eyes. \"You didn't change your mind. It's been months. You're just ready for a change now.\" \"Do you think he'll understand?\" \"He's a man. Who knows how he'll react.\" Now was Grace's turn to roll her eyes. \"I have a couple more days to mull it over.\" And she did, but no solution came. Approaching Tim on the matter not only could be taken as inappropriate, but also insulting. What would her asking for a job say about their future together? True, they hadn't discussed it much. Both were content with where they were. However, that didn't mean she wanted to give him the impression this was where she intended to stay for a long time. \"Tim?\" she started over dinner the first evening he was home. \"What would you think if I took a new job?\" \"Not a third, I hope,\" he said as he sipped his wine. \"No, no. I'm thinking in place of the job at the library. Maybe the bakery, too, depending on the job.\" \"Wow, you must be serious to be thinking leaving. What's the job?\" \"Well… I don't have one yet. But I've been thinking that I'm finally ready for a change. I didn't want to pursue anything if you didn't agree.\" Tim laughed. \"Nothing's keeping your hands tied right now.\" \"So you don't think it's silly?\" \"Grace, there are a lot of women I can see sitting at home cooking and knitting all day. But whenever I look at you, I see you sneaking out to help the other women with their chores.\" Confusion evident in her face, she asked, \"What do you mean? Is that a good or bad thing?\" \"Depends, I suppose,\" he said with a laugh. \"Can you see yourself devoting every day to chores?\" Grace remained silent a moment, considering his words. No, she didn't, and with this, she knew she had to carry forth her question. \"Is Mr. Warbucks hiring, do you know?\" To her surprise, Tim sat back with a wide grin. \"What's so amusing?\" she asked when he failed to answer. \"I should have known this was where you were heading tonight.\" Grace, cheeks turning pink, looked down at her near untouched plate. \"Please don't think I'm trying to use you. I understand if it would put you in an awkward position to ask, or if you don't want me working with someone you work with.\" \"Grace, in all the time we've been seeing each other the only favor you've asked of me has been to get you a cup of water while I'm already standing. I think I can take on this one.\" She smiled but continued to look down. \"Really? \"Yeah, why not? Warbucks is always looking for typists. That's the job you were going to interview for last time, right?\" \"Yes.\" \"I have a meeting with him later this week. Shall I bring you along, or would you prefer I mention your name in passing?\" \"Mention me in passing. I don't want to impose. There might not any jobs.\" \"He owes me a favor himself, he'll make a job.\" \"Why? What does he owe you?\" Tim laughed. \"That's a story for another time.\" With a small sigh of relief, Grace picked up her fork and started on her dinner at last. Grace waited patiently for a word from Tim. A week passed, his meeting passed, and she heard nothing. Bringing it up again didn't feel right, though Agatha brushed it off as an excuse to stay put. Whether it was her intention or not, it was the push Grace needed to start the conversation… or rather, gave her the courage to maintain a discussion after Agatha started it for her. \"Hey, Tim,\" she said one evening while he was over for dinner, clearing his plate for him. \"Didn't Grace mention to me something about you getting a job for her? Yeah, whatever happened with that?\" From across the table, Grace glared. This only amused Agatha. \"I was actually going to wait until later to say anything, but seeing as you bring it up, I guess I can mention it now.\" \"Before you go on,\" Grace said, \"let me make it clear that I didn't tell her to say anything.\" \"Yes,\" he laughed, taking her hand. \"Your face makes that clear.\" \"Relax, Grace,\" Agatha said coming back to the table. \"He knows me enough by now to know I like to stick my nose into places it doesn't belong.\" Smiling at Agatha before turning back to Grace, Tim said, \"I spoke to Oliver Warbucks a couple days ago and he does have a position open.\" Noticing something of a sly grin, Grace asked, \"What's the job?\" \"It isn't typing.\" \"I asked what it is, not what it isn't.\" \"I'm getting there.\" After several seconds passed, Agatha sat forward, wide-eyed, and unable to wait any longer. \"Well, what is it?!\" With a slight roll of his eyes in Agatha's direction, he then said, \"How do you feel about being his private secretary?\" Now Grace was the one with wide eyes. \"Are you serious?\" \"Quite.\" \"But… I'm not qualified. Am I? I wouldn't think so.\" \"The man is in a crunch. His last quit and it's a busy workload at the moment. He'd have to meet with you, of course, but I can almost guarantee you'll be hired.\" \"I don't believe this… there's so much to consider and arrange. I haven't given my notices yet at the other jobs.\" \"I already told him and he said he'll work around it if he has to.\" \"I wasn't sure I'd be cut out for the typing job, and now this is in front of me? What if I can't handle? What if he fires me?\" \"I'll take it!\" Agatha shouted a bit louder than anticipated causing both Tim and Grace to jump.\" \"Agatha…\" \"What? I get fired all the time. It won't bother me none.\" \"Sorry, Aggie,\" Tim said. \"I only told him about Grace.\" With a wave of her hand as she stood and came around to the other side of the table and between the two, Agatha focused her attention on Grace. \"You gotta take it. You gotta go meet him. Do you see that this is fate here? First, there's the ad in the paper. You blew that one — no offense.\" She turned to Tim and then back again. \"And now you're getting another shot? And for a better job? So help me, Grace, if you don't go after this I will put on your clothes and a wig and get the job for you.\" Rising to her feet, growing more and more overwhelmed with every word coming out of their mouths, Grace said, \"Hold on just a minute or two. I can't drop everything right here and now with an answer. I have a lot of questions.\" \"What are they?' Tim asked. \"When would I start?\" \"As soon as possible, even if it's part-time in the beginning because of the other jobs.\" \"What would my hours be?\" \"Morning to night. I can't give specifics.\" \"When is the interview?\" \"Soon.\" \"What would my salary be?\" \"Probably more than any other secretary in the city.\" \"For heaven's sake, Grace, take it!\" Agatha near cried. \"Would you calm down?\" Grace said as she pulled Agatha's fingers from around her wrist. \"Why did the last woman quit?\" she asked Tim. \"Oh,\" Tim shrugged as he looked away. \"That's not important.\" Growing agitated, Grace said again, \"Tim, why did the last woman quit?\" Looking back, Tim sighed and admitted, \"Warbucks can be… difficult, so to speak.\" \"Ha! I was right!\" Agatha exclaimed. \"Didn't I tell ya, Grace? I told you I wasn't exaggerating!\" Grace, who was still standing, walked over to the cupboard and pulled out a tin of tea. Without a word, she handed it to Agatha. \"What's this for?\" \"Chamomile,\" Grace said. \"Drink it and settle down.\" Agatha rolled her eyes and tosses the tea aside. \"I'm sorry, but this is exciting. Grace, please tell me you do see how incredible this is. Oliver Warbucks, Grace. Oliver Warbucks!\" \"Look at you, you're nearly drooling.\" \"You would be, too, if you grasped just how much money this guy's got.\" \"I don't care about that. I know he's rich and that I would likely be paid well. I also know that this is an amazing opportunity. But you two have to know how much pressure you are putting on me. I'm not going to have an answer tonight. I have to think this over and I need to wrap my mind around whatever changes this might mean.\" Turning around, she rushed to her bedroom and shut the door behind her. Agatha sighed with a quick glance at Tim. She then stood up and went to fetch her purse. \"I'm gonna go get a soda. You go in there and do whatever you have to do until she sings for two days straight. We'll meet back here tomorrow.\" Without as much as a glance behind her, she was gone. Tim laughed as he shook his head. It never ceased to amaze him how Agatha was capable of the same innuendos he'd hear from some of his friends. After giving Grace a few minutes to recoup, Tim knocked on her door. \"Go away, Agatha,\" she called from behind the door. \"It's not Agatha.\" \"Oh… come in.\" Tim opened the door to see Grace sitting at the edge of her bed. \"You okay?\" \"Yeah,\" she said in a breath. Tim sat down next to her and put a hand on her shoulder. \"Really?\" \"I'm shocked.\" \"I thought you wanted a change.\" \"I did. I do.\" \"Then what's the problem?\" \"There isn't one. Can't I take some time to think things over without pressure?\" \"Of course, but you seem uncertain about the whole thing. I thought you'd be excited.\" \"It's not that I'm not excited. I'm thrilled. It's more than I could have asked for or expected. Because of this, I have to figure out what it will mean if I do get it. I'll definitely have to quit both jobs.\" \"Did you really think you could stay with those forever?\" Grace shook her head. \"Of course not. I told you I am ready for a change, but when you hadn't brought it up after your meeting, I figured it would have to look elsewhere. I don't need to have the exact job I passed up.\" \"I didn't want to tell you right away because I wanted to make sure he was serious.\" \"It is strange that he'd agree to an impromptu meeting with me. Is he okay with me being your girlfriend? I know you don't work side by side together every day, but it might be odd when you are around. It would have been different in another room typing.\" Stiffening, Tim replied, \"Actually, I didn't tell him we're together.\" \"What? What did you tell him?\" \"I said I know a woman looking for a job and that'd she'd be good with office work. That's all he needs to know.\" \"I don't believe you. Why would you be dishonest?\" \"I wasn't being dishonest. I just didn't say we're an item. He didn't ask.\" \"But now it feels odd. It feels like sneaking around,\" she said. \"Who's sneaking? It's not a secret. He just might not have offered such a job otherwise.\" \"Why not?' \"He's all work and no play. He'd think I would be distracted with you around.\" \"Would you be?\" With a wink and a kiss on her cheek, he answered, \"Only when it's appropriate.\" Grace let out a short laugh before a sigh. \"I'm torn.\" \"If it will make you feel better I can tell him.\" Shaking her head, she said, \"No, that will make it awkward.\" \"Then what can I do?\" Tim asked. \"Give me until tomorrow.\" \"I can do that… but I feel it's only fair to tell you that I, um, scheduled the meeting for the day after.\" \"Why?\" Grace asked, looking panicked. \"I really thought you were going to say yes right away.\" Laying back, Grace covered her face with her hands. \"I hate appearing this ungrateful.\" \"No, no. I should have known there was a lot to take in.\" \"What's got me so irritated is that I want the job so much, and yet there's this nagging hesitation and doubt.\" \"You'll be great, I know it.\" \"I suppose it's Warbucks who intimated me. Is it true what Agatha says? Is he really such a tyrant?\" \"I won't lie to you. He can be overbearing. But you're strong. You can handle him.\" \"How can you be so sure?\" She sat up again. \"I don't have Agatha's guts. In that way she would be much better suited.\" \"He might snap at you now and then but you'll get used to his volume in no time. Just know not to take anything personally.\" \"If that's all true, why have so many quit?\" \"Because they weren't warned.\" Again, Grace laughed. \"Do you think the warning will make a difference?\" \"It might,\" he smiled. After a couple minutes of silence, Grace asked in a soft voice, \"Do you think it's a good idea and fit for me? Be honest.\" \"I do think it's good, and I think you'll love it with any unpleasantries aside. Besides, I think Agatha may have a stroke if you turn it now.\" With this, Grace burst into a fit of laughter, then resting her chin on Tim's shoulder. \"Yes, I am afraid you may be right.\" \"So, you'll take it?\" \"I'll take it… everything will work out.\"[Chapter 14] Two days later, Grace stood in the same spot she stood several months ago. Again she looked up at the mansion. This time she felt a sense of finality. Once inside, she wouldn't get lost in the crowd. It was all about her. According to Tim, today wouldn't so much an interview as it would be a meeting. She hadn't decided if this was for better or for worse. From the sounds of it, the only way she wouldn't get the job would be if Warbucks didn't like her. \"A distinct possibility,\" Tim warned, \"through no fault of your own.\" Tim and Grace agreed it best for her to go alone, however, right now she wished for his encouragement. Agatha was more than ready to call out of work to escort her. Grace declined, deciding she didn't want to find out what her friend might do in Warbucks' presence. Besides, what did it say about herself if she couldn't walk into the building alone? She did it once before, she could do it again. Taking a breath, Grace walked up to the door and rang the bell. Within seconds it was answered by the butler who then led her straight to Oliver Warbucks' office. The walk felt shorter than last time. Then again, she didn't have to wait in the hall like before. Right away Grace noticed haste in this man's step. The knot of anxiety in her stomach pulled tighter. Warbucks must have set aside only a small window of time to meet with her. Delays would not be accepted. \"Mr. Warbucks,\" the butler said upon entering the room, \"Grace Farrell here to see you.\" \"Thank you, Drake,\" Oliver said, remaining seated. \"Welcome, Miss Farrell.\" \"Thank you, it's nice to meet you.\" Grace took cautious steps closer to his desk with her hand extended. \"And thank you so much for agreeing to meet me.\" Shaking her hand, Oliver said, \"Yes, Tim spoke highly of you. Good timing as I'm in great need of a secretary. Please, take a seat.\" He gestured to one of the vacant seats in front of the desk. \"Thank you.\" As she sat, the knot tightened yet again. What was she supposed to say next? Most of the time she was comfortable and good in these situations. Why was she letting other people's words influence her opinion of him? So far he didn't seem so bad. Distracted and not the most courteous, but not the monster she'd begun to expect. Strange, she thought, his face wasn't as hard as it appeared in photographs. It wasn't soft by any means, but it wasn't ice cold. The phone started to ring, causing Grace to jump. \"Get that,\" Oliver said. \"Excuse me?\" \"You haven't said anything for almost three minutes,\" he said, glancing up from a piece of paper. \"Might as well make yourself useful.\" Grace felt heat rush to her cheeks. How was she to know she was to speak first? With hesitation she reached for the receiver, picking it up once Oliver gave her a nod. \"Hello, Warbucks residence,\" she answered. After a moment, she said to Oliver, \"John Stephens?\" \"Tell him I'll call back later.\" Grace did as she was told and then held the phone forward again. \"He says it's important.\" \"I'm in a meeting.\" \"Oh, I don't mind if you take it.\" \" Tell him I'm in a meeting.\" Feeling dumb, she nodded and told the man on the other end what Oliver instructed. After hanging up, she kept her eyes down and awaited a comment. \"Not bad,\" Oliver said after a minute. \"The wording and delivery need work but that will come in time.\" \"You mean I get the job?\" \"Sure, you're the first candidate to answer that phone without looking full on terrified. Nervous, but again, that will resolve itself in time.\" \"So, John Stephens called as a test?\" \"No. You'll find the phone ringing frequently. Tomorrow I will give you a list of calls I accept, and another of ones I decline along with what excuses to give which people.\" \"Forgive me,\" Grace said, clearing her throat before continuing, \"but don't you wish to know more about me? My job history? My strengths and weaknesses? Anything?\" \"Tim told me you currently hold a couple of jobs and have for some time. That tells me enough. You can handle a full schedule. I find that trained secretaries have trouble adjusting to the way I run my business. I need someone who won't argue my methods.\" \"What are my hours?\" \"You start at seven. I like to go over the day at breakfast so don't bother yourself eating beforehand. I don't have a specific time for you to go home. It will change day by day. Your average dismissal time will be around six, but that isn't set in stone.\" \"What about weekends?\" \"I grant Sundays off. Sometimes Saturdays.\" \"Sounds good.\" To her surprise, a small smile appeared on Oliver's face. \"You don't haggle or flinch. I like that. We will get along fine.\" Grace, too, let herself smile as she let out a silent breath. Days of nerves melted away in a second. Much as she had the first time Grace went to see Warbucks, Agatha spent her day counting the hours until she could go home. Chores were rushed in order to get out before dinner, hoping Ms. Tatum wouldn't notice the streaks on the windows or the dust under the beds. Part of her felt worried. Grace's hesitation was still apparent at breakfast. She hoped Warbucks would go easy on her. Imagine, she thought, if Grace did get the job. What great changes it might mean… She might be invited to go to those grand parties all the millionaires attend. Even just to watch would be an honor. Maybe she would be able to tag along, too. Warbucks wouldn't mind letting a friend of Grace's visit now and again, right? Thoughts and fantasies ballooned from there. That night Agatha rushed home, not bothering to stop and pick up dinner as planned. Hopefully, there would be a reason to go out and celebrate. \"Grace, are you home?\" Agatha waited a moment for an answer but didn't hear one. \"Grace?\" she called again. With a quick scan of the room, she noticed Grace's purse wasn't in its usual spot. Agatha's good mood vanished. She must be with Tim. Of course. He would have to be the first to know the news whether it was good or bad. A sudden jealousy hit her. Grace got the job… it would figure. First, she finds a meaningful relationship. Next, she gets the perfect job. Soon enough she'll marry and have children. To think it was her own fault any of this happened. Had she never mentioned the ad in the paper everything would be as it was. Whether they were better off now or then she didn't know. She made herself dinner — toast and leftover chicken. Why bother going out? Grace would be full by the time she got home. After eating, she changed into her nightgown early, made a cup of coffee, and curled up in the armchair with a book. She wasn't far into it when she heard a kick at the door. Agatha grumbled as she stood, tightening her robe around her while she walked. \"Who is it? What do you want?\" \"It's Grace, let me in.\" Agatha opened the door to see Grace's arms filled with garment bags. \"What's all this?\" \"Clothes, what do you think? Help me out here.\" Agatha took two of the bags and went back inside. \"I thought you were out with Tim.\" \"No, I'm seeing him tomorrow, remember? Did you pick up dinner? I'm starved. I'm sorry I'm late. I lost track of time. I had to pick of some business suits.\" \"Am I to assume you got the job?\" Draping the bags over the back of the couch, Grace turned around with a wide grin. \"I sure did!\" Happiness returned to Agatha, though tainted with embarrassment from her earlier pettiness. \"I knew you could do it!\" she said as she hugged her. \"Thank you! I'm actually rather excited about it now that I've met him.\" \"How is he?\" Agatha asked. \"Intimidating?\" \"I was intimidated at first, yes. Mostly because everything was so informal. I didn't know what to do or say. He was… different. That I will say. But he said that he thinks we will work well together.\" \"Thatta girl!\" \"I've never been told to go clothes shopping for a job, though. He sent me to a couple different stores. I felt strange sending the bill to him.\" \"He bought you those clothes?\" Agatha gasped. \"Only because he wants a certain tailored look.\" \"You have the one you're wearing now. It looks fine.\" \"Not to the trained eye, apparently. Besides, it's the only one I have. I would have needed to pick up a few more anyway.\" Agatha scoffed, \"What a snob.\" \"He said since I will be dealing with a lot of people, some of great importance, I need to be a good reflection of him.\" \"What a nerve!\" Grace shrugged. \"Makes enough sense to me. What I picked out today is only to get me started. Once I get going I'll get a better idea of what to buy, when to wear it, and where to wear it.\" \"Well, what about the hours?\" \"Long, as expected. And vague.\" \"Vague?\" \"I start at seven in the morning and leave when he tells me to in the evening.\" \"Sounds kind of fishy if you ask me.\" \"How so?\" \"You haven't had your first day yet and already he's spendin' money on you and has you agreeing to work unspecific hours — and he's got you thinking this is a great idea.\" \"He fronted the money for the clothes. They'll be taken out of my paycheck a little at a time.\" \"That might be worse. Clever way to pay you less.\" \"How? He will have already paid the shop.\" \"Just keep a close eye on your checks.\" \"Is it really so strange? Grace asked, beginning to feel naive. \"A little bit.\" \"But I don't understand… why would Tim encourage me so much if it was a scam?\" \"I didn't say it was a scam. I said it was odd. Don't hate me for saying this because I could be wrong and probably am, but maybe he set it up knowing it wouldn't go on forever.\" Grace, who had been sitting on the couch since coming in, stood. \"He wouldn't do that to me.\" \"Okay.\" \"I'm serious, he wouldn't.\" \"I believe you,\" Agatha said. \"It was just a thought. I told you, I'm probably wrong.\" \"It's the fact you said it or think it at all.\" \"It was a passing question, Grace, a passing thought. It doesn't mean anything. This is more about Warbucks, anyway. I care for you. I don't wanna see you screwed over by anyone. Tim loves you. I'm sure he feels the same way no matter what.\" The look in Grace's eyes came to a quick change. No longer angry, rather sad. \"What's the matter?\" Sitting again, Grace said, \"Nothing. I know you didn't mean it. Let's forget all of this, hmm? What did you get for dinner?\" \"Nothin',\" Agatha answered as she sat down next to Grace. \"What was it I say?\" \"You didn't get anything for dinner?\" \"No, I ate the leftover chicken. Now answer my question.\" \"You didn't say anything wrong.\" \"You went from wanting to punch me to looking like a dog sent outside without dinner in a matter of seconds. Tell me the truth.\" \"I didn't want to punch you.\" \"Stop avoiding the question.\" Looking down, Grace gave in. \"It's Tim.\" \"What about him? …oh crap. Did he dump you? He dumped you. Grace, I'm sorry.\" \"He didn't dump me,\" she said. \"Then what?\" \"You said that he loves me.\" Confused, Agatha asked, \"And that was personal?\" Looking at her through the sides of her eyes, Grace admitted, \"He's never said that to me before.\" \"What?\" Agatha said in shock. \"Are you serious?\" Grace nodded. \"But you've been goin' out for months.\" \"I know.\" \"And nothing?\" \"Nothing.\" Putting an arm around Grace's shoulder, Agatha asked, \"Do you love him?\" \"I don't know.\" \"How can you not know?\" Agatha said with a slight roll of her eyes. \"How can I know until he says it to me?\" \"You wouldn't be this upset if you didn't love him at least a little bit.\" Looking up in full this time, Grace asked, \"Why hasn't he said it? Why is he still with me after all this time if he doesn't feel anything more? I like him a lot, but if this isn't going anywhere I don't want to waste my time.\" \"Tell that to him, not me.\" \"I can't now. He got me this new job. I can't have this kind of conversation with him now. It'll look terrible.\" \"That's true.\" \"What can I do?\" \"You're asking me? My longest relationship was half the length of the time you've been with Tim.\" \"Please, don't kid right now.\" \"I ain't kidding.\" \"You aren't?\" \"Nope. I've known a few men and then some, but none took me seriously.\" \"Why not?\" \"Do you really want to get into that right now?\" With a chuckle, Grace shook her head. \"I guess not.\" \"Another day.\" \"Do you think I'm stuck with Tim now?\" Grace then asked. \"Maybe for a little while. Who knows? Maybe he'll say it soon.\" \"I don't think he's too good at getting close to anybody.\" \"What do you mean?\" \"Only within the past month or so has he really started relaxing around me. Before that, he was so tense whenever he held my hand or kissed me. I thought it was my fault for the longest time.\" \"What made the past couple months change?\" \"I don't know, to tell you the truth. One day we were walking home from lunch and out of nowhere he started to kiss me. I still don't know why he did or what brought it on. He never answered when I asked him.\" \"What about those nights you come home… late?\" Turing her body in near disgust, Grace gasped, \"Oh, Agatha, no!\" \"Sorry, just a question. I only assumed.\" Timid again, Grace leaned back. Is it bad I can't picture… that… with him? It's not something I think about. What's strange is that I can see us married, but it's always way into the future. Almost as an old couple after the kids are grown and no longer in the house. It's just the two of us talking and laughing a lot like it is now.\" \"Doesn't sound too exciting, but not all bad.\" Grace sighed. \"It isn't.\" A few moments passed, both contemplating what had been said. Now Agatha really felt bad for her earlier thoughts. Maybe Grace didn't have everything come to her easily. Passion was the one quality in a relationship that attracted Agatha. Somehow the knowledge that Grace didn't have any made her feel better about herself. The same with her job. Obviously, she only knew the few details Grace mentioned, but already this guy sounded like a piece of work. At least at the orphanage she was her own boss for the most part. Ms. Tatum never paid too much attention to her routine as long as everything got done. Shame came over her again as those thoughts continued. Here Grace sat worried about her relationship and embarking on a new career and here she herself was feeling relief from any hardships. \"I'm hungry,\" Grace said after a while. \"I know you ate but I'm going to go and get dinner somewhere.\" AS she stood, she asked, \"Are you going to stay here or do you want to come with me?\" \"I'll come with you. My treat.\" \"Aw,\" Grace smiled. \"You don't have to do that.\" \"No worries. Once you get your first few paychecks you'll be the one pickin' up all the tabs.\" Agatha winked. \"Oh, really?\" \"You bet.\" \"Well,\" she said as they got to the door, \"I think the places I'll take us to will insist you wear something nicer than a nightgown.\" Agatha looked down at herself, remembering she already changed for the night. \"Very funny,\" she said. \"Run ahead while I change. I'll catch up. Wanna go to the diner?\" Grace nodded. \"Remember not to leave the house in your slippers, either.\" Taking one of the mentioned slippers off her foot, Agatha chucked it across the room at Grace. \"Get outta here!\"[Chapter 15] Adjusting to Grace's new job became a challenge for not only Grace but Tim and Agatha as well. While Tim knew of Oliver's full and late schedules, he still found himself surprised when started meeting Grace for dinner at 9 PM. Agatha didn't notice much of a change at first. The orphanage had become busier than ever thanks to an outbreak of influenza. More kids meant more mess. Even worse, more kids put Ms. Tatum in the foulest mood she'd ever seen. Keeping up with the cleaning was most important until the sickness passed. It wasn't until she'd taken ill herself that she realized how little time Grace spent in the house. \"Sorry I'm late,\" Grace said she rushed into the house one evening. \"I'm glad you're still up. I saw the light on through the window. I was going over receipts tonight and completely lost track of time. I knew any place I could get a good bowl of soup would be closed and I haven't run to the grocery store yet so I couldn't make any here. Mr. Warbucks' cook was sweet enough to make a small pot for me to take home. She sends you well wished.\" Having set the soup in the kitchen, set down her briefcase in the hallway, and hung up her coat on the hook, she now stood over Agatha who was reclined on the couch. \"Are you feeling any better? I've felt terrible leaving you here alone after such a high fever a few days ago. I hope you've managed okay.\" \"I'm all right,\" Agatha said, coughing all the while. \"The headaches have gone at the very least.\" \"Good, good. Continue to rest. This is no time for your stubbornness. Don't push yourself up and about.\" \"Don't worry, I won't. I'm partly happy for the break. Ms. Tatum is driving me up the wall.\" \"Well, whatever works.\" Sitting up as best she could while Grace went into the kitchen to bring her a bowl, Agatha said, \"You've worked late every night this week. Aren't you exhausted?\" \"Not really,\" Grace answered from the kitchen. \"It's not unusual at this point. What throws me off is getting a home early.\" \"How has all of that been going? You haven't said much of it after the first month.\" Sitting down by Agatha's feet, Grace answered, \"It's definitely been a fast pace. Going into it I don't think I could have taken the job had I known. It was overwhelming at first. It still is, but I know the routine now. I love it, though. I can't thank you enough for pushing me into this.\" Agatha shrugged. \"I didn't push.\" \"You pushed.\" With a smile, she then asked, \"What about Warbucks? How is he?\" \"I can see why people give him a hard time. I didn't see his temper right away. When I did, I was startled. Now I'm beginning not to notice it so much. I'll admit that it's nice to come home at the end of the day. I tend to feel nervous around him. Tim warned me that he has a history of firing people for seemingly small problems. I don't want to be one of those people.\" \"Have you seen much of Tim? I know I'm sick now, but he hasn't been around for a long time it feels.\" \"Yeah, I guess I have been tied up all around. I saw him a few days ago. We had dinner. This sounds bad, but I keep forgetting to call him.\" \"Are you two still having those issues?\" \"Yes and no. Our relationship has progressed, but not enough where I feel it's going anywhere. And I don't know if it's because I love having this job or if it's because I'm bored of him.\" \"Bored of him?\" Agatha said as she set down two-thirds of her soup on the coffee table. \"That doesn't sound like something you'd say about someone.\" \"I know,\" Grace sighed, \"but it's the only word I can think of that fits. We never have serious discussions about the future, not that there has been much time these past weeks. It's starting to feel like a fling, but even then it's not a good one. We're more like friends. I guess it's a chemistry thing. I don't feel drawn to him how I think I should. Aren't relationships supposed to be filled with longing and heat?\" \"That's all I feel.\" \"Well, I don't with him. I haven't with anyone, really, but even less with him.\" \"Then why are you still with him?\" Agatha asked. \"…because I feel like I have to.\" \"Why? If it's dead, it's dead. You've been together long enough to know if it's not working then it's time to move on.\" \"Agatha, he got me this job. I owe everything to him.\" \"You don't owe anything to anyone. You've had this job for a long enough time, plus you were with him long before this job was even a discussion.\" \"That doesn't make me feel any better.\" \"The only reason to feel guilty is if you did have those intentions. Did you?\" \"No, of course not.\" \"There ya go. No need to feel guilty.\" Shaking her head, Grace said, \"You think it's so simple.\" \"And you think it's so difficult. Listen, Grace. I might not be the right person to give you or anyone else relationship advice. But I can assume that the longer you wait, the harder it's going to be to end things. Before you know it you might end up married to him. Is that what you want?\" \"No…\" \"I rest my case.\" Grace was silent for a minute while Agatha went back to her soup. After a while, she asked, \"What if he's the only chance I have to marry?\" \"Don't start that. Come back in a few years.\" \"I'm serious, Agatha. I'm worried. When I was working in the library and the restaurants I could see myself maybe being able to work part-time while raising a family. Not with this job. I'd have to schedule childbirth and be back in time to take notes during a meeting.\" \"So, you're saying you have to choose between the two?\" \"I think so.\" \"Grace, don't get too ahead of yourself. Don't think about kids for a while. Don't think about marrying or anything relating to it. If you like your job, great. Explore it for a while. Give it a year at least. You're blessed with time. Take it from me. I've been there.\" \"I know you have, but to be honest, you don't always seem happy with your choice.\" \"That's because my choice wasn't all my own. I made it out of my sense of duty. Yeah, in hindsight maybe I would have been better off had I tried after some guy who could take care of me. I'll never know now. As much as I complain, I'm not so sure I really do want a husband. I like the idea in theory, but can you imagine what a lousy wife I'd make? I can keep things tidy here and maybe cook a couple of meals, but as far as nurturing, though, I don't think I have it in me. Look at Rooster. Frankly, I was the one to raise him. Where is he now? Hardly speaking to me and pushing his luck until he lands in jail again. I worry about him, but I have enough resentment where I can handle how ticks me off. If he were my kid I don't think it would matter. I can't handle that and I don't want to.\" Grace set her hand on Agatha's knee. \"I think the fever has got you spilling your guts.\" Agatha chuckled. \"Maybe. If I don't remember this conversation when I'm better I'm counting on you to forget it as well.\" \"Never,\" she winked. \"You're right. Maybe I have been over thinking everything.\" \"If you have to think of something, think of whether or not you're gonna dump Tim.\" \"What do you think?\" Grace asked. \"Oh no, no. I'm not answering that question.\" \"Why not?\" \"Because if I say no, you shouldn't dump him and you follow it, I'll be the one to blame for any misery that comes from it. If I say yes, dump him hard, I'm the jerk if you stay together.\" \"You won't be to blame. I want your opinion. You're not making the final decision for me.\" \"Hey, I don't like guilt either. \"Fine, fine,\" Grace said. \"I'll keep thinking about it.\" \"Good. That I will agree with.\" Standing up, Grace pointed to the bowl that was once again on the table. \"Eat up. I want you well soon before you go stir crazy from sitting in this room.\" With a slight roll of her eyes, Agatha nodded, \"Yeah, yeah. I'll eat.\" In less than a couple weeks, Agatha was back on her feet and thankful for it. Any longer and she might have been replaced. It was strange… while she wouldn't say it aloud, she'd missed coming in every day. She missed listening to a couple of the kids who decided they liked her chatter in her ear as she made their beds and cleaned their windows. She figured what she missed most was having something to do. By now she'd read all the books in the house and even started in on Grace's needlepoint kit. Boring, but was better than staring at the wall until the good radio programs came on. Coming up to the orphanage's stairs, reality set in. If Ms. Tatum hadn't hired anyone temporary in her place, she was walking into weeks of built up filth. Depending on how much was maintained, being sick might end up being preferable. It took a long time to catch up when she first got the job, she didn't want to do it again. Well, she thought, at least boredom would be no more. Walking inside was another slap of reality. The noise. The screams, the chatter, the whines. Some days it was too much. Mornings were when the kids were at their worst. They didn't sit for their lessons, they ran around causing a raucous, and there wouldn't be an end to it until mid-afternoon. Having been away for so long, the ability to tune them out became weaker. Going straight to Ms. Tatum's office, Agatha covered her ears as though the pressure would bring her back to her own mind. Hints of fever must still be lingering. When she knocked on the door there was no answer, so she went inside and waited. She must be tending to one of the kids or supervising their lessons. Most days Agatha picked up wherever she wanted, but she thought it best to get and update and see what tasks took precedence. Five minutes passed, then ten, then twenty. No Ms. Tatum. Agatha stood up and searched around for her, not wanting to waste time. She wasn't downstairs, upstairs, in the basement, or in the courtyard. The only thing she discovered was that the kids were more hyper than she'd ever seen them before. Given this, she was surprised not to hear Ms. Tatum yelling at them to settle down. Figuring there was no point in wasting time, Agatha started the chores that needed to be done. She started with the bedrooms as she saw the fresh stacks of sheets piled in the hallways. Some of the kids stood and watched her make the beds with strange expressions. Choosing to ignore them, she went on with her tasks. Kids' brains were small. They probably forgot who she was. When two hours passed without a trace of Ms. Tatum, Agatha grew concerned. Seeking out one of the older girls, she asked, \"Hey, do you know where Ms. Tatum has been all day? She didn't know which day I was coming back, but I told her last week it would be around now. I wanted to let her know I'm here.\" The girl shrugged. \"None of us has seen her for the last two days.\" \"Two days?\" Agatha repeated. \"Are you sure? She couldn't have left you all alone for two days.\" \"I wasn't there, but a couple nights ago I guess she was yelling and having a fit and left. We thought she was comin' back, but she hasn't yet.\" \"Why the hell didn't you tell anyone?\" \"And risk our freedom? No way! It's been great here since she left. We haven't starved. Deliveries are still made and no one has asked to see her. We get to have fun now and stay up all night if that's what we wanna do.\" Agatha shook her head. \"That sounds all well and good, but there are babies here.\" \"We've fed them, too.\" \"I'm sorry, but I'm calling someone.\" \"No!\" The girl stomped her foot. \"You can't! It will ruin everything.\" \"Someday you'll thank me. I know you're havin' fun right now, but this can't go on forever. Do you really want to be among the blamed for not telling anyone? Someone is going to find out eventually and for everyone's sake, it's better sooner than later. They'll send someone else to run this place. Probably someone who treats you better than Ms. Tatum ever did.\" \"Ha, that's a laugh. Besides Betty and Sam, ain't no one been here longer than me. They're all rotten. Even if they ain't to begin with, they all go mean someday. Thank God I'm only here for a couple more years. Maybe I won't be on the whippin' end.\" Agatha patted the girl's shoulder, knowing nothing she said would be of any comfort. Giving her a flood of positive reassurance would be hypocritical. She'd been that girl once, more or less. She knew that kind of pessimism. Only this girl should count her blessings. At least she wasn't expected to provide for herself or anyone else. . . . \"Miss Hannigan?\" Agatha looked turned around to see who was at the door. After making a call to the board of orphans, she was told to stay with the children and wait for someone to come down. The wait was longer than expected. Three hours went by before the man arrived. \"You from the board of orphans?\" \"Yes, ma'am. My name is David Brooks. May I inquire as to why the door was left unlocked?\" Feeling stiff, unsure of what she'd gotten herself into, she answered, \"I don't know… I didn't realize it was.\" \"You can relax. You did the right thing calling us. We've been trying to track down Ms. Tatum without success. We will continue to search, but we are under the assumption she doesn't want to be found. She has complained a number of times.\" \"And nothing was done?\" \"We are very short staffed. Since 1919 our orphanages have become overcrowded. A couple of new establishments have and are being opened, but you understand it takes time.\" \"Sure.\" The man took a seat at Ms. Tatum's desk and opened his briefcase. \"What, Miss Hannigan, is your association with the orphanage?\" \"I guess the most literal way to put it is I'm the janitor, but I don't like the sound of it.\" Shuffling through some papers, he then said, \"You are not on the records.\" \"I'm not?\" Agatha questioned. \"There is no payment history connected to your name.\" \"That's impossible. I've been working here for a while now.\" \"How were you paid?\" \"By check.\" \"Was it signed by the state of New York?\" \"Uh… no. I think it was signed by… Ms. Tatum.\" \"Then she was paying you under the table.\" Rushing over to the front of the desk, Agatha said, \"Honest to God, I had no idea.\" \"I believe you, Miss Hannigan. You are not the one at fault here. Given the circumstances, I wouldn't put it past Ms. Tatum to do such a thing.\" \"I feel so stupid. I shoulda seen it. I never gave it much thought. I came in, did my job, picked up my pay, and went home. Does this mean I'm gonna lose my job? You know, when the new person takes over?\" Mr. Brooks was silent a moment before asking, \"How much experience have you had with kids?\" \"I dunno. I raised my baby brother pretty much and the kids here seem to like me.\" \"Would you consider taking over Ms. Tatum's position?\" Agatha's eyes widened. Her? Running an orphanage? \"I don't know, Mr. Brooks… I'd be lying if I said I have experience with that kind of management.\" \"There's nothing, quite frankly, to prepare you for this kind of job. Of course, before we make anything official we will have to go over your resume and background, but you've shown more responsibility today than Ms. Tatum.\" \"Do time to think it over before I agree to anything? I mean, this is a huge decision. I'd be giving up everything, wouldn't I? I mean, I'd have to move in here. And all by myself I'd be responsible for three hundred kids? I thought one was a struggle. I really don't know about this.\" \"I'll tell you what,\" Mr. Brooks leaned forward. \"We can do some sort of a trial run. Nothing will take place right away while we get your paperwork in order. This is an unusual situation. In the event a matron decides to leave, she is expected to train the replacement for some time beforehand. I'm sure knowing this, Ms. Tatum decided to go out without notice. It's rare, but it has happened before.\" Agatha asked, \"Who's taking over in the meantime?\" \"I have someone on her way now. She will take place until a permanent placement is found.\" \"How long would I have to think about it?\" \"We'd hope to know within a few of months. Then we will start you on a trial. First, we have to get an assessment. Right now the place appears in disarray. We have to investigate Ms. Tatum and see what her reasons for leaving were. We have to check over the children as they were left alone for a couple days at least. Our budget does include housekeeping, which is why I can't understand Ms. Tatum paying you under the table unless she stood some sort of gain in doing so. Your job here will remain, and it will also allow you to better connect with the children. There is no pressure on you whatsoever. Just keep it in the back of your mind for now. When the time comes I will approach you again on the matter. I do realize this is an unorthodox proposal, but as I've already said, there are more children than staff members. Keeping up has proved to be a challenge.\" Agatha bit her lip. Everything happened so fast, and right after such a dragged out ailment. \"Yeah… sure, okay. Yeah, that sounds fine.\" Now taking out a blank piece of paper and a pen, Mr. Brooks jotted down a name and address before passing it do her. \"Take your resume to my office sometime within the next couple of days. We can have a more proper interview then.\" Taking the paper, Agatha said, \"Thank you. Should I keep cleaning up here now then?\" \"You can go home. Come see me before you come back and I can fill you in on our plan to get this place up and running again.\" \"Okay, thank you again.\" Agatha walked out of the office feeling a strange indifference. How can receiving the greatest job offer of her life cause such indifference? Is this how Grace felt?[Chapter 16] \"Name?\" \"Agatha Hannigan. I'm here to see Grace Farrell.\" \"Do you have an appointment?\" \"An appointment? I'm here to see Grace, not Warbucks.\" \"Miss Farrell usually schedules her meetings.\" Agatha groaned, wishing the gatekeeper would give up and let her in. \"I don't have a meeting. I'm Grace's friend and I need to talk to her. It's urgent.\" \"An emergency?\" \"No, but I need to talk to her. I promise you won't get in trouble for letting me in. If you do I'll personally come here for you to pound on me, okay?\" With reluctance, the gatekeeper gave in and opened for Agatha. \"The office is on the first floor, but you best wait for an okay from one of the servants to disturb her. Better yet, you best wait for her to come to you.\" \"Yeah, yeah,\" Agatha brushed off and hurried up to the door. As any outsider coming to see Oliver Warbucks' home for the first time, Agatha stopped in her tracks and gazed up at the ceiling and up and down each wall. Incredible, she thought. Grace comes here to work every day? A man's voice sounded behind her. \"Can I help you, ma'am?\" Agatha jumped as she turned around. \"Yeah — yes. I'm looking for my friend, Grace Farrell?\" \"What is this in reference to?\" \"It's in reference to she isn't home yet and I need to talk to her.\" \"She is rather tied up at the moment. May I take a message to her?\" \"If I wanted to send her a message I would have called,\" Agatha grumbled. \"Can't I see here whenever she has a sec?\" The man let out an aggravated breath. \"I suppose if it really is so important… I warn you it may be a while. Please follow me to a room where you can wait.\" \"Thank you,\" Agatha fake-curtsied. The wait was indeed a long one. At this point, she could have held out until Grace got home. What on earth was she doing? It was well past usual quitting hours. Now thoughts of her potential job haunted her more. This is what her future held — only worse. She couldn't go home at the end of the day. The orphanage would be her home. Her days would never come to an end. Sleeping children didn't ensure a quiet night. At least Grace could get through the busiest days knowing that sooner or later she would return to solitude. Agatha's thoughts continued to spiral and soon found herself pacing the room in attempts to burn off the nervous energy. When the clock struck ten, she knew she couldn't stay put any longer. \"Leaving ma'am?\" \"Yeah, yeah,\" Agatha said. \"I'll be out of your hair, don't worry.\" \"Agatha! Wait a moment.\" \"Grace. Where the hell have you been?\" As she caught up to her, she said, \"It's been busy here. I'm sorry to make you wait. I'm free to go now so we can walk home together.\" \"What if this had been an emergency? I've been waiting forever.\" \"I'm sorry,\" Grace said as the two of them started for the door. \"I can't stress enough how hectic it gets here. Why didn't you call first?\" \"I came straight from work. I really need to talk to you about something.\" \"What's going on? — Goodnight, Drake.\" \"Goodnight, Miss Farrell,\" the butler said as he held the door for Grace and Agatha. Outside, Agatha continued. \"Something incredible happened.\" \"What is it?\" \"So, I got to work this morning and couldn't find Ms. Tatum anywhere. I figured she'd gone to run an errand. When she didn't come back, I asked one of the children and she said she'd been gone for days.\" \"Oh my goodness, what happened to her?\" \"No one knows. I called the Board of Orphans and they came right over.\" \"Are they going to find her?\" Agatha scoffed. \"Even if they do she's not gonna keep her job.\" \"That's understandable. Did you meet the replacement?\" \"I guess it's not as simple as that. Since she's been gone awhile and there's evidence that she'd misused funds they have to take some time to sort everything out. Someone temporary is coming, though.\" \"You'll still get to keep your job, though… right?\" \"That's another thing. Apparently, Ms. Tatum hired me without the consent of the city. It's my own stupid fault for not realizing sooner that she was paying me under the table.\" \"Oh no…\" \"Luckily, I wasn't fired.\" \"Oh, thank God!\" \"Actually… the man from the Board of Orphans offered me the job…\" \"Cleaning?\" Grace questioned. \"No, I mean as Ms. Tatum's replacement.\" Grace stopped dead in her tracks. \"You? Running an orphanage?\" Stopping as well, Agatha said, \"You don't have to look so surprised.\" \"I'm sorry, but you can't deny that you aren't the most… relaxed around children.\" \"Hey, I've been around them a lot these days. I won't pretend it's what I want for my life, but there could be a lot of benefits.\" \"Such as?\" \"Free room. Free food. Not having to worry about bills.\" \"You're going to be moving out?\" Agatha looked glanced down and back up again. \"Well, maybe… I haven't accepted the job yet. That's why I came to talk to you. While I could benefit, there's also so much to consider. Grace, I don't wanna be responsible for two-hundred screaming kids. You know my temper. What if I end up in the same predicament as Ms. Tatum?\" \"You won't. You have a good sense of duty.\" \"I won't if I'm driven mad by them.\" Starting to walk again, Grace said, \"You haven't yet. You're around them almost as must as you would be as head of the orphanage.\" \"Yeah, maybe. But right now I get to go home at night. I'll never be able to leave if I take the job.\" \"You'll have to go out at some point. Don't they have help for when you need to go somewhere? They can't expect you to be there every waking moment.\" \"I dunno. The man I met said they're understaffed these days. Ms. Tatum never had help. That's why I didn't question it right away when I didn't see Ms. Tatum this morning. She'd left the kids for short periods of time before. I guess she was silently leaving me in charge. I never thought much of it.\" \"I'm sure you'd be more responsible and request help.\" \"Would I, though? I used to leave Rooster alone all the time. What if that's why he's the way he is?\" \"Agatha, that was an entirely different situation and you know it.\" \"How is it different? He was under my care.\" \"What choice did you have in leaving him alone? You had to work, plus, you were still just a kid yourself. Being brother and sister your situation was personal. You aren't related to these children and it isn't one on one.\" \"I guess that's true. But one on one was hard enough. What the hell am I gonna do with two-hundred?\" Grace shrugged. \"There must be some structure and schedule.\" \"Not the way Ms. Tatum left it.\" \"Oh dear.\" \"I have some time to think it over. They have to put everything in order which could take a while. Then I was told I could have a trial period, which would really be my training. I wouldn't be moving out completely for a few months.\" Grace showed a bit of a frown. \"It certainly will feel strange not having you around.\" \"If you don't want me to take the job just say it.\" \"Agatha, if you want this job, no one can tell you otherwise. Sure, I'll miss you, but our arrangement wasn't meant to last forever. Besides, I'm hardly home anymore. There won't be much difference.\" \"I can't say I want the job for the job itself. I want it because at least I'd be doin' something, ya know? My life isn't going how I thought it should. Maybe it's time to accept that.\" \"But Agatha-\" \"Spare me the pep talk. I appreciate it but I'm afraid it's not reasonable. You got lucky. You're doing something you love. You still got your life ahead of you. Me? I didn't figure out what I wanted in time. I still don't know. I just know I wanna do something . Even if it is spending my days around loud and drippy children.\" \"You'd being doing something wonderful.\" \"I guess.\" \"I'm serious. This is a wonderful opportunity. These children have obviously been neglected. You have a chance to start over with them.\" \"That's just it. I don't think I'm capable of that kind of positive change. Sure they might be better off, but shouldn't I give them a real chance with someone who wholeheartedly cares?\" \"Can't you come to care?\" \"I have no idea.\" \"Sounds like a lot to think about.\" \"And that's why I came to see you at work. I don't know what to feel or think. I'm freaking out. I need to make a partial decision sometime within the next few days. I have to meet with Mr. Brooks, the man from the Board of Orphans, soon. I guess I won't know for sure if the offer is on the table until I go. What do you think I should do?\" \"I think you should go for it.\" \"Really?\" \"Of course. I think it will be good for you.\" \"Are you gonna be okay if I leave? Be honest.\" Grace smiled. \"Don't be silly. I'll be fine. I'm making good money now.\" \"Might be good for you, too,\" Agatha said. \"Why do you say that?\" \"You don't need an old bat like me keeping you down while you move up in the world.\" \"Agatha, stop it. I will miss you terribly.\" \"But you won't have to worry about working late and trying to coordinate dinner and errands and all that.\" \"No, maybe not, but I won't have a friendly face to come home to or to talk to… but we can visit each other. Watch, we'll end up seeing more of each other then than we do now.\" Agatha laughed, \"Yeah, maybe.\" \"But I am very happy for you. And I'm excited for you. It really is a great opportunity and I hope it will all work out for you.\" \"Thanks,\" she smiled. \"It means a lot.\" A sudden wave of emotion came over Grace. \"These past couple years have been just splendid.\" \"Aw, come on, Grace. Don't cry. I haven't made a decision yet.\" \"I'm sorry. I don't mean to. It just seems funny how fast things can change — for both of us. I have to be honest, I didn't expect either of us to be where we are now.\" \"Stop jumping so far ahead.\" \"You're right,\" Grace said as she dabbed her eyes. \"First things first.\" \"This has made me realize, though, how insensitive I was when you faced the question of a new job.\" \"Scary, isn't it?\" \"I feel it would be less intimidating going to work for a millionaire than a million kids.\" \"Billionaire, actually,\" Grace corrected. \"Even better.\" \"Believe me, it's not easier.\" \"You know,\" Agatha said, \"I was so busy thinking about that lousy orphanage that I didn't stop to meet Mr. Billionaire.\" With a nervous laugh, Grace said, \"Oh, you don't want to meet him.\" \"You bet your buns I do!\" \"Well, tonight wouldn't have been the night anyway. He's getting ready for a big meeting tomorrow.\" \"When isn't he?\" \"Seldom, that's for sure.\" \"I gotta meet him if I end up taking this job. Who knows when I'll see the light of day again?\" \"Don't over-dramatize it.\" \"Come to the orphanage one of these days and you'll see for yourself.\" \"I just find it hard to believe there isn't any help at all. Do you think Ms. Tatum maybe passed on any extra help?\" \"It's possible. But wouldn't Mr. Brooks have mentioned someone else?\" \"I have no idea.\" \"Grant me this final request,\" Agatha begged. \"As you just told me, don't jump ahead yet.\" Agatha grumbled. \"Fine. But consider it at least.\" \"I will, I will.'[Chapter 17] Agatha spent the next couple days thinking about her decision without rest. By the second day, a slight resentment toward Grace started to form. After all her pleading for help, she only gave her the same answers as the night they walked home. Tonight she worked later than ever and didn't come home until midnight. \"Oh, Agatha. You're still up.\" \"You're damn right I'm still up. I'm freaking out. If I don't go down to the Board of Orphans in the next day or so they're going to think I'm not interested.\" \"I thought you've been thinking it over?\" \"I can't make this kind of decision on my own! My entire life is a series of bad decisions. I need your help.\" \"Agatha, I can't make the decision for you.\" \"I'm not asking you to. I want your input. Give me the pros and cons. Talk me in or out of it.\" \"I really don't know what else to say. It sounds like a good job.\" \"How can you say that? I'll be giving up every ounce of freedom.\" \"You're not entering a convent,\" Grace said as she went into her room. \"If it scares you, don't take it.\" \"Where are you going? I need your help.\" \"Agatha, it's after midnight.\" \"Yeah,\" Agatha scoffed, \"I'm aware. Are you telling me I have to schedule any crisis I may have?\" \"This isn't a crisis,\" Grace said, fetching her nightgown from the closet. Agatha leaned against the door frame. \"Oh, I see. But when the problem is yours the world has to stop.\" \"I beg your pardon?\" \"When you got your job offer it's all I heard about for days.\" \"You were the one to bring it up half the time.\" \"At least I supported you! You couldn't be any more indifferent towards mine.\" \"I've already told you,\" Grace called from the bathroom, \"I don't know what you want me to say. I support whatever decision you make.\" \"That's just it. You don't seem to care what that decision may be. Yeah, you got sentimental and all, but you're not fighting to keep me here or anything.\" \"I wouldn't be a good friend if I did.\" \"But you're not telling me to take it, either.\" \"Why should I put pressure on you? You certainly did with my job and it didn't make things any easier.\" \"But it pushed you into a good job.\" \"And how do you know the job at the orphanage won't be good?\" \"I don't! That's why I need your insight. You surely have more knowledge about those kinds of establishments than I do.\" \"Why is that? You're the one who's been working there.\" \"Don't you have connects all over the city? You gotta know about these things?\" \"Mr. Warbucks doesn't personally interact with any charities,\" Grace said coming out of the bathroom in her nightgown and robe. She sat down at her vanity and brushed out her hair. \"He writes the checks and has me send them off. The only orphanage he donates to is some home for boys. I'm telling you the truth when I tell you I don't know what to say.\" \"Fine. I don't know why I thought you would actually help me anyways,\" Agatha said, turning around. \"What do you mean?\" \"You're never around. You don't even try. You don't try for me, you don't try for Tim. Hell, you practically admitted to leading him on.\" \"I did no such thing!\" Turning back, Agatha challenged, \"Really? You said you were only with him out of guilt, obligation, and out of fear that he's your one chance to marry. What, are you waiting to see if something better comes along until proposes?\" \"This is completely uncalled for and not at all related to what we are discussing.\" \"It is, in fact. Ever since you got this job everything has been about you. You can't even talk to me about something big happening for me unless it manages to fit into your schedule. I'm busy, too, you know. Just because what I do isn't as 'important' doesn't mean the time I put into it doesn't matter.\" \"I never said what you do isn't important.\" \"You don't have to. It shows through your actions.\" Near slamming her brush down, Grace swung around in her seat. \"Has it crossed your mind that maybe I'm under a lot of pressure at work? From the minute I wake up to the minute I go to bed I'm out straight. I'm lucky to get a break in the day, and when I do, I have to fit everything outside of the office into a small timespan. I can't do it all, Agatha. So forgive me if I'm preoccupied. I haven't had a second of time for myself since this job began. Because I'm out of work now doesn't mean I'm not still processing the day and trying to make sense of tomorrow. If I had an answer for you I would give it. If you want the job, take it. If you don't want the job, don't. End of story.\" Agatha shook her head. \"You of all people should know it's not as simple as all that.\" \"I don't have the energy to go over each and every detail. I'm off on Sunday. Talk to me then.\" \"The world doesn't revolve around you. My decision can't wait until Sunday. And Sunday isn't guaranteed. You were called to work the past two weeks.\" \"That's out of my control.\" \"Well, I'm sick of it. You have to make a choice. You're neglecting your friends and family. That stack of letters from your brother's family keeps growing and half of them are still sealed.\" Grace scoffed. \"You're one to talk. You've shut your brother out.\" \"…You're right. And you know what? Now I see what a lousy thing that was to do, even if he is nothing but trouble. He is still my family and my last bit of family at that.\" Again Agatha turned around, this time moving forward until she was out the front door. \"Rooster?\" Rooster opened the door, surprised to see his sister standing before him. \"Wow, ain't thought I'd be seeing you again, sis.\" \"Hi… yeah. Look, can I talk to you?\" \"About what? I ain't been in trouble lately so I don't know why you're here.\" \"No, it's not that — about you. I just needed to get out of the house for a little bit.\" \"You and Miss Perfect not getting along?\" \"Not really. But that's not why I came to see you. I want your advice.\" \"You want my advice?\" Rooster asked as he let Agatha inside. \"Yeah. See, I got offered to take over the orphanage where I've been working. It's a long story and not important. I just don't know if I can commit to it or not.\" \"You seriously asking what I think about all this? I haven't had an honest job in my life.\" \"Well pretend you did. What would you do?\" \"Locked up with a bunch of smelly kids all day and night? You're out of your mind.\" Agatha sighed. \"I guess I should'a known you'd think as much.\" \"Come on, Aggie. Don't think about it anymore. We both know you're gonna take it.\" \"Why do you say that?\" \"Because you can't turn down a job. You've taken so many crappy ones, you oughtta know yourself by now.\" \"But see, this isn't the same kind of crappy job. I'll have all the security I need. It's just… I don't know if I'm ready to give up my freedom.\" \"What freedom? You've been cleaning toilets for who knows how many years now. You never do anything fun or let loose. As far as I'm concerned you're locked up as it is.\" \"I have friends.\" \"You have that snooty roommate of yours. Face it, that's the most friends you've ever had.\" Agatha felt a rush of tears in her eyes but forced them to dry without Rooster noticing. He wasn't wrong. In fact, he was right on the money. \"So… are you saying I should take it?\" \"No, I'm saying that you will.\" \"I… think you're right. I'd be a fool not to when it comes down to it.\" Rooster went over to a trunk and pulled out a couple of unlabeled bottles. \"Seeing as you're kissing your 'freedom' goodbye, why not do it right?\" Agatha stared at the bottles. Her initial instinct was to leave while they were on a good note, but for some reason, she felt drawn to the invitation. She hadn't tasted a drink in years. Quite frankly, she could use one after the week she had, especially tonight. She was about to give up everything… indulging in one reckless night couldn't hurt. It would be a nice distraction. She earned this. Rooster poured the liquid into two glasses, handed one to his sister and then raised his. \"A toast — may you never realize what a lousy mistake you're going to make.\" Agatha nodded, and took a gulp of the bitter, yet, strangely refreshing drink. To starting over … again. With another big sip, she felt herself unwinding already. Sorry that this chapter is rushed. I've been struggling with this part of the story and I'm ready to move onto the next part. I may come back and fix this at some point, but for now I'm going to move on.[Chapter 18] 1933 The Asp pulled the limo up to a rundown brick building looking over a loud and crowded street. In an instant, the car was surrounded by onlookers. Grace stiffened in her seat. So much for being inconspicuous. When the Board of Orphans gave her the address for this orphanage, they neglected to give warning about the neighborhood. She hoped curiosity wouldn't bring harm to her or the freshly waxed automobile. \"Would you like me to knock for you?\" the bodyguard asked. Grace answered with a shake of her head. Stepping out of the car and reading the placard near the door, a sudden familiarity came over her. If it weren't for the mob of people staring at her and whispering, she would have taken a moment to figure out why. Nevertheless, she pressed forward, looking behind her in fear she was being followed. Once at the door, she rang the bell, hoping for a swift answer. Two rings later, the door swung open. Now she wished she had sent The Asp after all. \"Agatha…\" she whispered. \"Yeah?\" Agatha said with a stumble. \"Whattaya want?\" \"Um… may I come in?\" \"Look, Miss, I'm up to my ears at the moment. You peddling somethin'? If so get lost. I'm all set.\" \"Agatha… don't you recognize me?\" Agatha squinted but mostly saw spots. It was still early enough in the day her hangover hadn't subsided yet. However, something did seem familiar. \"You been here before? You here for one of the kids?\" Looking behind her again, she saw the crowd of strangers beginning to grow larger. \"May we please talk inside? There is too much commotion out here.\" \"Fine, fine,\" Agatha said, stepping aside to let her in. As they walked to her office, she asked again, \"Who are you?\" \"It's me… Grace… Grace Farrell.\" Stopping cold in her tracks, Agatha's knees nearly buckled. \"Gr-Grace…?\" \"Yes.\" \"You… you're… Wow. I don't know what to say.\" A couple of the children in the halls stopped their cleaning and created another audience. \"Back to work!\" Agatha scolded as she grabbed Grace's arm and rushed the rest of the way to the back room. Here the two stood for several seconds, not sure who should speak next. \"You,\" Agatha ended up starting, \"you look so different.\" \"You as well…\" Grace wasn't sure it was a good different, though. \"Last time I saw you… you were just a kid.\" Grace laughed, albeit, a nervous laugh. \"I wouldn't say that, but it has been a while. How… are you?\" \"Fine,\" Agatha said. \"Swell. I'd return the question, but you're obviously still working for Oliver Warbucks. Or have you moved on to the President of the United States?\" \"Still Mr. Warbucks. I'm glad to see the job here has worked out for you.\" \"Yeah. Nice not to be unemployed.\" Another silence filled the room. Her immediate instinct was to hug her. It had been years. But given what happened the last time they were in the same room together, she wasn't so sure the gesture would be welcomed. \"Tell me,\" Agatha said after Grace paced the room a few times, \"what brings you by here? Given the look of horror on your face when I opened the door I can tell you didn't come to see me.\" \"It wasn't horror, it was surprise. Outside I thought the name was familiar but I figured I'd seen it on a charity list. I came to inquire about an orphan. The Board of Orphans sent me and-\" \"Oh great, I should have known.\" \"Should have known what?\" Grace asked. \"Look, I don't know what you heard but I can explain everything. Annie, you see, she somehow got mixed up in the laundry. It was all a mistake. Yes, I called the cops instead of contacting the board first but I panicked.\" \"Agatha, I don't know what you're talking about.\" \"…you don't?\" \"No. Mr. Warbucks has extended an invitation to an orphan to visit the mansion for a week. I'm here to select one.\" \"Oh, is that all?\" Agatha said as if it were an everyday occurrence. Grace opened her mouth to speak but got distracted when she heard the closet door creek. Looking up, she noticed a little girl peering out at her, a wide grin on her face. Grace couldn't help but smile. Noticing Grace's distraction, Agatha swung around and pushed the child back into inside. \"Never mind her,\" she said when she turned back to Grace. \"Who is she? Why is she in a closet?\" \"A closet?\" Agatha laughed nervously. \"That's not a closet, it's a… hallway. Leads into the back lot where the children play. This little one is trying to come in early.\" The child pounded on the door. \"Maybe she's hurt herself?\" Grace suggested, though knew the face she saw had not been in pain. \"Nah, she's fine. Silly thing would rather be inside on a nice sunny day.\" Grace looked Agatha up and down. Something was off. Though it'd been a while since she'd last seen her, she didn't remember this way she now carried herself. Her voice had grown considerably higher within the past minute, and then it occurred to her this must have been the child who escaped in the laundry. \"Since she's already here and so eager it be inside, I would like to meet her.\" \"…how come?\" \"It may help my selection.\" Upon hearing these words, the little girl gave the door a good shove, pushing Agatha out of the way. \"Hello!\" the girl chirped. \"Hello, dear! What's your name?\" \"Annie.\" \"Hold it, hold it,\" Agatha said, stepping in front of the child and holding her arms back so she couldn't pass. \"You don't want Annie.\" \"Why not?\" Yet again, Agatha made her nerves known through laughter. \"She's… a drunk.\" With an eyebrow raised, Grace quizzed with a sarcastic nod, \"A drunk?\" \"That's right.\" Agatha reciprocated the bob of her head. \"This child?\" \"Yes. Terrible.\" Now more than before, Grace knew this was the orphan she'd be taking home. \"Well then,\" she said, taking a few steps close in Agatha and Annie's direction. \"It's a good thing Mr. Warbucks keeps the wine cellar locked.\" As she reached for and grabbed hold of Annie's hand, Agatha pulled back on the other side. \"Listen, Grace. We haven't seen each other for a while, I know, but for old times' sake, take any other kid.\" \"Why should I?\" \"Because you were my friend and you owe this much.\" \"I owe you?\" Grace asked, maintaining her hold on Annie's arm. \"You're the reason we ain't been in the same room for ten years,\" Agatha said. \"My fault? I recall you were the one who came home in a fury one day and telling me you were moving out and not to bother visiting.\" \"Because I was mad at you. You were always such a nudge I figured you would've at least called. But nothing.\" \"How could I?\" Grace quipped. \"You said some nasty things to me. Why would I have wanted to speak to you?\" \"You're right, I forgot how self-absorbed you are.\" After looking between the two adults a few times in their silence, Annie dared to remind them of her presence. \"My arms are starting to hurt.\" \"Oh, dear, I'm sorry,\" Grace said, snapping out of the bitterness she felt toward Agatha and giving her the same smile she had upon seeing her through the closet door. \"I suppose I should ask you... How would you like to stay a week with-\" \"I would love to!\" Annie answered before Agatha had the chance to object again. \"Hold on here,\" Agatha said, walking out from behind her desk and blocking the door. \"I'm in charge of this dump and I don't care what you say or what grudge you hold against me. Annie is staying here and that's final.\" \"Ah… this wouldn't have anything to with Annie getting into the laundry, would it? Because if this is so serious perhaps we should get in touch with the Board of Orphans.\" Agatha scowled. \"Fine. You win. Take her. Take her and get the hell out of here.\" Grace's initial reaction was to try and get the final word in but thought better of it before any more came out of her mouth. \"Come along, Annie.\" \"Wait,\" the little girl said. \"My dog.\" \"Pardon me?\" \"Here, Sandy!\" Out from the closet came a scruffy mutt who darted his way over to Grace, pushing her back against the door. \"Oh, my…\" \"You'll let me keep him, right?\" \"Annie, he seems like a sweet dog, really, but Mr. Warbucks isn't so keen on them.\" \"I can't leave him. Miss Hannigan said she's gonna send him to the sausage factory.\" Grace looked up at Agatha in disgust. \"This is an orphanage, not a pound,\" Agatha said. \"Let's go, Annie. He can come with us.\" Grace only half listened to Annie's chatter on the way home. Her mind raced with worry. If it wasn't bad enough the house was completely unprepared for Mr. Warbucks' arrival, now she had to explain not only Annie's presence, but a filthy dog as well. When proposing the idea of taking in an orphan, he made it clear by a list of activities that he planned out for a boy. The Board of Orphans assumed differently and she did nothing to correct them. Seeing as the responsibility would inevitably fall on her it made sense to get a say. Perhaps she was in over her head with this particular kid. She really didn't know how or why Annie was in the laundry. For all she knew she was bringing home a problem child which was what she was trying to avoid. How would she handle a boy? While it had been a long while since she'd been around children, she better knew how to care for a girl. Besides, this seemed like her last chance to experience a child of her own. For a week, she'd have the daughter she always dreamed of having. \"Leapin' lizards… is this it? Is this Mr. Warbucks' house?\" This comment snapped Grace out of her thoughts. She needed to put her worries aside right now. She had to get Annie settled in and deal with any questions she may have regarding her association with Agatha later. She was surprised they got this far without mention. Dealing with Oliver's temper was preferable at the moment. She never imagined Agatha still worked at the orphanage. Even so, what did it say about herself not recognizing the name? Sure, when Agatha used to address it, she seldom did so by its full name, but still, she had been a big part of her life for a while. Had she really become so self-involved she let details slip? Maybe there was truth to Agatha's accusation. \"Yes, Annie. This is Mr. Warbucks' house.\" \"Gee, it looks like a train station.\" Grace laughed as the car came to a stop outside the front door. They waited while The Asp came around to open the door. Introductions proved to be the needed distraction. Lost were the apprehensions of going against Oliver's preference. Agatha became a memory for the time being. The look of pure joy and excitement on the little girl's face made any trouble worth it. As she ran through every hallway in the mansion chasing after Annie and laughing, Grace knew there had to be more to the story of her in the laundry basket. Annie wasn't troublesome – she was looking for happiness. This became a common bond between them.[Chapter 19] I feel the need to apologize in case this chapter comes across as scatterbrained. As I said in my last Family Ties update, I've been struggling with a strange bout of writer's block. I decided this chapter wouldn't be written if I didn't force myself through it. Hoping once I get back into the swing of a plot it will work itself out. Thank you to everyone who has been following along! Agatha sat in her room that night in near darkness taking swig after swig of gin. Grace Farrell. Grace Farrell showed up at her door today. Though she wondered how she hadn't recognized her right away, she wished she hadn't at all. Grace was part of her past as were many others. None of them ever came back. Why her? Why now at the lowest point in her life? What made it worse was knowing Grace hadn't come seeking her out. She hadn't even remembered. She stood right there in the office without an ounce of remorse for what happened. All she cared about was fulfilling her duty. She fought her over a rotten child for the sake of arguing. And she was helpless against it. Grace held the information jeopardizing her job. On top of it all, she had no one to listen to her side. Everywhere she looked there were children. No adults. Children. Not that she found adults too much better, but at least they weren't always screaming and crying. Being nice to them made no difference. They still yelled and misbehaved and worse. She had to be tough. It was the only way to ensure they didn't burn the place down. Grace wouldn't understand this. No. She lived in a fantasy world working for that big time millionaire. She could pretend to know hardship but it wouldn't change the truth by the end of the day. Compared to most others she had it easy. All those times she tried to sympathize was fake. She never knew the feeling of being homeless, dirt poor, alone… did she ever have to make time to visit her only relative in jail? Was she plagued with a nasty addiction that has altered her entire life? Was she stuck in a dead end job with nowhere else to turn? No. Not in the slightest. By now, Grace could be anything she wanted to. Connections are everything, not to mention loyalty to someone with so much power. Agatha felt as though she could picture that woman's entire life. A rich boyfriend, probably not a husband. He spoiled her, seeing her when it proved convenient for him allowing her to continue working as she always hoped to. Now she had the kid she always wanted, for a week at least. And the brat would behave for her, she knew. How did she manage to make her own life more of a mess? It was never solid or desirable, but it wasn't ever the mess it is now. Seeing Grace more put together than ever made her realize the severity. Grace came in wearing an expensive tailored suit. And what was she wearing? A ratty old dress she convinced herself of being sophisticated six years ago in some discount store. Being surrounded by kids made it easy not to care too much about how she looked. Half the time she wandered around the place in her robe and slippers. When she knew people were stopping by, like Mr. Bundles or the grocer, she gussied up a bit more. But now she felt a sort of shame she hadn't recognized for a long time. Sure, she never thought much of herself these days. It didn't matter, though. Not enough people could see, and if they did, she didn't care about their opinion. Grace's opinion? She cared. She shouldn't, alas she did. What vindication it could have been to be on top of her game. Well-adjusted to this job she fretted so much over, organized, nice looking, happy… Though Grace, of course, would have still found a way to outshine her. It seemed to always end that way. Realizing her bottle was now empty, Agatha got out of bed and staggered into the bathroom to refill it. \"She gets ev'rythin',\" she murmured. Where was she at this moment? Drunk, as usual, counting down the moments of peace before some kid inevitably disturbs it. Did she have a new day to look forward to? No. Tomorrow would be just as it always was. She was so far gone she couldn't even find it in herself to pull herself together to fake composure by next week. Nope. She turned to her drink. She always turned to her drink. And Grace? She was probably skipping out on work to take Annie to Paris or London, some sort of sober adventure she couldn't begin to comprehend. Agatha kneeled onto the floor, or stumbled, she wasn't sure anymore. She stayed there, mixing the contents of the bathtub, trying her hardest to make sense of everything going through her mind. In her current state, all she could conclude came out in a heavy slur. \"An' I get nothin'. Never.\" \"Annie, are you all right?\" Grace asked as she tucked Annie into bed for the second time that night. She put on a brave face, but she couldn't imagine she was this unnerved after seeing a bomb thrown through the window. \"I'm fine,\" Annie said with a shrug. \"I'm not used to sleeping in a room all on my own is all.\" \"I meant about what happened downstairs.\" \"Oh, yeah. I'm okay. Sandy is a good guard dog, ain't he? No one'll get Mr. Warbucks while he's around.\" \"Yes, I suppose he did save the day,\" Grace smiled. \"Well, if you're sure you're all right…\" \"I am.\" \"Do you need anything before I say goodnight? A glass of water? A little snack?\" \"Actually… can I ask you somethin'?\" \"Of course, dear.\" \"How do you know Miss Hannigan?\" With all the commotion this evening, Grace nearly forgot what Annie witnessed back at the orphanage. Biting her lip, she searched for the right words. While she imagined Annie didn't think too highly of Agatha, she didn't want to speak ill of her. \"It's a rather long story,\" she settled on saying. \"We best leave this discussion for the morning.\" \"I'm just curious,\" Annie said, sitting up again. \"You didn't seem very happy with each other.\" \"Like I said, it's a long story.\" \"I'm not very tired. Why can't you tell me now?\" Grace sighed. \"To be honest, I don't think it's something I should be telling you. It was a long time ago, anyway.\" \"Can you at least tell me how you met? It just seems funny that you would know each other. You are both so different. Were you friends?\" Seeing there was no way out of this, Grace gave in for the sake of brevity. She sat down on the edge of the bed as she said, \"Yes, we were. Quite close friends, actually.\" \"You and Miss Hannigan?!\" \"Yes,\" Grace chuckled. \"I met her not long after I moved to New York. We were roommates.\" \"You… and Miss Hannigan?\" \"Yes, me and Miss Hannigan.\" Annie shook her head. \"But you're so nice and she's so… the opposite.\" \"Our personalities did clash quite a bit, I will admit, but for the most part it worked out well.\" \"But how?\" \"I don't know,\" Grace answered, \"it just did.\" \"Was she at least nicer back then?\" \"She could be moody but I certainly wouldn't have called her mean.\" \"Boy, then it has been a while since you've seen her.\" \"What do you mean?\" Annie turned shy. \"I just thought you knew how she was the way you were fighting.\" \"I didn't question it. At least, I took it as a personal matter. As I'm sure you heard we didn't part on great terms.\" \"What happened?\" \"I've told you more than enough,\" Grace said, standing once again. \"You've had a big day. Try and get some sleep.\" \"Aw, really, Miss Farrell. I'm not tired. I wanna know about you and Miss Hannigan.\" \"There isn't any more to know. I'm sure you've argued with some of the other kids in the orphanage. It happens when you share a space with someone. Sometimes you can work it out and sometimes you can't. Agatha- Miss Hannigan and I grew our separate ways. That's life. It's unfortunate we said goodbye with an unpleasant tone but that's all in the past. She didn't even recognize me when I first came to the door. I'm sure I've been the farthest thing from her mind. It seems to me she's made a life for herself at the orphanage.\" \"I dunno,\" Annie said. \"She's always saying how rotten her job is. She doesn't like us kids much, either. Especially me.\" \"Yes, I have been meaning to ask why she was so insistent I don't take you here.\" Annie hesitated a moment before asking, \"Promise you won't be mad at me when I tell you?\" \"Of course I won't be mad,\" Grace promised. \"I kinna ran away. I wasn't gone long. Miss Hannigan called the police on me.\" \"I gathered that much from what she told me. What I don't understand is why she was so militant about it.\" \"It ain't the first time I've tried to run away. I just never got so far before. She wasn't happy with me. When you rang the doorbell I was bein' punished.\" \"Some sort of punishment is understandable. I can't exactly condone your decision to run away. There seems to be more to it.\" Grace noticed the color drain from Annie's face, though her voice sounded steady. \"Miss Hannigan's punishments aren't somethin' you wanna know about. She was especially mad today because she was afraid she was gonna lose her job 'cause of me. But, Miss Farrell, I promise I won't run away from here. Honest. I had my reasons for runnin' away, but somehow I don't feel I gotta when I'm here.\" In attempts to ignore the first part of Annie's statement, Grace questioned, \"Why do you feel you have to run away from the orphanage? Is it really so awful there?\" Idly grasping her locket, Annie replied, \"It's worse other places I hear.\" \"That doesn't answer my question.\" \"I just gotta find my family.\" Grace gave the girl a sympathetic look before tousling her hair. \"You poor dear,\" she said. \"So, you aren't mad?\" \"Not at all.\" Grace bent down to kiss her forehead. \"I suspect you and I have some things in common.\" \"Really?\" \"Yes. But never mind that now. I want you to try and sleep. Don't be afraid to come get me if you need to. I'll either be in my room or in the office.\" Annie nodded as she rested against the pillows. \"You sure you don't need anything?\" \"I'm sure.\" Walking over to the door, Grace flipped off the lights. Just as she started into the hallway, she heard Annie's voice sound once more. \"Miss Farrell?\" \"Yes, dear?\" \"Can I ask you one more question?\" \"What is it?\" \"Mr. Warbucks…\" \"…Yes? What about him?\" \"I noticed a glass at his desk… is that why he's always so angry?\" Surprised by the question, Grace stammered, \"Um… no. No, he doesn't normally have too much to drink. His temper is just his way. You mustn't take it personally. It may seem it sometimes but he's not angry with you. You'll get used to it.\" Annie relaxed a bit. \"Okay. I'm sorry for asking.\" \"No need to apologize.\" She turned to go again but ended up stopping and turning back after a few steps. \"Annie?\" \"Yeah?\" \"Is that why Miss Hannigan…\" Annie simply nodded. . . . Much to Grace's dismay, she was called back downstairs to the office. Working with Oliver was less than a treat tonight. He wasn't thrilled by her powers of persuasion. Grace knew his decision to let Annie stay was less a matter of being convinced rather a question of convenience for him. Switching children would take up time — time he didn't have. Therefore he would continue to show his annoyance in his normal passive aggressive manner. Any other day Grace would have worried about his mood towards her. Right now her mind was too preoccupied with Agatha. Drinking? Was Annie sure? As much as she wanted to deny it, as much as she wanted to convince herself it was a child's wild imagination, she knew it was the truth. She smelled the alcohol as soon as she stepped into the building, or rather, next to Agatha. She could see it in her eyes and could hear it in her speech. What happened? She remembered her being so careful. She knew the stories of her mother, her father, and her brother. How, in an orphanage of all places, did she acquire the habit? Her mind became a never ending river of questions. Did something happen after she left? Was it really so terrible that she turned to liquor? Then, of course, there was the guilt. Many times she thought about picking up the phone to see how she was, to see if they could put their problems aside and start fresh. After all, ten years is a long time. Both of them have changed. In the end, fear won over her desire to mend ties. Agatha frightened her that last day in their apartment. Never before had she heard her rant and rave in such a way. Hearing her say today that she was disappointed not hearing from her only added to the confusion. She couldn't make heads or tails of her anymore. She wondered if she made the right decision talking to Annie. As hurt as she was by everything that happened and no matter what kind of person Agatha was today, she still remembered her as basically decent. She hoped the children saw her in the same light, however it became clear they thought the complete opposite. Agatha never took to children much, she knew, of course, but she did remember how she slowly bonded with Lindsey that one Christmas. Then again, the influence of alcohol changes a person. By the end of the night, Grace decided to give the situation forty-eight hours to sit. Today, more a less, was a shock. She needed to prioritize. Getting Annie settled was the first matter. Oliver returning home after six weeks had to be a close second. Agatha would have to be third. She could deal with her the sad day she brought Annie back to the orphanage. Maybe something good would come from it and maybe it wouldn't. All she knew was that she could not waste this week perseverating over it. A chance like this wouldn't come away – she wasn't about to waste it. From experience, she knew nothing could be solved until she had a clear head and time to let the information sink in.[Chapter 20] I've made this story my NaNoWriMo project so there are more chapters coming soon! I'm hoping to wrap up the story this month so I can then focus on Family Ties and save myself from having to bounce back and forth. Thank you all for reading and for being so patient with updates. It makes me so happy to see that people who started reading when I first started posting are still following. I can't tell you how much that means to me! *heart* The Annie fandom is so loyal and wonderful. Agatha watched from the window as Oliver descended the steps of the orphanage. The nerve. That billionaire adopting a ragged kid? Not possible. This was Grace's doing, no doubt. She should have seen this coming. This was out of spite, not for the sake of Annie or even as a good deed with bragging rights. It was a twisted game. Why else would she have sent Warbucks? And early! Grace had to flaunt her good fortune in the most desperate ways. As if Oliver Warbucks had nothing better to do than come by with the papers himself. That was Grace's job by definition. Well, it worked against her in the end, at least enough to give Agatha the slightest feeling of revenge. She charmed Warbucks like she'd never charmed before. Oh, he played hard to get, but he wanted it. Grace sure wouldn't be happy about that. When she asks how the meeting went, Oliver will undoubtedly mention her passes, which Grace would take as a threat to her job. Why couldn't she be a secretary, too? Can't be any harder than running an orphanage. Easier, probably. Grace probably never seen a stack of undone paperwork like the ones around her desk. But even with this small triumph, what now? She didn't want to admit it, but Agatha was looking forward to seeing Grace again. As rough of a falling out as they had, she still wanted to care about her. Seeing her now, she never realized just how young Grace had been. This, in turn, made her feel about eighty-five. What did she miss these last ten years? On one hand, she figured not much. Same job. What ever happened with that Tim guy? Looking for a ring never crossed her mind. And then there was the other side… Grace carried herself with much more poise. She looked… grown up. It scared her to think what she must look like now in comparison. Would she ever see her again? While, at the moment, most of her didn't want to set eyes on the traitor again, she couldn't help but miss her. Sure, she might have forgotten on some level. Alcohol tends to have that effect on memories, which was precisely the reason she loved it so much. But seeing her, eventually recognizing her face, everything came back. The laughs they had, the petty bickering they so often did, the routines, and the company. That all came to her mind at once. She couldn't remember the last time she had such a profound and detailed thought. Did Grace remember? Yes, she remembered her face, however, did she remember the good times? It seemed as though she didn't. Now with Annie around to fuel the negative, she was sure to look back on that time in disgust. Then again, why shouldn't she? Everyone else did. Even Mr. Bundles who was the only person in her life who went as far as to be polite didn't respond to her well. At least there was one good thing that came with being an old grouch… she was no longer forgotten. \"Are you all right?\" Grace jumped and nearly dropped her drink at the sound of Oliver's voice. She was so deep in thought she hadn't heard him come into the room. \"Oh, Mr. Warbucks… I'm sorry.\" She held her glass low, hoping he wouldn't notice the Brandy she took. \"I told you this morning to call me Oliver.\" Grace half-smiled at this. If only this moment could be happening at another time. Pouring a glass for himself, Oliver said, \"I don't think I've seen you drink before. Well, maybe a glass of wine or champagne here and there on special occasions.\" \"I'm not much for it,\" she said, surrendering her glass back in plain sight. \"I know I should have asked. I only wanted a couple sips. I've barely had one. It's too harsh. I thought it would help calm me down but it did the opposite.\" \"You get used to it.\" \"I'm good, thanks.\" The two stood in silence, looking at their respective glasses. What was there to say? The day began full of promise. And now? Well, there was promise for Annie's wish. Grace knew she was being selfish wishing things could be the other way. She's known Annie for almost a week, but she'd dreamt of her parents for her entire life. As for Oliver, she supposed there might be some awkwardness for a while. Their actions and words from the morning were unlike them. The fact they were true, at least in Grace's case, didn't change much. They'd been said because of Annie. Soon enough everything would fall back to normal. Then again, he did just prompt her to use his first name… \"It's hard to believe the day started with my saying I didn't want her here. Now it's ending with my wonder what it would be like if she could stay.\" Oliver said after a couple minutes. Grace looked up. \"You mean it?\" \"I think I do. The more I thought about it the more I felt I'd made the right decision. Last night startled me. I hadn't enjoyed much of anything for a long time. I didn't think I could get so enthralled with a film plot. I don't think I've been to a movie since the crash. I haven't had time. I'm starting to think I should begin making time for a break now and again. It was nice getting to sleep at a reasonable hour, too.\" She smiled. \"She got to you.\" \"Yeah,\" he chuckled, \"she did. She's a smart kid. Reminds me of myself at that age. She has spirit. She walks through life not letting anything stop her. She caught me completely off guard. I don't remember the last time anyone has done that, let alone a child. You and her both. I never imagined you'd ask to keep her.\" A light tint colored Grace's cheeks. \"If I'm being honest, I never imagined I would either.\" \"What made you?\" \"I wish I had a solid answer. Everything you mentioned and so much more. Right from the start, I've had this feeling that she needed me. I'm sure that sounds silly…\" \"No, I understand.\" \"You do?\" \"Yes, and especially after meeting that wretched Miss Hannigan. It almost tempts me to take in more of the children, or at least find homes for them.\" Her newfound hopeful mood disappeared in an instant with his words. Agatha? Wretched? Even though Annie had told more stories of her, and though she didn't peg Annie as a liar, believing everything said grew more and more difficult. She started to convince herself it was childhood exaggeration. But now Oliver was saying the same thing? Had he not mentioned other children, she wouldn't have thought twice. Most people displeased him. Her eyes made their way back down to her glass again, turning her body in the process so she could just barely see him in her peripheral vision. Forty-eight hours had long passed but she avoided any thoughts surrounding Agatha when she could. Naturally, they crept in — it was impossible not to acknowledge her when Annie made mention. Other than that, she made it a point to distract herself. The stiffness in her shoulders didn't go unnoticed by Oliver, especially with his recent subconscious attention to her. For a few seconds he wasn't going to say anything, but the words fell from his mouth. \"It's funny. Since Annie has arrived I've seen you both at your happiest and your most preoccupied.\" \"Excuse me?\" she replied, turning back slightly. \"I've never noticed you daydreaming, for lack of a better word, so much. Daydreaming doesn't feel like the correct word as you look stressed as you're staring off into space.\" \"I apologize,\" she said nervously. \"A lot has happened so fast, I guess. I'll be sure to keep focused on work.\" \"Has Annie given you any trouble?\" \"Of course not.\" She looked back at him now. \"Why do you ask?\" \"Like I said, I've noticed how stressed you've been. Not frequently, but enough.\" While it felt nice to know that Oliver was giving her enough thought to pick up on her moods, she wasn't ready to tell him about her past friendship with Agatha. Heaven knows what she did during that meeting, but it was apparent it wasn't anything good. She'd have to tell him sometime, especially if he were to continue this manner toward her after Annie leaves. Now didn't feel like the time. Not until she has to the chance to speak to Agatha again. When Oliver insisted on being the one to get the adoption papers signed, her initial reaction was relief. All she could picture was another battle like the one when she chose Annie in the first place. This time, the tug of war would be over the papers. Still, she needed to say something in response. \"Again, I don't really have a solid answer. Right now it's the thought of losing her along with the guilt surrounding it. I do want her to be reunited with her parents, it's just…\" As she trailed off, Oliver placed his hand on her shoulder. \"I know.\"[Chapter 21] Decided to post this chapter in honor of my friend annie1999fan's birthday. Happy Birthday, Rachael! Also, I realized I've covered these scenes in almost all my Annie stories but given the different nature of the relationships here (and being desperate to reach my word count for NaNoWriMo) I thought it was important. Skipping over as much as possible! The next couple days moved faster than the ones prior – something the Warbucks household didn't think possible. Between press conferences, interviews, and radio appearances it was a wonder how any of them had time to sleep and eat. Once the media day was behind them it was time to face the mob of people surrounding the gates. As much as she needed Oliver's help meeting potential couples, Grace was glad he took Annie down to Washington D.C. It wasn't necessary for her to be witness to this pack of liars and cons. Plus, she knew mayhem was likely as the meetings went on. Oliver's temper would have grown to dangerous highs. These people meant business. They were doing and saying anything to get their hands on the reward. She knew she was in for a depressing day. In any case, she was also glad Annie was finally getting to meet the President after a week of constant requests. Hundreds of discouraging interviews only added to Grace's sad mood. Somehow she hadn't expected such a turnout and hoped to use some time today to go visit Agatha. After her conversation with Oliver a couple nights ago, she knew putting it off or avoiding it wasn't an option. Things left off on a bad note the first time. If she could help it, she wanted to part on good terms. From the sound of things, it didn't seem like they would ever be good friends again, but that shouldn't stop an acquaintanceship. Two years was a significant amount of time. Not the longest, but long enough to have formed a strong bond. Even when her anger was still at its strongest, she knew she would never have a friendship with anyone else as she had with Agatha. The crowd didn't break up until late afternoon, the same time Oliver and Annie returned home from Washington D.C. No trip to the orphanage today. In a way, it worked out. If she was so much of an alcoholic a morning visit was probably most wise. However, the sorrows of the day were not over. Now she had to tell Annie she hadn't found her parents. \"Okay, Rooster. I'll admit that was clever. But the only reason I didn't recognize you was because it's nearly dark out, all right? So none of your wisecracks.\" \"I ain't makin' any, dear Sis.\" Agatha scoffed. \"Dear Sis? What do you want now? You didn't steal enough of my cash the other day?\" Holding his hat to his hard, Rooster said, \"Aggie, Aggie… I admit it was a lame attempt. I felt bad when I lost it in a poker match, honest. But I'm here now with a plan that benefits both of us.\" \"All of us,\" Lily reminded. \"Right,\" Rooster said, rolling his eyes once Lily was looking elsewhere. \" All of us.\" \"I'm listening…\" \"That kid. The one that was on the radio.\" \"Don't even mention her to me. She's out of my life and I don't need to hear that name ever again. None of them.\" \"Calm down,\" he said. \"So that chick friend of yours screwed you over. Get over it. If you listen I can tell you the way you can get back at her.\" Eyebrow raised, Agatha questioned, \"How?\" \"What we just did out there. If you fell for it anyone will. Well, a handful of people anyway.\" \"I said no cracks.\" \"You're right, you're right. We gotta work together here. This is no time for arguing.\" \"Have you taken into consideration that Grace has met you before?\" \"Come on, Aggie, that was what, ten years ago? More? She ain't gonna remember me.\" \"I wouldn't be so sure. She remembered me right away.\" \"She met me a few times. She saw you every day.\" Lily, who'd been off in the other room doing who knows what with Agatha's jewelry, reentered in time for jealousy. \"Who's this girl you're talkin' about?\" Rolling his eyes again, Rooster answered. \"That one Aggie knows, remember? We talked about this.\" \"Ooh, right.\" Agatha sat up. \"I dunno. It sounds risky. She's gonna be suspicious of anyone, I'd guess. She wasn't letting go of that kid before she even took her home.\" \"That's why we need you. You know all there is about the brat, am I right?\" \"Details and stuff,\" Lily added. \"Yeah, sure I do.\" \"Brilliant.\" \"But what am I getting out of this? I want a good cut of the loot.\" \"Of course. We'll split it three ways.\" With one loathsome glance at Lily, Agatha replied, \"Half.\" \"Half?!\" Lily squeaked. \"Half! Or no deal,\" she insisted. \"You ain't gettin' any of my money, you-\" Rooster cut in. \"Whoa, whoa, whoa. Calm down. All right. Half for you, Aggie, and half for Lil and me.\" Lily stomped her foot. \"Rooster!\" \"Knock off the whining. We'll double it the minute we get to Atlantic City.\" \"But what about the kid?\" Agatha asked. \"What about her?\" \"She comes with the money. I ain't throwin' her back in here. She'll just run away again. I wouldn't care if I knew she didn't have a place to run to.\" \"You leave that part of the planning to me. All I need from you is information.\" Agatha stared at him a moment, hoping to somehow get a glimpse of his plan through the look in his eyes, but all she could see were spots. Once they focused on the details of the room again, she stood up and walked to the closet. \"There's an envelope in one of the boxes in here. We find that and we're golden.\" \"What's going on, Grace?\" Oliver walked into the office with Annie, surprised to see a strange couple standing before him. \"The Mudges…\" Grace said, a tone of defeat growing with each word. \"Apparently their train was late getting in. Their questionnaire is the closest yet.\" \"We are so sorry to bother you, sir,\" Rooster said with a peasant's voice. \"We don't mean to be interruptin' you at this hour. You must'a been sitting down to dinner.\" \"Not yet,\" Oliver replied without any emotion. \"Oh, good. We won't keep you. We're so thrilled to be with our daughter again.\" \"The questionnaire is only part of the interview, Mr… Mudge… I'm afraid we need more proof before we just hand her over to you.\" \"Yes, of course. Shirley, hand the nice man the piece of paper you got.\" Lily nodded and did as she was told. \"Annie's birth certificate. I've held with me all these years.\" Oliver took the paper, less than amused with these people. He glossed over the paper and was sad to see everything matched up. \"October 18th,\" he said. Annie nodded. \"That's right. My birthday.\" Lily fell to her knees and wrapped her arms around Annie. \"After all these years…\" Annie looked up at Oliver and then at Grace, unsure what to make of any of this. \"There is one more thing,\" Oliver said as he passed the paper to Rooster. \"Oh, well, I don't know what you have in mind, but I do feel it's important to make mention of a little trinket we left with her.\" Reaching into his pocket, Rooster pulled out a handkerchief that held the second half of Annie's locket. \"I don't suppose you still have this, do you, Annie? You were so small… I'm sure by now-\" \"Oh, Ralph!\" Lily squealed. \"She's wearing it! She does still have it!\" Oliver immediately looked at Grace. To his surprise, her expression hadn't changed with this new bit of information. Instead, she was locked in a hard stare in the other man's direction. \"She's our Annie,\" Lily finished. \"She sure is,\" Rooster nodded. Not wanting to give in easily, Oliver said as he walked around to his desk, \"So, I take it you heard about the money.\" \"Money? Oh… we didn't know you were looking for money. But why shouldn't you? Taking care of her and all that. We know it ain't cheap to raise a baby. That's why we had to give her up for a while. We ain't much better off now, but enough to be able to care for her. How much are you looking for?\" \"You didn't hear about the reward?\" \"What reward?\" Lily question. \"On the radio. In the newspapers. Surely you've heard,\" Oliver said. \"No, sir,\" Rooster answered. \"We've been traveling for the past couple days.\" \"So… you just happened to be on your way during this time?\" \"Dumb luck,\" he laughed. \"I'll say it is… Well then, if you'll step over here I'll write your check while Annie packs her things.\" \"Sir, we aren't lookin' for no money.\" \"Having Annie back is reward enough.\" Rooster in lead, the 'Mudges' took a couple steps back, then halting. \"However… any money you might be offering would help with Annie. We want to make up for all this time and give her what she deserves.\" \"I see.\" \"Oh, Ralph, what a good idea! You wait here, I'll go help Annie.\" \"No,\" Annie said, moving away before Lily could reach her hand. \"No, thank you. Grace can help me.\" \"If that's what you want, angel.\" Grace, finally moving from the same spot she'd stood in since Rooster and Lily's arrival, followed Annie out of the room. She didn't know why, but for some reason, she could not take her eyes off of 'Ralph Mudge' no matter how hard she tried. There was something about him that was too familiar. But what? Even his voice sounded like someone she'd met before. No matter how hard she tried she couldn't place it. She felt closer placing the face, but ultimately there was too much going on for her to focus. She was sure the answer would come to her tonight as she tried to fall asleep. Right now she knew there were more important things to focus on — like saying goodbye to Annie. This would be more difficult than anything else she'd encountered this past week. Though it was impossible not to hear bits and pieces of the conversation, it took until she was upstairs for any of this to hit her. . . . Annie sighed in between the clicks of her suitcase. \"I'm all packed.\" \"Already?\" Grace asked. \"You hardly have anything in there.\" \"I know, but it's all I need. My folks are clearly poor — and that's okay by me. I'm happy to have had all these nice things for a little while. You think you could maybe bring what I'm leaving behind to the orphanage? I know they'd love them.\" \"You're a good kid.\" \"It won't be weird seeing Miss Hannigan?\" Forcing a smile, Grace waved her hand. \"Nah. I was thinking about stopping by there anyway.\" \"You're not gonna get her fired, are you? I know I said some things I probably shouldn't but if what you say about her being nice when you knew her are true I'd feel bad. But maybe talk to her? Tell her how awful all the kids feel and make her change?\" Grace sighed. \"I'm afraid it won't be as simple as that, dear. People don't change overnight, though, it can seem it sometimes. I will talk to her and find out what's happened. That is if she's willing to speak with me. You saw what happened before.\" \"If I'm not around maybe it'll be different.\" \"That's true.\" \"I hope for the other kids' sake you'll be able to.\" \"So do I.\" \"…Grace, are you crying?\" Grace bit her lip in attempts to distract her from the oncoming tears, but it was no use. \"I apologize. There's no reason for you to see me like this.\" \"Are you sad about Miss Hannigan? Or about me…?\" Setting the dresses and hangers down on the bed, Grace went over to where Grace was sitting. Holding her hand out, she helped Annie to her feet and hugged her as tightly as she could. \"Both,\" she said, \"but mostly because I'm going to miss you.\" \"I'm sorry, Miss Farrell,\" Annie frowned into her stomach. \"Don't apologize. Just because I'm going to miss you doesn't mean I'm not beyond happy for you. It's not every day lifelong dreams are recognized.\" \"Yeah… I always pictured meeting my parents. But not like this.\" Stroking Annie's hair, Grace said, \"Often times things don't play out how you planned them.\" \"I hate having to leave, but I'm happy I got to come here and meet everybody. Especially you and Mr. Warbucks.\" \"We're happy, too.\" \"You'll come visit? I'll write you all the time, I promise.\" Grace nodded. \"And be sure give Sandy a kiss for me every night, too.\"[Chapter 22] \"Quick! Quick, Rooster! Stop the car, you moron!\" Rooster slammed on the breaks to the truck. \"Stop your yammering and get into the damn car! And if I were you I'd be nicer to the people who are holding on to your twenty-five grand. Now inside the car, more or less, Agatha ripped off her hat and glasses. \"Excuse me if it makes my skin crawl being around here again. Now go! Go before they suspect anything.\" Annie looked back and forth between all of the adults, suddenly very aware these people were not her parents and that she was in danger. \"I'm going, I'm going!\" \"I can't believe she's gone…\" Grace and Oliver stood in the foyer looking out the window. It'd been a good few minutes since the lights disappeared down the road. \"Neither can I,\" Oliver agreed. \"My uneasiness about this isn't making it any easier, either.\" \"Uneasiness, what do you mean?\" Grace shrugged. \"I don't know… Did that Mr. Mudge seem at all familiar to you?\" \"No, why?\" \"I swear I've met him before. I thought maybe we'd encountered him at some charity event.\" \"I doubt it. They aren't typically held in farm country.\" \"It was just a thought. If you don't recognize him then maybe it was somewhere else. If only I could remember where…\" \"Don't take this the wrong way because I didn't want to see her leave either, but is it possible your desire for her to stay is creating this recognition as some sort of excuse? Oh sure, she thought. Now he chooses pay full attention to her. \"It's more than that. Believe me, this was one of my first thoughts as well. The feeling is nagging me to no end. Even saying goodbye to Annie, I was trying to place him in the back of my mind.\" \"This isn't like you at all.\" \"I know it isn't. You have to believe me, Oliver. Something feels wrong. Even Annie didn't seem happy.\" \"I have to say, she was more excited at the thought of meeting her parents on the trip home from Washington this afternoon. The way she was chattering to Punjab on the way into the house and her wide eyes asking you if her parents had come…\" \"But we can't rule out the possibility she was picking up on our emotions. I felt like a fool letting her seeing me upset about her leaving. I didn't give her much of a chance to be happy.\" \"Don't blame yourself,\" Oliver said. \"Remember when Mrs. Mudge offered to help her pack? She avoided her and wanted you instead.\" \"That's true, but aside from Mrs. Mudge, none of us were speaking in the happiest of tones.\" \"Would a child really pick up on that?\" \"Absolutely, even more than an adult would.\" Shaking his head, Oliver breathed. \"It's all too much to take in. Let me know if you remember.\" \"Where are you going?\" \"To my study for a little while.\" Grace knew this meant she was not to follow. In a way, she was okay with this. It meant she no longer had to hold back the sorrow she was feeling as she ran upstairs to her room. . . . After a good cry, Grace forced herself to pull together. Nothing would be solved this way. Whether Oliver's suggestion was right or wrong, she needed to follow her gut instinct. If not for Annie then for her own sanity. Oliver was pretty good with faces so if he didn't recognize Ralph Mudge at all there was a good chance she'd met him separately. She knew for sure he wasn't someone she saw on her usual runs outside of the mansion. He said they were from New Jersey, but Oliver was with her for anything out of state. Given his apparel and the fact the familiarity was foggy, he couldn't be anyone she knew through this job. Her heart sank at this thought. Having worked in places like the bakery and deli, there was a good chance he was a regular customer who'd been buried in her memory. She remembered a few still and even ran into one or two now and again. This man could have been one of the ones she didn't interact with often or knew by name. That had to be it. She'd already gone through every other possibility. An internal back and forth persisted for a few more minutes but Grace eventually surrendered, too tired to go on any longer. Oliver wouldn't have said anything if he hadn't honestly thought it were the case. The gut feeling was still there, but it was now mixed with too much confusion. It would be best to keep her mind busy on something else for a while. Unfortunately, the topic she chose wasn't the happiest, and this, of course, was Agatha. With Annie gone, she had no choice but to shift her focus back to her one-hundred percent. She'd put it off long enough. Soon it would be too late to do anything. She wasn't sure why exactly, but she knew she wanted to catch up. The hurt was still there as well as the anger, but now more than a week ago she yearned for healing. Since they parted she had made wonderful friends at the mansion, but none of them were quite like the friendship she had with Agatha. They were most likely healthier now, but different nonetheless. Wanting to get the Mudges off of her mind, Grace went into her closet to dig out a box she'd been thinking about all week. Once it was unburied, she brought it over to the window seat and dug out the particular item she was looking for. This didn't take long, and soon she held a large photo album in her hands. She hadn't looked at these in four years. A sudden knot formed in her stomach. Looking at old pictures was never easy, especially with how much things had changed. Taking a deep breath, she forced herself to open to the first page. Right away she spotted a small photo of Agatha taken about a month after they met. She remembered the day well. By this point their house began looking like their home. Agatha gave her a hard time about taking the picture but Grace won her over in the end. Nonchalantly, she smiled. Those early days had been so much fun. What went wrong? What changed so drastically that resulted in so much anger? Things grew complicated when they started new jobs. In her heart she knew their problems were two sided but it was easy to put all the fault on Agatha. She was too unpredictable. One minute she encouraged taking a risk and the next she took on the role of the victim. What had she expected her to do? Quit her job because she wasn't home enough? They weren't a married couple. These kinds of expectations weren't reasonable. It was like she expected they had to spend all of their free time together. While she liked chatting, shopping, and generally spending time with Agatha, work had to come first at that point in her life. Often times she still put business before anything, though, now she was starting to feel the need to settle down. Agatha just didn't understand. Though she spoke more about their difference in age more often, her actions seemed to forget. Did she not once take into account that they were in different places? Grace never felt like it was too late for Agatha to make something of herself, but there wasn't much that could be done if she didn't have the drive. And she didn't. She settled for dead ends. She thought of herself as a hopeless nobody and that's what she became. Look at her now: Drunk, bitter, and lonely. The question had entered Grace's mind if things would have been different had she reached out, but she couldn't allow herself to take on the guilt. Agatha did this to herself. If other people's opinions and actions had such a profound effect on her life then she needed more help than she thought. Grace had to take care of herself as well, and she wasn't ready to settle for mundane. Not now, and not then. She flipped through the pages one by one, taking time to look at each one and remember the day connected to them. Not all the photos were of her days of knowing Agatha. Some were more recent from the last time she opened the book. Some memories were sadder than others. Seeing the old family portrait from when she was a child was harder than anything else. It was hard to believe just how much time had passed since then. The following pages were no easier. She was almost to the point where she didn't think she could go on when she turned one more page. On that page, she noticed a photograph that suddenly clicked everything into place.[Chapter 23] \"Oliver!\" Oliver, I need to talk to you!\" Grace pounded on the study door until Oliver opened. He was less than pleased by the racket but his expression turned serious when he saw the panic in Grace's eyes. \"What's the matter?\" \"I remembered. I know who Ralph Mudge is.\" \"Who is he?\" \"You're never going to believe me and I don't have time to explain. Long story short, he's Miss Hannigan's brother.\" \"You're right, I don't believe you,\" he said without a moment of consideration. \"Please!\" she shook. \"You have to. Annie is in trouble. You have to humor me!\" Holding on to both of her arms, Oliver attempted to steady her. \"Grace, you're overtired and you're upset. Take a deep breath and think about what you're saying. How would you know Miss Hannigan even has a brother, let alone know what he looks like?\" Just as she was going to break down into tears, they heard a sudden commotion downstairs. \"What's that noise?\" \"It sounds like a bunch of kids…\" The two of them rushed into the hall. From the top of the stairs, they saw Punjab and The Asp leading in six children all shouting and crying. Oliver rushed ahead of Grace. \"What's the meaning of this?\" Every girl yelped at once. All any of the adults could gather was something about Annie being taken. \"Slow down,\" Oliver said. \"We know Annie is gone. Her parents left with her not too long ago.\" \"No, mister!\" the youngest orphan cried. \"They wasn't her parents. They's bad people! Miss Hannigan!\" Oliver looked back at Grace who was standing a few steps above him. She was right…? Without leaving a second for anything else to be said, he leaped into action. He spewed out commands and within sixty-seconds, everybody in the house was in motion. Annie wasn't sure how long they'd been driving, but the three adults had grown quiet. This worried her. What if they were close? What were they going to do to her? How would she get back to Grace and Oliver? And how on earth was Grace ever friends with the woman kidnapping her? She needed to think. She needed to think hard and figure a way out of the car. If only she had the window seat… or if the truck had a back. Being stuck between the three of them and with Rooster's death grip on her she could shake free. This didn't leave her much to try. Instead of trying to outsmart them all, she decided to try the kid approach — asking to stop for the bathroom. It took several tries but, at last, the car pulled to the side of the road. A groggy Agatha stepped aside to let her out, telling her to be quick. Annie had never been more thankful for her hangovers. In a flash, she swiped the check out of Agatha's hands and made a run for it. This angered Agatha, but not half as much as it infuriated Rooster. The look she saw was unlike any other look she'd seen from anyone before. His face turned bright red and any trace of a soul left his eyes. The expression haunted her, especially as he said from dark depths, \"I'll kill her.\" Money was no longer important. The fact the child tore the check, her last bit of hope for the future, into a dozen pieces was no longer troublesome. She should have known. She should have known Rooster's intentions for Annie. It made sense from his perspective. Annie knew too much and had a place to run to. Had she realized his plan, she never would have played along. Sure, Annie was rotten and it was time for Grace to learn that sometimes life sucks, but murder wasn't in order. Agatha wasn't one to think fast, so her reaction was complete instinct. Chasing after her brother, she screamed at him, begging him to stop. Annie kept running ahead until there was nowhere left to go but up. Agatha was grateful to at least be able to buy the kid some time by grabbing Rooster and pulling him back to the ground as he started to climb up the bridge after her. To her dismay, this delay wasn't much and Rooster knocked her unconscious before she could do or say anything else. Grace and Oliver sped down the streets of New York in the direction of New Jersey. For all they knew this was the opposite direction than Annie, but it was all they had to go on. Aside from directions and relaying messages from Punjab on the car radio, nothing was said between them. Grace was more than thankful. When this was all over, and hopefully with Annie back safe with them, she knew she was going to have a long story to tell to her boss. This wasn't how she wanted to explain things. In fact, she'd figured with Annie gone he never needed to know. It wasn't important anymore. Or was it? How could Agatha do this? She was better than this, she knew it. No amount of alcohol could have turned her this way. She suspected Rooster was the mastermind behind this, but even so, she couldn't imagine Agatha playing along. Then again, there was a small chance she was back at the orphanage oblivious to everything. It could be some strange and horrible coincidence. Alas, there was too much evidence indicating Agatha's help. First of all, Annie's birth certificate. Though likely fake, Rooster still managed to include the correct birth date. He must have gone to Agatha for information. Even if she wasn't in the truck along with them, this would make her an accomplice. Then there was the matter of the locket. She hadn't got a good look at their half herself, but it seemed to have fit perfectly. Where did they get it? Her only assumption was that the note left with Annie had been written out of guilt. Somehow, Agatha obtained the other half. Rooster wouldn't have known about it, let along be able to bring the necklace with him to the interview without meeting with Agatha. And going by some things Annie had said about her, it pained her to know she must have stood a gain. None of this made sense, or rather, she didn't want it to make sense. The truth of the matter was that it did and there was nothing she could do about it now. Should she have gone and seen her at the beginning of the week? Would that have made any difference? Had she done this as a way of revenge for whatever hostile feelings she held against her? The thoughts and questions were enough to make her sick. And with the speed and sudden turns of the car, it was a miracle she wasn't. When Agatha came to, she was surprised to see how many people had arrived at the scene. The flashing lights pierced her eyes and the sirens made her wish Rooster could hit her again. She closed her eyes again for a brief moment, but then found herself being helped up by two policemen. She was sure they were going to slap cuffs on her, but instead, they handed her off to one of the paramedics while they went after Lily. The look on her face was almost worth the swollen eye. She didn't dare look up and see how high Annie and Rooster were. She wasn't sure if she felt more guilty, angry, or humiliated. Had it not been for her, Annie's life might not be on the line. Then again, with such a handsome reward, Agatha was sure Rooster would have found a way to claim it one way or another. Angry because after all this time, after all the lousy things he's done to fellow human beings, Rooster still hadn't changed. If anything, he had become worse than ever. It scared her to think that Annie, God forbid he's successful, might not be the first person he's killed. The fact he knew how to get away clean was downright terrifying. And then humiliated because he shared her blood. No matter how hard she tried, no matter how much she drank, there was no escaping who she is. She is a Hannigan and this is how Hannigan laugh. Rooster learned how to handle life from their father and her their mother. Most days she lived with feelings of hopelessness, but never feelings quite this strong. A few more cars drove up. From a distance she could see Grace climbing out of the passenger side and look up at Annie. Though too far to see great detail, she knew by the stiffness of her arms as she reached out for Oliver that she was in distress. Part of her wanted to rush over to her and apologize. Apologize for Annie, apologize for the horrid thoughts she'd had about her that week, and apologize for everything that happened years ago. Maybe she played a bigger part in their falling out than she allowed herself to think. Maybe she was the sole cause of it. It wouldn't be much of a surprise right now, after all, evil was in her genes. The desire was strong, but the fear and shame were stronger. Grace didn't want to see her right now. Chances were she wouldn't want to see her ever — unless it was at trial. By now she must have figured out her connection. Quite frankly, she was surprised it'd taken her this long. Unless she had nothing to do with questioning the people claiming to be Annie's parents. Either that or Rooster was more and more clever than she thought. Grace didn't think to look around for Agatha. Her eyes were locked on Annie. No matter how loud the policemen and paramedic's shouts were, no matter how noisy the buzz of the autocopter, all she could hear was Annie's cries carried by the wind. She didn't even notice Oliver's tight hold on her hand until he yanked her to the side to make way for the authorities. The distraction was fleeting, and soon her complete focus was on Annie and Rooster. All she wanted to do was climb up after her and make sure she was safe. She was already over the edge and Rooster was much stronger. It was only a matter of time until she fell and she wasn't confident anyone could catch her in time. And then she saw Punjab overhead, risking his own life for the child. It was fascinating in a way, wondering how he would handle what needed to be done. What a relief it was when he kicked Rooster away and down the tracks. Her eyes strayed from Annie until he reached the bottom and then they were right back up into the air. Punjab had a hold of Annie now and they were slowly lowering to the ground. Agatha watched the happy reunion to avoid watching her brother and his girlfriend being cuffed and thrown into the back of a cruiser. Quite frankly that was worse than seeing Grace, yet again, get a happy ending. She was surprised no one had questioned her yet. It didn't take a genius to know she arrived with Rooster and Lily. Just because she'd become a momentary victim didn't clear her name. It came to the point where she began pacing around where the remainder of the officers stood to give them a reminder. Where would she go if they didn't arrest her? Not back to the orphanage. There was no point. The minute this story hit the morning papers she was out of the job and exiled from most others. And while she couldn't put the feeling to words, she couldn't face the children after seeing what happened to Annie. She still couldn't stand the brats, but she couldn't be the one to hurt them any longer. She wasn't sure if she felt remorse. She really didn't feel much of anything. She looked over at Grace, Annie, and Oliver again, just in time to see Annie pointing in her direction. This is it , she thought. A strange feeling of peace came over her. At least she'd have a bed tonight. The peace remained, though, got mixed with anxiety when they all started leading the policeman toward her. Not wanting a long and drawn out ordeal, Agatha held her hands out for the policeman. \"I'm not arresting you, Miss Hannigan.\" \"You're not?\" \"I'm just as surprised as you are,\" he said. \"Annie here says you tried to save her, is this correct?\" \"Um, well… yeah? Sure. I suppose.\" Nervously she scratched the back of her neck. \"I tried pullin' him away if that's what you mean.\" \"That's what I mean,\" the policeman said. \"Looks like you're free.\" \"… Thanks.\" With a goodnight and a tip of his head, the policeman went to join the other officers, leaving Agatha alone with the others. \"Well, Miss Hannigan,\" Oliver said, clearing his throat. \"I suppose we do have to thank you, but I hope you realize I'm going to see to it personally that you are out of the job.\" \"I understand.\" \"That was an awful trick you tried to pull.\" \"I'm aware.\" \"Next time you might not be so lucky.\" Any other time Agatha would have argued back. Not tonight. She was spent and she knew there was no point. She surrounded. It was clear now that he truly gets his way every time. That paired with Grace was a force she didn't want to mess with. She simply nodded, hoping he was through. \"Do you have anything to say for yourself?\" Agatha looked up, anger coming into her eyes. Giving up didn't mean she couldn't let her temper show a little. \"Oliver, I think you've made your point,\" Grace said, pushing his arm a bit. \"Why don't you take Annie to the car?\" \"You're not coming?\" \"I'll be along in a minute. I want to… make a statement to the reporters.\" Oliver shook his head. \"I'll do it myself tomorrow.\" \"The longer we wait the worse it will be. I can handle it, honest. You'll do the formal one tomorrow morning.\" Oliver raised an eyebrow at this, but figured in regards to Annie she knew best. After dismissing her hunch about Rooster, he would be hard-pressed to doubt her again. Satisfied that Oliver and Annie were out of hearing range, Grace looked at Agatha, forcing herself to make eye contact. However, Agatha spoke first. \"Now it's your turn, huh?\" \"I beg your pardon?\" Looking Grace in the eye made her thoughts from a few minutes ago dissolve. All at once she was back to where she was ten years ago. \"Give it up, Grace. I'm not buying your act.\" \"Agatha… all I was going to say was thank you.\" \"Yeah, sure. Sent them away just for that.\" \"I don't believe this,\" Grace said, bringing a hand up to her forehead. \"Here I thought I could have a minute of normal conversation with you.\" \"Oh right, everything's normal. Maybe for you now, what about me?\" \"Yes, what about you? What has you so warped that you thought you could get away with stealing Mr. Warbucks' money and kidnapping Annie. I do appreciate your change of heart, but you still went along with it in the beginning. Now you're being defensive about it? You're getting off easy. The least you could do is say thank you in return.\" \"Why the hell should I say thank you? You show up after ten years and expect me to be grateful? I didn't try she stop Rooster for you. Believe it or not, I'm against manslaughter.\" Her sudden change of resolve came as a surprise — she couldn't control her words. Apparently, Oliver's reprimands bothered her more than she realized. Grace wasn't sure what her intention of this conversation had been, but this certainly wasn't it. \"I didn't think you did it for me. All I'm saying is that you could give me a chance to speak before assuming I'm going to condemn you.\" \"Why should I? So I can go back to being a meaningless figure from your past? So you can go on your perfect and happy life knowing you've done your charity work?\" \"You know what your problem has always been?\" Agatha rolled her eyes. \"I'm sure you're going to tell me.\" \"You're full of hot air. You spout off with phony confidence and think you're superior. You've always played the victim. Well, Agatha, there's a time when people get tired of listening and walking on eggshells. The self-pity has to end sometime. How about you toughen up and do something productive. If you hated your job so much, why didn't you move on? And don't use the economy as an excuse, I know what you did in that orphanage went on much longer than The Depression has.\" \"It's none of your damn business.\" \"I don't care. Someone has to tell you. It's time to grow up. I'm sorry you had a horrible life, I'm sorry you think I abandoned you, I'm sorry you hate yourself, but there's only one person who can change the way your life is going and that's you.\" \"Spare me!\" Agatha shouted. \"I don't need you or anybody to tell me what's wrong with my life. I know damn well what my faults are.\" \"Then do something about it,\" Grace replied, clenching her jaw to keep her volume low. The reporters were starting to look their way. \"Just stay out of my life. I didn't need you then and I don't need you now. You think an awful lot of yourself assume otherwise.\" She then scoffed. \"To think ten minutes ago I was figuring out a way to apologize to you.\" \"You were?\" \"Don't turn sweet now. You've said what you needed to say.\" \"This isn't how I wanted to leave things.\" \"Wasn't the way I wanted either but what else can we expect? When it comes down to it we never got along and we never will. So just go. You don't need me in your life and I most certainly don't need you in mind.\" Grace shook her head. \"That's not true, Agatha.\" \"Leave Grace. I'm done talking.\" \"But where are you going to go? You can't stay out here.\" \"Don't pretend you care. I've been in situations like this before, not that I expect somehow like you to understand.\" \"And what is that supposed to mean?\" \"You know damn well what it means!\" \"Ladies, do we have a problem here?\" A different policeman than before cut between them. \"Nothing,\" Agatha answered. \"We were just leaving.\" The policeman looked at Grace, whose face had turned ashen white in a matter of seconds. Her voice was low but firm. \"Fine. Have it your way. I have to talk to the press. Officer, if you wouldn't mind, please take her back to the city.\" Agatha huffed. \"I don't need your help.\" Once more, Grace shook her head. Then turning her back on Agatha and the officer said nothing more. Any sentence she chose to speak would be one forever on her conscience should Agatha not survive the night.[Chapter 24] Oliver knocked on the door to Grace's bedroom. A risk, he knew, given their recent flirtations. He tried to sleep but tossed and turned. In part due to Annie, but also Grace's demeanor since they left the bridge. By now the sun was beginning to shine through the windows. Knowing Grace and her solid routine, she would at least be woken by the rays of light. If she didn't answer he would leave her be. Instead of a closed-door greeting or question, Oliver was startled to see the door opening. She looked just as surprised when she noticed Oliver standing on the other side. \"Oh,\" she said, crossing her arms over her nightgown. \"I thought you might be Annie.\" \"I apologize. I know I shouldn't be here.\" Grace responded as she searched for her robe. \"It's all right.\" Cautiously taking a step forward, he explained. \"I wanted to make sure you're okay.\" \"Yes,\" she answered as she threw the first robe she could grab over her shoulders. \"Why wouldn't I be?\" \"Gee,\" he replied with a note of sarcasm, \"let me think…\" \"You know, I'm not sure I recognize you this past day or so.\" \"Is that a bad thing?\" With a grin, she answered, \"No.\" \"Will you please answer my question?\" \"I did. I told you I'm fine.\" \"You didn't say three words on the way home. I saw you arguing with Miss Hannigan. What happened?\" \"It was nothing,\" she said. \"I lost my temper, that's all.\" \"I can see that, but what prompted it? With a shrug, she replied, \"The stress of the day got to me.\" \"I understand that, but it's not like you. She seemed just as angry.\" \"Yes, I suppose she did.\" \"Is there something you aren't telling me?\" Grace sighed. \"It's got to be nearing five o'clock in the morning, Oliver. I'm tired and I can't sleep. That's not a nice combination, to begin with. I've been laying here for the past two hours trying to forget everything that happened tonight.\" \"Believe me, I know what that is like. I also know the more you try to forget the more you end up remembering.\" She looked up at him, though keeping her head down the slightest bit. She wasn't ready to tell him, nor did she feel she ever would be at this moment. Agatha made her feelings clear tonight. If she didn't want their paths crossing again she sure wasn't going to fight it. There was nothing else to say. Communication was two-sided. If Agatha was going to bite her head off with every utter of a word then good riddance. \"I appreciate your concern, really I do. Maybe I'll feel differently whenever I do manage to get some sleep but don't count on it. Whatever happened today doesn't matter. It's over and done with. Annie is safe and here to stay, that awful man is behind bars, and now we can go on with our lives just as we would have if Annie hadn't been expecting her parents. Everything is fine.\" \"You sure don't look or sound fine.\" \"Thank you,\" she said sarcastically. Oliver rolled his eyes. \"Come on, you know what I mean.\" \"I promise you I'll be back to normal in a day or two. It's a lot to process.\" \"All right, all right, I give. But when you are ready to talk about it I wish you would.\" \"If,\" she corrected. \"Fine, if.\" He hadn't moved much from his initial spot, so this didn't give him much of an opportunity to stall, hoping to change her mind. \"I'll see you sometime tomorrow then?\" Grace nodded. \"Don't worry about being up for work. It'll be a late morning for all of us, I'm sure.\" \"Quite frankly, if I haven't slept in an hour I'm going to head downstairs for breakfast. I don't see much point in wasting time if I'm not going to be sleeping anyway. But don't worry about having to meet me in the office. I can take care of the morning tasks no problem.\" \"I think you deserve a day off.\" \"I'm sure I'll crash by the afternoon. I'd like to do what I can so we don't let any more work pile up. We still haven't caught up from when you were gone.\" \"Don't remind me,\" he grumbled. \"I anticipate by the end of next week we will be back on track.\" \"I hope you're right.\" Grace smiled before saying, \"Goodnight, Oliver.\" \"Goodnight,\" he replied. He looked at her a few seconds longer, taking notice of the fact her hair was completely loose. He'd never seen her this way before. Whether it was an excuse to stay longer or a legitimate question at this point he wasn't sure, but just as he started to turn, he asked, \"There is one thing leaving me baffled.\" \"What is it?\" \"That… Rooster? Was that what they were calling him? Whoever he was — Miss Hannigan's brother… How did you know they were related? Where do you know him from?\" \"Oh, that?\" she answered, biting her lip as though it would bring an answer to mind. When she failed to come up with a response, he repeated with increased suspicion, \"Where do you know him from?\" \"I… I saw a picture in her office. Miss Hannigan's office. When I got there I was making small talk and thought that would be an easy topic. You know, how sometimes you feign interest in someone's life asking who's who in a picture.\" \"Funny, I didn't notice any photographs.\" \"Oh yeah, right on her desk.\" She prayed he'd leave well enough alone. \"Well, I didn't really spend much time in there.\" \"What do you mean?\" \"She lured me into her bedroom.\" Grace gasped. \"She what?!\" With a puzzled expression, he replied, \"I thought I'd told you?\" \"You told me she flirted with you.\" \"She did. She was quite persistent.\" \"The nerve!\" she said under her breath. \"Excuse me?\" Look up, she shook her head. \"Nothing, I'm just… surprised. That was quite gutsy of her, don't you think?\" \"I think foolish is a better fit.\" \"Well, what happened?\" \"… That was it. She flirted, more or less, I ignored her, she gave up and signed the papers, and I left.\" \"It's the more or less that concerns me.\" A sly grin appeared on Oliver's face. \"You aren't jealous, are you?\" \"Me? Absolutely not!\" she denied, though the increasing blush said otherwise. \"You are.\" \"There is a difference between jealousy and being appalled by such unprofessional and inappropriate behavior.\" \"And what, pray tell, is that difference?\" \"You don't quit, do you?\" \"Have you ever known me to be a quitter?\" She attempted to create a clever response without luck. Knowing he'd won this end of the debate, she surrendered. \"No.\" \"Believe me, Grace,\" he said as he took a couple steps in her direction. \"You have nothing to worry about. Miss Hannigan is the last woman on earth I would want to be with.\" Grace felt the beat of her heart increase. By now it was safe to assume there was a mutual attraction between her and Oliver. The only question that remained was just how much. Increased gestures and the use of first names didn't amount to much. Watching as he took yet another step, she got the feeling that her wondering was about to be put to an end. She waited a moment for him to say something, or maybe take another step. Perhaps it was the exhaustion. Perhaps it was the intimate setting… When he didn't and she noticed he'd froze, she spoke up. \"May I ask… who your first choice would be… should there be one?\" Oliver hesitantly reached out for her hand, touching her fingers lightly with his. He'd never been good at this part in a relationship (if in fact any of the women from his past could be considered for the term). This was where he backed off. Once this point is reached, it's difficult to turn back. But for some reason, none of this seemed to matter with Grace. His fear was that he was overstepping a boundary with her she was not yet ready to cross. To his relief she didn't pull her hand away, rather, she gripped back slightly. \"Do you really need to wonder?\" he said at last. \"Maybe I don't.\" Their next move should have been avoided given the hour and their location. Neither of them could hold in and deny their affections any long. In a second, they were in each other's arm. Any worries escaped them for a few moments. What a blessing this was after the hell they'd gone through tonight. Being with Oliver right here and now gave Grace a minute away from her worries around Agatha and from reliving the scene at the bridge. After all these years, she was finally allowed to let Oliver know the truth. No more hiding and putting away feelings. Best of all, she knew by the way he kissed her and how close he held her that he indeed shared them. He chose her over any other woman. She was sure a time would come in the near future when she would start to doubt herself, questioning why he would rather be with her, but that didn't matter in the slightest at this moment. If only it would last… if only this would go on long enough to forget her demons. Ultimately, Grace's conscious took over the rest of her. The bliss was short-lived. Something inside her made her realize how selfish she was being. Angry or not, Agatha was out there somewhere wandering around. Was she still at the bridge? Or was she hitchhiking back to the city? Was it still raining? Was she hungry? Did she have any money? Shelter? During a sane moment, the fine details became clear. How could she be here right now knowing all of this? After years and years, she was finally allowed to express to Oliver how she feels — or at least start. Yes, Agatha played a big part in tonight's misery. No, she shouldn't feel responsible for what may happen to her. Agatha was an adult who made her own decisions. She didn't have to be stubborn. She didn't have to make retorts at every sentence she uttered. She didn't have to be defensive. But she was… and Grace remembered enough to know this was Agatha's way. Chances are she didn't even realize her words or her tone. If she did, she hadn't much control. Knowing this, Grace felt she should have been more patient, despite all the trouble Agatha caused. It was hard not to care about her. They shared a significant amount of time together. No matter how hard she'd tried in the beginning, there was no forgetting. As Oliver's arms wound tighter around her waist, his kisses deepening, Grace forced herself to push back. The motion pained her, but she didn't feel right. Time and place aside, not ten minutes ago she stood here lying to him. A part of her worried he wouldn't want to kiss her if he knew what she was keeping for him. He may not understand. He might think Grace was like her. He didn't seem at all impressed, which, knowing now what happened when he'd gone to the orphanage, was a good thing, but it could be bad for her. Let alone the fact she was partly responsible for what happened to Annie. She would have to tell him sooner or later. When she wasn't sure. The timing had to be right and it most certainly wasn't now. Emotions were high and the adrenaline still pumping. While it wasn't the plan, if anything beyond what they were doing now was to happen she would never be able to forgive herself. It felt like she was leading him on in some way. How she wasn't sure. All she knew was that she'd not once lied to him in all her years of working for him. Starting off a deeper relationship with dishonesty couldn't be good. So until she worked up the nerve to tell, until she could make sense of all that had happened with Agatha herself, she knew she should cool off. Given how long she'd waited for this day, it was not going to be an easy task. \"What's the matter?\" he asked when she parted from him. \"Nothing… it's just that, it's late. We've had an emotional and exhausting day and it would be far too easy to… oh, you know.\" With a sigh, Oliver nodded. \"You're right. I apologize.\" \"Oh, no. Please don't apologize. I'm sorry. I shouldn't have insinuated… I mean… it's just that.\" Oliver laughed. \"Grace, it's okay.\" \"There are too many risks right now,\" she continued to babble. \"Neither of us have a clear head. Knowing Annie, she'll be up soon despite being up half the night. And the staff, they're getting ready to start their work.\" \"You don't need to explain,\" he said, placing his hand on her forearm. \"I know.\" \"Please, don't take me pulling back the wrong way. It's nothing to do with you, I promise.\" Her voice started to shake on the last few words, Oliver noticed. He had the feeling this wasn't about the two of them at all. \"Grace,\" he said in all seriousness, \"what is wrong?\" \"Please, stop asking me. Everything is fine.\" Her eyes glistened with tears for a few seconds before she blinked them back. He'd seen enough of her emotions for one day. \"Nothing you say can be any worse than the rest of the day. Are you afraid I'm going to be mad at you? Are you sick? Is it something to do with Annie? Work? Give me enough credit to know somethings up.\" \"You don't want to hear it. Let's not ruin what's happened. It's no way to start off.\" \"These moments are separate. If they're connected then it's already been ruined by your avoidance.\" \"I have my reasons, don't you trust that?\" \"So then you admit it,\" Oliver said. \"Fine. Yes, I admit I have something on my mind. I don't wish to discuss it right now. I need time to work through it myself before I talk about it. I promise I will, eventually.\" \"I hate to see you go through it alone.\" Grace had to grin. \"All these years I've waited for you to care about me and you choose now to start.\" \"I've always cared,\" he said, not smiling back. \"It just took me a while to realize and to admit it. I'm not so good with this. I don't know what happened to bring this out in me. I can only guess you and Annie teamed up to open my eyes. Seeing everything that happened… how I felt when those awful people took her away… it brought a lot back. And it put things into perspective. I fell into the pattern of fending off anything and anyone that caused such a powerful response in me. With Annie around for good now, I don't see her letting me go back to the way things were. I care very much about you, Grace, and I wish you felt you could trust me with whatever is bothering you.\" Some point while he spoke, Grace's hands found their way to his. By now she clung tightly, marveling at his words and trying not to let on how touched she was at the sentiment. \"I do trust you. I trust you more than anyone else. You have to know that.\" \"Then why can't you tell me? Are you really going to be able to rest either way?\" He did have a point, but she still refused. \"It's not that I can't tell you. I'm not ready and whether I sleep or not, I'm too tired. Things will calm down and I'll be able to tell you.\" Oliver sighed, knowing this could go on all night. \"Okay, then wait. But know when you decide I'm here for you.\" \"Thank you.\" \"Can you at least answer one question?\" \"What is it?\" she asked. \"Is Annie in any more danger?\" \"No, of course not. Why would you think that?\" Oliver shrugged. \"The way you argued with Miss Hannigan. I thought maybe she held some ill feelings towards her. Or us, for that matter. I know she allegedly tried to save her, but-\" \"It didn't have to do with Annie,\" Grace finished, not wanting to think much more on the subject with him still in the room. He found this strange but didn't question it. \"Good. As long as everyone's safe.\" Grace hoped everyone was, too. \"Thank you for worrying about me.\" \"You're welcome?\" Grace chuckled, pulling him in for a hug. They remained this way for a good amount of time before pulling away. Before he turned to go, Oliver kissed her cheek and said, \"Remember, I'm ready to listen whenever you're ready to talk.\" \"I'll interrupt a meeting with The President of the United States should that be the moment.\" \"Please, do,\" he half-joked. With a roll of her eyes, she said, \"Goodnight, Oliver.\" \"Goodnight. Try and get some sleep, all right?\" \"You as well.\" Oliver was just about out the door when something caught his eye. Having been in such a rush earlier, Grace forgot she left the photo album open and tossed aside on the chair by the door. The sun was up and shining brightly through the curtains now, giving Oliver a perfect amount of light. \"What's this?\" he asked. Grace's breath caught, unable to move or say anything as she watched him pick up the book. By the time she took a step forward it was too late. \"Grace…\" he said in a tone that made the past minutes vanish into space. \"What the hell is this?\"[Chapter 25] Once Grace was long gone, Agatha decided to take up the offer for a ride back to New York. As long as Grace didn't know about it she had no problems hitching a ride. She wasn't a complete idiot. If she was to be stranded somewhere without a roof, food, or any belongings, she was at least going to do it somewhere familiar. She was concerned about not being let back into the orphanage to collect her things. Not that she had any precious heirlooms to lose, but at least she had a couple of trinkets she can call her own. When someone came to take over, they would likely toss her junk into a box and dump it on the street. Agatha wanted to be there when it happened before anyone else could get their hands on it. Then she remembered she locked a bunch of Annie's friends in the closet and started to rethink being nearby. Sure, she got away with her part in Annie's ordeal, but it did mean she would never get away with anything else. She was fairly certain endangering several children's lives would be considered a crime. So now she was back where she started, wishing the cops had arrested her right from the start so she wouldn't have to concern herself with these arrangements. Prison couldn't make her feel any worse than she already did. Anyways, having spent the last decade in a building filled with small children, she was sure a night in the slammer would be the most refreshing night's sleep she'd ever had. The trip back was anything but short. Somehow in the panic of being caught made it feel like New Jersey was five minutes away. It wasn't two hours away, either, but the policeman who was going back to Manhattan found it necessary to do his nightly rounds as well. In the end, she couldn't complain. The air tonight was chilly which was odd for this time of year. Didn't it figure? The first night she'd be sleeping in the park and it's cool and rainy. At first, she thought the clouds had cleared up. No such luck. Not having a drink was the most difficult part of being cooped up in the car. For someone who was used to sipping gin as though it were tea, going several hours without a mere whiff of alcohol was torture. This brought another thought to mind: her bathtub. While there wasn't much they could do about it as is, if any of the kids got into it she was screwed. Just one more thing to decrease her hope for anything. No one was going to hire her. There were enough good people looking for work. No one was going to use their last bit of money to hire a washed-up old drunk like herself. What was left? Cleaning again, probably. But her record would still limit employers. Some sleazy company looking to hire cheap. Who knows what kind of dirty work they were into? Then again, what a good fit for someone like her. Dirty dealing was all she was worth. Finally back in New York City, Agatha asked to be dropped anywhere that wasn't the police station. The officer seemed suspicious that she had no specific place to go, but he wanted to be done with his task. Agatha walked the street, the only destination in mind some park or alley away from everything and everyone else. The muggers and bums didn't bother her. She had nothing to be stolen. Her look of anger may have protected her as well. To her relief, the park came first. At least here there was grass instead of cement. It was damp but soft. Spending a couple of hours in these conditions gives a person time to think and reflect on their actions. Agatha started to wonder if a shred of pride an independence was worth all this. Had she not snapped at Grace, maybe she would have been talked back into going to the orphanage until morning. Best case scenario, she might have lent money for a hotel room. Why couldn't she have stuck with her initial remorse? Why couldn't she have stuck to accepting everything was her own fault and her own fault alone? But never did she want Grace's pity, no matter whose fault it was, and that's how her approach felt. \"Look at poor Agatha,\" she must have been thinking. \"Couldn't help but live up to her family name. How sad she never pulled herself together. How sad she missed her chance — now an old maid with nothing to look forward to besides death.\" Grace was the last person she wanted to hear it from whether it was said between the lines or straight to her face. And yet, being covered in the morning dew made a little pity look okay. Eventually, exhaustion became more powerful than her discomfort. This was the first time in years she'd been able to fall asleep without a drink. However, she didn't get to enjoy waking up without a headache. If it wasn't the fact she only got a couple hours of sleep, it was the fact she woke to someone kicking her. \"The hell is the matter with you?\" she sat up fast, causing momentary dizziness. When her eyes focused, she looked up to see a policeman standing above her. \"No Loitering. Read the signs,\" he said. \"I ain't loitering,\" Agatha groaned. \"I'm taking a nap. You would too if you had the night I had.\" The cop helped Agatha to her feet and then looked around. \"Surprised you don't have bottles lying around here.\" Still in a fog, she replied, \"I wish.\" Studying her face, he said, \"You don't look drunk.\" \"Wow, good job. The day has only just begun and you've already found someone to harass.\" \"Watch it, lady, or…\" he trailed off. There was something familiar about this woman but he couldn't put his finger on why. \"Do I know you?\" the policeman asked. Agatha rolled her eyes. \"Probably. Last night.\" \"I wasn't on duty last night.\" Squinting her eyes, taking her turn to get a good look at his face, she asked, \"Are you sure? I don't know where else I would'a seen you.\" \"Well, what happened last night? You didn't escape, did you?\" \"Don't be a hero. I wasn't under arrest. Go read the paper, I'm sure it's the headline.\" \"Oh,\" he nodded, \"you mean the whole thing with that kid Oliver Warbucks- wait a minute, now I remember you. That kid… you're the lady from the orphanage, aren't you?\" Now she recognized him as well. \"Oh yeah, yeah. I remember you, too. You're the one who caught Annie.\" \"What's a pretty lady like you doing out here in the park?\" His entire demeanor changed recalling where they'd left off before. But Agatha wasn't interested. \"She got fired for making bad decisions, the end.\" \"Fired? It's only been a few days. Or did the Annie kid run away again and make nice with Warbucks?\" \"It doesn't matter now,\" Agatha said, collecting her shall that'd stayed on the ground. \"I best be on my way, I guess.\" \"I'm just curious. It's pretty incredible.\" \"Look, I don't want to talk about what happened. If you've got any brains at all you can probably tell things didn't work out good for me.\" \"I think I heard The Board of Orphans is looking for you. Not by name, but a couple guys from my precinct went over to the orphanage last night and said the matron went missing. Is that you?\" \"So what if it is?\" Turning serious again, the policeman answered, \"Then I'm afraid I'm going to have to take you in.\" \"Hey, wait a minute,\" Agatha said, taking a few steps backward. \"This was all cleared up last night.\" \"I don't know what happened with the orphan girl. I just know your bosses are looking for you.\" \"I figured I'm fired. What more do they want from me?\" \"Probably to know what happened. You left the kids there all alone? Some of them went missing?\" \"Missing?\" \"Like I said, I wasn't there personally, but it is my duty to turn you in.\" \"Come on,\" Agatha said in a sudden, flirtatious tone. \"You don't wanna do that. I thought you and I were really hitting it off there, huh?\" \"Nice try,\" the policeman said as he lunged forward and grabbed hold of her arm. \"I'm sorry to do this, but I'm not willing to lose my job.\" Agatha struggled at first but knew it was no use. He was too strong. She couldn't say she was surprised about this. She almost expected it last night. Still, it wasn't a good feeling being dragged through the streets by a cop. She wasn't sure what the hour was but there were enough people out and about becoming onlookers. Now that the night was passed, she didn't have the immediate need for shelter in mind. She didn't want to go to jail even if it was what she deserved. She wasn't scared of losing her job. She made peace with this. What did scare her was the idea these people who drag out some tedious trial. She couldn't afford a lawyer, not that one in their right mind would come to her defense. Quite frankly, it wasn't worth going through. She couldn't deny all that she'd done. There was too much evidence against her and too many witnesses. Yet again, she was wishing she'd just taken Grace's pity. She would never have been found in the park and she would be oblivious to all of this, at least for a little while. A drink. She needed a drink. Right now.[Chapter 26] Grace still couldn't speak. Even with the pressure of Oliver's cold stare as he kept his finger pointed at the photograph of Agatha and Rooster she couldn't utter a single word. This wasn't how things were supposed to happen. None of it. They were so close to calling it a night - and on decent terms. Now she knew she was in for a very long and sleepless day. \"I'm not leaving here until you explain this to me.\" The least she could do was move. She walked over to where he stood and took the album from him. She knew if she opened her mouth right now all she would do is break down. This wasn't a productive solution. \"I've already seen it.\" She only nodded. \"So, this is how you knew who 'Ralph Mudge' was. And this is why you knew he's Miss Hannigan's brother. There were no pictures in her office, where there?\" Now, she shook her head. \"I'm not going to stand here and wait for head signals. I want to know why you didn't tell me.\" After taking a couple long deep breaths, Grace forced herself to speak. To her surprise, she did so somewhat clearly. \"I was going to tell you.\" \"Is this what you've been keeping from me?\" \"That's a strong way to word it. We've only been talking about it here, and I told you I needed to work through things.\" \"Don't you realize how serious this is? These people nearly killed Annie. How could you not tell me you know them? What, was this all some sort of clever plan to take my money? Then what happened, you thought better of it last minute? You thought you could take my attention away from it with romantic overtures?\" Grace's mouth dropped open. She expected a harsh reaction, but not such accusations. Fortunately, this made her anger take over, making it much easier to speak. \"How can you think such awful things about me?\" \"Because you obviously feel guilty. Why else wouldn't you tell me and make a big deal of it?\" \"And that's it? There's no other reason why I would have a hard time telling you?\" \"None that I can think of,\" he sneered. \"Well,\" she started in a sarcastic tone, \"this may come as a shock to you but it just so happens I was afraid of your reaction. I needed to figure a way to tell you that didn't leave room for any misunderstanding. That sure worked out well for me.\" \"I don't believe it. You were too persistent.\" \"Blame your ugly temper for that. This serves as my defense. You made up your mind about the situation before hearing what I have to say.\" \"It's all too suspicious.\" In a huff, Grace opened the album which was still in her hands. Returning to the page Oliver had seen, she handed it back to him. \"Read the date beside it.\" \"1921,\" he read aloud. \"Mhmm, and did you find it odd how much younger both of them look?\" \"I didn't notice.\" \"I hadn't met you then. I haven't seen either of them in years. I live here. I'm working with you at all hours of the day. If I were still in contact with them you would have known by now. Seeing Agatha at the orphanage was pure coincidence. As for Rooster, I've always despised the man. He was a good-for-nothing bum and it's obvious he's gotten worse. I knew them a long time ago and I resent everything you've said to me, especially the part about me having ulterior motives when we kissed. After all this time, after what we've gone through together the past couple days, I can't believe you think this little of me. What happened to caring? If you really cared you wouldn't have jumped to such horrid conclusions.\" Oliver didn't know what to say. He wished she hadn't looked him straight in the eye, otherwise, he could have convinced himself she was lying. He still had his doubts. There still seemed to be something that wasn't adding up. But from the look of disgust in Grace's eyes, he felt a chill of regret. \"I'm… sorry,\" he said, though it wasn't so simple. \"Yeah, I'm sorry, too. I'm sorry for letting myself fall into this trap.\" \"Trap? What trap?\" \"Thinking you'd really changed. Tonight has been a fantastic lesson for me. No matter how different someone may seem, a piece of the old them never lets go. If they change it's only for the worse.\" \"You're making this much bigger than it needs to be.\" \"I'm making this bigger? I'm not the one who made a rash judgment over a photograph.\" \"Don't twist my words around. You know there is more to it than the picture.\" \"There is, and I'm not going to be with someone who would think for a minute I'd act so vile.\" \"Give me a break, it's got to be nearly six o'clock in the morning!\" \"I don't care what hour it is. You made your thoughts clear and I'm not going to subject myself to something like this ever again. I had enough of this with Agatha earlier, I certainly don't need it from you.\" \"I never pegged you for a quitter,\" Oliver said with a shake of his head. Through her teeth, she replied, \"I'm not quitting. I'm sparing myself unnecessary pain. I don't need this.\" \"What makes you think I do?\" \"Get out, Oliver. I'm not discussing this anymore.\" \"Have it your way. Just don't come crying to me later on when you decide you've had a change of heart.\" \"Believe me, I won't,\" she said as he turned to go. Before he left, he turned back to face her. \"You best go back to addressing me as Mr. Warbucks.\" \"If I address you at all.\" Before he left with a slam of the door, Oliver said, \"You're damn lucky Annie is so attached to you. Otherwise, you'd be out on the street before I could even finish saying you're fired.\" It was no surprise Grace wasn't able to get any sleep. The hurt from Oliver was almost worse than reliving the scenes of Annie at the top of those tracks. Mixed with the exchange of words with Agatha she was a mess. Worst of all, she had no one to turn to. She had a couple good friends and confidantes among Oliver's staff who knew of Agatha, but now that this involved Oliver, she couldn't take her problems to them. It wasn't appropriate. Plus, gossip traveled fast in this house. Sooner or later Oliver would find out what she said, or worse, Annie. Knowing she couldn't leave Annie made her feel trapped. She'd wanted to leave the house as soon as Oliver made his allegations. Why was this happening? Was she really such a difficult person to be around? First Agatha and now Oliver. With Agatha, she'd made her peace. It was disappointing and of course she wished for things to be another way. But with Oliver… the situation and feelings were so different. Work kept her busy after moving out of the old apartment. What did she have now? Oliver made a good point in mentioning Annie. Saying goodbye again wasn't an option. But then, how could she continue working for Oliver if they didn't work this out? Sure, she was mad at him right now. Mad and hurt. Still, she had to figure in a day or two they'd cool down. At least she hoped as much. Things couldn't end when they've just barely begun. Just as she thought she was going to slip into a light doze, there was a knock on her door. Her initial thought was Oliver. She leaped out of bed in relief, thankful for him coming to her so she wouldn't keep riddling her mind with ways to approach him later. When she opened the door, she was surprised to see Drake standing before her with the telephone in hand. \"For you, Miss Farrell.\" Glancing at the clock, she saw it was only a few minutes past seven. \"Who's calling?\" \"Agatha- she didn't give a last name.\" Raising an eyebrow, Grace took the phone after a brief hesitation. \"Hello?\" she answered, hoping Drake wouldn't stand there waiting until she was through. \"Grace… I, uh. Look, this wasn't an easy call to make and I feel sick about it…\" \"What's the matter?\" \"I know I said last night I didn't need your help — and I didn't then — but stuff happened and it turns out I do need your help. I know you're probably going to hang up on me but I thought I'd at least try. I couldn't have them thinking I didn't have a single person to call.\" Catching on, Grace questioned, \"Where are you?\" \"… They're holding me downtown. I won't say jail yet because I'm just waiting for a meeting with the Board of Orphans. They ain't too happy about what happened last night.\" Grace looked over her shoulder to see if the butler was still there. He was. Not wanting anything to get back to Oliver right now, she kept her responses vague. \"When is it? I'd rather talk about this in person.\" \"I dunno. Soon, I guess.\" \"Well, are you going to be where you are now within the next hour?\" Agatha groaned. \"The hell am I supposed to know?\" \"Do you need me or not?\" \"… Yes. But not the way you might think.\" \"Like I said, we'll talk about it in person.\" \"Well, hurry.\" Letting Agatha have the last work, Grace hung up the phone and handed it back to Drake before going to her closet. \"Is something wrong, Miss Farrell?\" he asked. \"No, it's nothing. I need to go meet with someone, that's all.\" \"Should I let Mr. Warbucks know you won't be down for breakfast?\" \"No!\" she said much too quickly. \"I mean, he's got a lot on his mind right now. Plus, he has a meeting with the press here around nine. He won't miss me. Annie should be fine, as well. I'm hoping she'll sleep in today. Whether she feels it or not, she has to be exhausted.\" \"What time will you return?\" \"Within a few hours, I hope.\" \"Will you be needing the car?\" \"Yes, but I'll be driving myself.\" \"Are you sure, miss?\" \"Yes, I'm sure. Please, have The Asp pull it up front so I can change. I can't waste any time.\" \"Very well, Miss Farrell.\"[Chapter 27] It didn't take long for Grace to get out of the house and down to the police station. She wasn't looking forward to whatever confrontation this was going to be. On a good day she would dread it. The fact she hadn't slept and her fight with Oliver made the drive almost unbearable. Alas, being out of the house was the preferable choice at the moment. Tensions with Oliver aside, deep down she knew she came because she couldn't let a chance for healing pass by. Even though she stood a gain, Agatha reached out to her. Going by memory, it hadn't been an easy choice for her. To her relief, Agatha was still at the station when she arrived. She wasn't in a cell, but she was cuffed to a chair. \"You here for Hannigan?\" the officer at the desk asked. \"I'm sitting right here, I think she can find me.\" \"That's enough,\" he said. \"You may see her.\" \"Agatha, what happened?\" Grace asked after giving a nod to the policeman. \"What do you think?\" \"Look, I'm here to help you but for the sake of everyone you've got to stop being so snide.\" \"Well, you would be too if you had the night I've had.\" \"Thanks to you I have to say I'm not far behind.\" \"What is that supposed to mean?\" \"It doesn't matter now. Just tell me what I need to do to get you out of here.\" \"She's not going anywhere until the people from the orphanage call,\" the policeman interjected. Grace sighed as she took a seat next to Agatha. \"Can you at least tell me what happened? How did you get here?\" \"They picked me up in the park.\" \"What were you doing there?\" \"Sleeping.\" \"Is that all?\" \"Yes,\" Agatha answered, assuming what Grace was implying. \"And they arrested you for that?\" \"Well, no. You see, I knew the cop — kind of. So he ended up recognizin' me and I stupidly told him what happened I think. I don't really know anymore. I barely slept and let me tell you, sleeping under the open sky is not as romantic as they want you to believe in books. Anyway, he also knew Annie and long story short, he knew The Board of Orphans wanted to can me in person. That'd be nice if that's all, honestly.\" \"Then why are they holding you here? Why not give you a time to meet you at the orphanage.\" Agatha scoffed. \"Yeah, right. Tell me, say someone in that Warbucks staff came in and trashed the place and then got called into speak face to face with his Highness for a good talkin' to. Would you expect them to show up?\" Looking down at her hands, Grace shook her head. \"No, I suppose not.\" \"They're smart here. I would'a run.\" \"Agatha,\" Grace said in a hushed tone, \"don't say such things.\" Agatha pointed to the cuffs with her free hand. \"What're they gonna do? I'm stuck here.\" \"Look, I don't know the whole story. Don't you think there's a chance they just want to hear your side of the story? I'm sure they've been getting calls after what happened. Maybe they just want the whole picture.\" A hearty laugh escaped from Agatha. \"Same old Grace,\" she said. \"All this time and you're still as naive as you were.\" \"I beg your pardon?\" \"Grace, I left two-hundred kids alone overnight. I dunno when they found out but it doesn't matter. Plus, I hear now some are missing. And I'm sure they've snooped around the place. That'll put me away, I'm sure.\" \"I know where the missing kids are,\" Grace said. \"How?\" \"They came to the house last night. They told us what was going on. I don't know if any of the other children left or not. They all safe. I'll be sure to let them know where they are.\" \"Ah, gee whiz, as long as they're safe! Everything will be fine now.\" \"What is the matter with you?\" Grace stood. \"What happened that made you so bitter?\" \"Like you care.\" \"As a matter of fact, I do. Annie told me a lot of things I don't want to believe, however, in the few short minutes I've spent with you since seeing you again it's getting harder and harder deny. Maybe I'm still naive, but you've certainly changed for the worse.\" \"No kidding.\" Bring a hand to her forehead, Grace said, \"I don't have the energy for this. I want to help you, Agatha. I hate seeing you like this. You need to meet me halfway here. I know there is still a lot to be discussed and there will be time for that later. Right now let's just get through the meeting with the board and see what happens from there.\" \"We don't have anything to discuss. A lot happened and there's no going back.\" \"Then why did you call me?\" Feeling the same resentment return as it had at the bridge, Agatha sneered, \"Because I'm not stupid. If I have a chance outta here I'm gonna take it.\" \"Well then, if that's all I'm worth to you then you're on your own. Good luck.\" \"Grace, wait,\" Agatha called as Grace turned. \"Don't leave.\" \"Why should I stay? I have far too much on my plate and I'm not going to waste my time if I'm only here for your convenience.\" \"What do you want from me? I've spent the last ten years talking to whiny kids. I'm out of practice.\" \"This is more than being anti-social. You're still angry with me.\" \"And I have a right to be,\" Agatha said, a cold look in her eye. \"Well guess what, I'm still mad at you, too. And yet I came down here when I didn't have to. I owe you nothing after last night. I already said I appreciate your trying to spare Annie, but the damage was already done. The least you can do is act civilized and stop pouncing on every other thing I say.\" \"You know what? This isn't worth it. Go ahead and go. Whatever happens will be on your conscience.\" \"I didn't cause any of this,\" Grace said. \"Had you not gone off on me last night you might've had a place to stay. I wasn't going to leave you stranded but you wouldn't have it any other way. I don't know what I did to you or what you think I did to you. It doesn't matter anymore. It's been years. It's time to let go of it and move on.\" \"Easy for you to say. You didn't need me around anymore. You had your big career. Your life is perfect. And you keep on getting more. You got your way choosing Annie and now you're going to adopt her or whatever. Snap your fingers and you get your way.\" \"My way?\" Grace repeated. \"I get everything my way? Everything's come easily to me? Well then, Agatha. Why don't you go and have yourself another drink? May as well keep up those delusions.\" \"Ladies,\" the policeman stepped in, \"I'm going to have to ask you to calm down before this gets out of hand.\" \"It already has,\" Grace replied. \"I'm leaving.\" \"Go ahead, run away. You never liked facing reality anyway.\" Grace swung around, ready to let Agatha have it. What did she have to lose at this point? It was clear there was no reasoning with Agatha. Her mouth opened wide, her throat getting ready to let out a shout that'd been building up for the past twenty-four hours. Perhaps fortunately, the police station phone rang, forcing her to suppress herself again. The policeman gave Agatha and Grace a stern look of warning before leaving their sides. Grace wanted to take this opportunity to leave. Alas, the better part of her knew she needed to say. While she knew responsibility for Agatha's bad decisions didn't fall on her, she knew she'd feel guilty anyway. So in silence, they waited, listening to on end of the phone call. With the officer's glances in their direction, both knew this was the call they were waiting for. \"You're wanted at the orphanage, Miss Hannigan,\" the policeman said. Agatha nodded before meekly turning to Grace. \"Please… come with me.\" Avoiding eye contact, Grace replied, \"Only because I need to let them know where some of the children are.\" — \"Good morning, Miss Hannigan.\" Agatha recognized the man right away as Mr. Donatelli. Normally she didn't take faces into account, but his was an important one. She never thought there would be a time where her very life rested in her hands. Steadying her hand, she reached out for his. \"Good morning… I'm sorry you had to come here on a Saturday.\" \"So am I,\" he said, unamused with her phony sweetness. \"Who is this?\" he asked, pointing to Grace. \"Grace Farrell… she, uh. Is the one who's going to be adopting Annie?\" Pushing past Agatha with her own hand extended to the man, Grace corrected, \"Actually, it's my boss who will be adopting. I work for Oliver Warbucks.\" \"Ah, yes. I remember speaking with you on the phone. May I ask how you knew of this meeting?\" Not wanting to give the honest answer, Grace replied, \"I thought I should be here to tell you that a few of the girls you reported missing are safe. They came to Mr. Warbucks' house to tell us where Annie was. In the panic of it all, I'm not sure if anyone contacted you.\" \"No, they hadn't. As long as they're safe at this point. Are they here with you now?\" \"No, sir. They are still at the mansion.\" \"If it's no trouble, may I request they stay there until new arrangements can be made here? We're already overfilled. The head counts done this morning without those children showed there are more children than beds. Given the times, there's not much we can do about this. Under the circumstances and what they must have gone through I rather they stay put.\" \"I'm sure it will be no problem.\" \"Good,\" he said, \"at least we've got one thing settled.\" His eyes turned back to Agatha. \"And now for the difficult part. Please, take a seat, won't you, Miss Hannigan?\" Agatha nodded and obliged, but sat on the edge ready to stand at a moment's notice. \"If you dragged me all the way down here to tell me I'm fired I can save you any more trouble.\" \"That is implied, Miss Hannigan,\" he said. \"Then what else? Please, just get to it and tell me straight.\" \"I'm afraid it's not that simple. We have a lot of questions we need to ask you.\" \"Well then, get on with it.\" Grace, who was standing behind the chair, lightly hit Agatha's shoulder to warn her of her attitude. Unsure of how to respond to her tone, Mr. Donatelli shook his head and picked up a paper from the desk in front of him. \"I'm not sure where to begin. Thankfully the first matter on this list is resolved, although, I do need to ask, Ms. Farrell, how many children came to you.\" Grace answered, \"I'll say about five or six.\" \"Good, then no others are missing.\" \"What else,\" Agatha asked in dread. \"Let's see… why not focus our attention on this morning's headlines. It seems as though you and your brother concocted a plan and successfully kidnapped the orphan Annie?\" \"Yes, we did.\" \"Obviously, you stood a gain.\" \"I answered you. Yes. I'm not denying anything in that paper. Of course I stood a gain. Fifty-thousand dollars is a lot of money.\" \"So, you are the one who set this in motion.\" \"No, my brother did. I played along and gave him the information he needed to collect Annie. I know, it was a rotten thing to do. My only defense is that times are tough and it drives people to madness. I can't say this is the only reason behind my brother's motives.\" Mr. Donatelli nodded. \"It surprises me you were not arrested last night.\" \"No charges were pressed against me,\" Agatha said quietly. \"Why not?\" Chiming in, Grace answered, \"Once she realized her brother's intention to harm Annie, her better judgment came into play and she did what she could to keep him away. It was Annie's request for her to be excused.\" \"Interesting.\" \"It was a stupid mistake and I apologize. None of the other children were involved.\" \"Maybe not in this incident, but we got some of the children here to admit to neglect and abuse from you. What do you have to say about this?\" \"It's true. I already told you I'm not denying anything. I'm not up to this job and I don't think I ever have been. And don't ask me why I didn't quit. It's been a slow death. By the time I became my worst I didn't dare leave a job while I had one.\" \"Miss Hannigan, we are not against light discipline when children have misbehaved. If they want to find homes they must learn out to act with respect. We understand children exaggerate and we would like to give you the benefit of the doubt.\" \"I won't say I brutalized them. Some deserved it more than others. If you're thinking I gave them a black eye when passing them in the hall then no. Did they get paddled? Absolutely.\" Grace felt sick to her stomach. How could she be admitting all this? How could it be true? She had to admire her for facing her actions, but now she was beginning to wish she hadn't come here after all. It was too much to believe. No, Agatha never was a big fan of children, but hearing the word paddle made it surreal — mostly because of Annie's descriptions of the paddle closet. \"The paddling sounds extreme from what some of the children have said. And then there's the matter of keeping donations made for yourself? Selling the nice goods donated for the children and letting them wear the rags until they're falling apart? And then the food? Oatmeal and vegetable scraps?\" \"Save yourself the time in questioning me. It's true. I kept more than half of the donations, I sold things, I used the food profits for myself. As for the beatings, I can't sit here and tell you every reason and every time they've been hit. Sometimes I plain don't remember.\" \"That brings us to one of the final bullet points on this list. While tidying up, several bottles both filled and unfilled were found along with a bathtub full of bootleg gin. How do you explain this?\" \"There is no explainin',\" Agatha said. \"It's exactly what it looks like. I have a problem.\" \"What's most concerning is how you managed to keep this hidden all these years.\" \"Does it matter anymore? The secrets out. There's nothing I can do about it now other than say sorry. In my defense, I never asked for this job. I feel into it. I started off here as the maid and was pressured into running the joint. The lady before me wasn't any better. I'm telling you, being trapped in here day after day is enough to make anyone nuts.\" \"We are well aware we are understaffed, Miss Hannigan. Perhaps if our funds weren't so often misplaced we could afford another matron.\" \"Hey,\" Agatha stood in defense. \"I ain't responsible for your financial ruin. I only took from the cash donations. There are a hell of a lot more orphanages in this city and I bet ya anything half of the people looking over them are just as bad off as me. I ain't pretending I didn't screw up and at least give me credit for not coming in here with lies and a sob story.\" \"Agatha,\" Grace said, yanking her arm back, \"calm down.\" \"Don't tell me to calm down!\" she said as she pulled her arm away. \"You wouldn't last two seconds under this pressure.\" \"Yeah, that's right,\" she replied. \"I don't know pressure in my work.\" \"Please, sit back down Miss Hannigan. No one is accusing you of financial ruin.\" \"Just answer me this,\" Agatha said, sitting down again with her arms crossed. \"Are you throwing me behind bars or what? Assume everything else you have on that precious list of yours is true. What are you going to do with me?\" \"We have plenty of evidence here to arrest you.\" Holding up her hands, Agatha said, \"Then get on with it.\" \"If that's the way you feel-\" \"Excuse me, Mr. Donatelli,\" Grace said stepping around Agatha and in front of the desk. \"I know she's being difficult at this moment, but she did answer everything truthfully. She could have easily made excuses for everything. Doesn't she deserve a second chance?\" \"She put a lot of people in danger. Not just the couple hundred children here, but with that goose chase as well.\" \"What happened last night was not so much her doing as it was her brother's. It's clear she is unwell in more ways than one.\" \"Thanks,\" Agatha said. \"Be quiet for a couple minutes, would you?\" Grace warned before continuing to Mr. Donatelli. \"Ultimately, her good nature came through. I knew her back when she took this job and I do remember the woman who ran this establishment before her up and abandoned the kids for two days without explanation. I know Agatha left these kids as well, but at least she didn't vanish altogether. She did fall into this position with little room to escape. I don't have anything to say about what happened between then and now I wasn't in contact, but with everything you've uncovered there, it's clear she is struggling with something bigger than herself. I suggest she seek help rather than be put in jail. She's proved her conscience and doesn't pose a threat to anyone else. I agree she should be fired and not take this sort of job again, that's a given. But a prison sentence will only aggravate the problem and cause more issues when she's released. If a ten-year-old girl can forgive her, can't you as well?\" Both Agatha and Mr. Donatelli looked at Grace in astonishment. Mr. Donatelli more due to confusion, trying to figure out the strange connect while Agatha was plain dumbfounded she came to her defense. When the silence failed to be broken, Grace said, \"Well?\" \"I suppose…\" Mr. Donatelli cleared his throat, \"under the circumstances, there is a valid excuse not to press charges. But we must insist she not return to the vicinity of this building. Even if she doesn't pose a threat, to avoid any negative press it must be stated.\" \"That is understandable,\" Grace nodded. \"And you will be sure to keep an eye on her, you know, see she is given the help she needs?\" \"Whoa, wait a minute,\" Grace said, taking a step back. \"Me? Why me? I was thinking someone more along the lines of a professional. A counselor, a doctor?\" \"Naturally,\" he said, \"but someone should keep an eye on her. A doctor won't be around every day.\" \"I think you're misunderstanding. Yes, I knew her a long time ago but that was then.\" \"Hello?\" Agatha cut in. \"I'm not some little kid someone has to get stuck with. I don't need a babysitter. Yeah, I got a problem with alcohol but I can handle it on my own. I got myself into trouble and I can get myself out.\" \"I sympathize, Miss Hannigan,\" Mr. Donatelli said. \"But you need to understand there is a lot of pressure on me. I should be taking you to trial and I'll be given a hard enough time for even considering anything other. If this were an isolated incident it would be a different story. However, the escapade you were a part of is far too much in the public eye. For the sake of the children both present and future, I need to take drastic action.\" Grace spoke again. \"I will pay for whatever bills she has including someone who can check up on her. I have a busy schedule and I can't commit to a daily visit.\" \"I ain't asking you to,\" Agatha said. \"I get it,\" Grace turned to her. \"You don't want my help. You've made that clear. Unless you want to be locked away I suggest you let me handle this.\" \"I'd be better off,\" Agatha mumbled. Ignoring her, Grace turned back to Mr. Donatelli. \"I will make the arrangements, I promise. I will send whatever is necessary to clear your name with the press.\" \"Would you be willing to write a statement for the record?\" \"Of course,\" she answered. Agatha questioned, one hand raised, \"Do I get any say in this?\" \"Not if you want your freedom,\" Grace replied. \"What freedom? For the rest of my days, people will be watching me like hawks. May as well save them time.\" Grace turned around to face Agatha, this time speaking in an almost threatening voice. \"I'm only going to ask you this one more time. Do you want to go to jail or not?\" Intimidated, Agatha looked away, eyes half closed. \"No.\" \"Mr. Donatelli,\" Grace started, \"is there any way we can keep this as quiet as possible. I mean, be vague in anything said publicly. For the privacy of both Agatha and Mr. Warbucks. I can't let his name be connected to this any more than it has.\" \"I understand and will do my best.\" \"Is there anything else that needs to be done?\" \"Yes, I need Miss Hannigan to clear out her belongings by two o'clock this afternoon. We have a new matron coming in.\" Agatha was relieved to hear this. She was glad to know she wouldn't be starting with absolutely nothing.\" \"Okay,\" Grace said, \"is that all?\" \"I suppose so if this is our solution. I will write up a document for you to sign. I'll send it to Mr. Warbucks?\" \"No,\" Grace panicked. \"No, please, I'd rather keep him out of this. I will sign it and take full responsibility for her as well as take care of any remaining matters with the police.\" \"Very well,\" he tipped his head. \"Why don't you come by here the day after tomorrow? I'll be here to check in with the new matron and you can also give me a fresh copy of Annie's adoption papers.\" \"Absolutely.\" Mr. Donatelli stood from the desk to shake Grace's hand. Emerging from behind, he went over to Agatha. \"Be grateful to this woman, Miss Hannigan. I fully intended to see you behind bars. You owe her quite a thank you for what she'd done for you.\" Agatha shook back but said nothing. Just what she needed, one more reason to be indebted to Grace.[Chapter 28] Grace stayed to help Agatha move out. This wasn't so much for Agatha as it was for herself. She still wasn't ready to go home and face Oliver. Besides, despite so many reasons to believe otherwise, she felt Agatha would come through eventually and be able to have a calm and rational discussion. This didn't happen while they packed. Nothing was said between them aside from asking if there was an empty box laying around and to please pass the string. Agatha was grateful for the quiet. She was sure when Grace said she'd stay and help that this would be her way of trapping her into a lecture. Of course she was grateful for her help and keeping her out of jail. She just wished she could have done it herself. She thought she'd been doing a good job for a while, but naturally, her blind temper caused trouble. She didn't understand why her anger could take over so fast and without her consent. Sarcastic and challenging words flew out of her mouth fast than she could realize. There was no denying she was bitter, but she didn't think the feeling could overpower her in the way it has. They filled the boxes with time to spare. Grace drove herself over to the orphanage so they loaded Agatha's belongings into the car. This was when they realized she had no place to go. Agatha started with her snide remarks, but Grace halted them by bringing her to a hotel until an apartment for her could be found. Again, this wasn't so much for Agatha's benefit but rather her own. She could have easily brought her to a shelter for the night and hold her things for the time being. However, she was not going to risk further conflict with Oliver. She was going to have a hard enough time explaining her absence all day. \"You'll stay here until I can help you find a job and an apartment,\" Grace said as they entered Agatha's hotel room. \"Maybe there's a boarding house available. That'd be cheaper.\" \"Look, Grace. I know 'legally' you're responsible for me, but I don't need you to take care of me. Finding a job will be tough but I'll do it. I don't want the burden of having to pay you back.\" \"You don't have to pay me back. All I want is for you to stop giving me such a hard time whenever I try to talk to you.\" \"Look at things from where I sit,\" Agatha said. \"You show up out of the blue and put me to shame.\" \"Your feeling ashamed is all on you. I didn't say anything, at least not initially. You drove me to everything else.\" \"Do you know how hard it was to watch you moving up and up and up while I kept falling lower and lower and lower?\" \"Your lack of ambition is not my fault.\" \"I didn't say it was,\" Agatha said as she sat down on one of the room's chairs. \"I'm just saying it was difficult. And after all these years I stayed stuck where I was. I mean, you did, too, I guess, but it was different. You look so put together. You spoke so well and I dunno… you just have it made. Me? I'm a mess. You said so yourself.\" \"You are a mess, I'm not going to lie.\" Sitting as well, Grace continued. \"I'm worried about you, Agatha. I've been worried all week. I didn't want to believe what Annie told me about you. I couldn't imagine it. I knew something was off when I first saw you again, but I wouldn't let myself believe that.\" \"What a little tattletale.\" \"Don't start,\" Grace warned. \"This has nothing to do about Annie. It was only natural for her to ask questions after our little tug of war. She wanted to know how I knew you. You can't deny that when you look at us, you wouldn't expect us to be associated.\" \"Going back to my being a mess and you being a success.\" \"You don't have to stay a mess, though. As for my success, I don't look at it that way. I'm living my life. It's as simple as that. You can do the same.\" \"Luck has always been on your side. You're crazy if you can't see I was dealt a bad hand.\" \"Yeah,\" Grace said, \"you were. Now, what are you going to do about it?\" \"Nothing. The harder I try the worse everything gets for me. Don't you think I've tried to stop drinking? Don't you think I hate myself for starting? As for my job, it was better than scrubbing floors. I needed a break from all of that back-breaking, unappreciated work. I wasn't so cruel to the kids to start. You try living with them screaming and crying day in and day out. After the crash, they just kept coming. That's when everything really went downhill for me. I couldn't take it anymore. I know you used to love kids but even you would'a handled it poorly after a while.\" Grace shrugged, \"Maybe and maybe not. There's no way of knowing because that wasn't where I was supposed to be. Everything happens for a reason. Didn't you ever stop to think what the reason for your being there might be? Why were you the one who was available when that other woman walked off the job?\" Agatha stood and started pacing around the room. It was getting too difficult to sit still. \"Don't give me that bull. Things don't always happen for a reason and if you knew the kind of crap I've been through in my life you would know this.\" Shooting to her feet, Grace snipped, \"I really resent the implications you continue to make about my having a perfect life. Ten years is a long time. You've got some nerve assuming it's all been peaches and cream since we last spoke.\" \"Oh please,\" Agatha laughed. \"What tedious trials could you possibly have faced cooped up in your rich boss' nice warm mansion? You're not going hungry or dealing with the problems everyone else is facing. You 're the one with the nerve for minimizing what I've gone through and thinking any minuscule interruption from you harmonious life can possibly be considered a problem.\" Grace was quiet a moment, her lips pursed. Whether it was the complete exhaustion or Agatha's words, her emotions could no longer be contained. Her eyes filled with tears as she collapsed back down on the couch. To her relief, she managed to refrain from sobbing. \"Oh great,\" Agatha rolled her eyes. Grace refused to react until she pulled herself together. She'd cried more in the past day or two than she had in the past three years. Tiredness was definitely a contributing factor which gave her some solace, even though Agatha was unaware of this. A couple minutes passed before Agatha asked, \"Am I supposed to just stand here and stare at you?\" \"No,\" Grace said softly, running her hands over her eyes before forcing herself to stand. \"I need to be going.\" \"Oh, no,\" Agatha said, rushing to step in front of her. \"You're not leaving like this. You're just trying to make me feel guilty.\" \"I'm not.\" \"Yes, you are. And I'm not falling for it.\" Pushing her way past her, Grace said, \"I don't care right now. I just want to go home and get some sleep.\" Agatha scoffed, \"Typical. I'm the one who sleeps in the park and you're the one who complains of being tired.\" \"Whatever, Agatha. I'm not arguing anymore. You're only going to believe what you want to no matter what the truth is. The day you stop projecting the worse onto people is the day your life just might start to change. No one wants to be around someone who is constantly drowning in self-pity. Bad things happen to everyone. It doesn't matter how crumby or how lovely their lives appear, things happen to everyone. If you haven't learned that by now then good luck to you. You've got a rough life ahead of you.\" \"So, now you're leaving.\" \"Yes. I'll be by tomorrow or sometime when I've made arrangements for a counselor for you.\" \"Save yourself the trouble. I'll do it myself.\" \"Forget it. My name is going on that awful paper and I'm not going to let your stubbornness get us both into any more trouble. It's time to accept the fact you are not strong. You're weak and pathetic and where you are now has been a long time coming. You hide behind your big words and insults. It doesn't matter what anyone else has been through, you'll find a way to tell them how you are worse off. Yes, Agatha. I have a better job. I have a better home. I have more money and I'm not going hungry. But for you to tell me nothing bad has ever happened to me… I don't even have the words how that makes me feel.\" \"Well excuse me if I can't see through your fine tailored clothes and big fancy cars. Name one thing that's happened to you that's worse than what's happened to me.\" \"I'm not going to give you the satisfaction because it won't matter. And that's just it, nobody's trials are necessarily better or worse. They are just that, trials. You'd think instead of using yours as an excuse to be miserable that you'd instead sympathize with people — not just with me. Use your experiences for good and be productive. Stop wallowing in despair. Get off your ass and do something.\" \"Whoa,\" Agatha sang. \"Big words from such a classy girl.\" Grace shook her head. \"I'll see you later.\" Agatha waited a moment after the door shut. No way would Grace let her have the last word. So she waited. Before she knew it a minute passed without so much as the sound of footsteps coming back towards the door. Looking through the peephole, she saw nothing but an empty hallway.[Chapter 29] Grace didn't go straight home. She knew Oliver would be waiting and she wanted to cool down first. She and Agatha used to bicker a lot, this she remembered, but she never remembered Agatha being so vicious. That is, not until the end. Was it the alcohol? She didn't seem drunk today, nor did she know where she would have gotten it. Unless she managed to sneak some away while they packed despite Grace's valiant efforts to empty any liquids down the drain. But she would have smelled it by the time they were at the hotel. Besides, Agatha had a nasty disposition right from the start. Was it something she was doing or saying that prompted such mean-spirited comments? All she was trying to do was help — not that she expected every gesture to be welcomed. But what was it that made her change like Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde? Every time it felt like they were working through something she completely turned. Her moods were worse than Oliver's. When he spouted off it, usually, wasn't personal. At least, she never took it personally. It was his way. Half the time what he mumbled and grumbled didn't make any sense. With Agatha, it felt different. She was so angry at the world, herself, and anyone in her path. Look how she took it out on the children. Knowing this, Grace knew she shouldn't take every word to heart but it was hard not to. They were best friends. It didn't matter how they went their separate ways. She hated to think she really thought such awful things about her. Now she was stuck. Her blind hope now had her trapped as her caretaker, more or less. She couldn't cut the ties for once and for all like she should have last night or back at the police station. Now she was committed. That's not to say she really planned to hover over her every single day for the rest of her life, but she had to get her on her way to a better life lest it be shortened by her drinking. It was going to be a struggle no matter how she tried. Tomorrow she'd need to leave her emotions and sentiment at home in order to get in and get out of there fast. She couldn't keep taking things to heart or she might really make a fool out of herself next time. Maybe Agatha would have a change of heart at some point but, for now, she was done holding her breath. Her energy was better spent smoothing things over with Oliver. After her day with Agatha, she began to think a confrontation with him would be the easiest task she had to face. The need for a drink was stronger than ever. Whenever Agatha thought she successfully hid a bottle or two away Grace never failed to uncover them. Not a single bottle empty or full made it out. There ways to get a drink, always. Unfortunately, that required money and thanks to Rooster she only have two dollars to her name. Anyways, Grace would be around again soon, probably at the most unexpected moment, and she'd catch on in a flash. Already she was sick of her meddling. What right does she have to come back after so many years and take control of her life? Mistakes made didn't matter, she was treating her like a children and it made her feel smaller than she already did. Then she starts acting like the victim sitting there in tears. And she accused her of being the pathetic one? Now she faced the problem of dinner. Had she taken her to shelter as she requested she'd be waiting in line for a hot meal instead of bumming around the hotel room. The place she picked was nice enough, sure, but what was she going to do? Go get a job in time for a midnight snack? It looked to her as though she'd be living on apples for a little while. Being alone was never good for Agatha. Even when she was stuck with the kids, at least there were interruptions to save her from her thoughts. Yeah, she felt sorry for herself. Grace was talking out of the side of her head. Obviously, things were good for her. That lecture about everybody going through tough times was a load of bunk. Yeah, everybody did, but some people did have it worse. If she was trying to imply anything in her polished world was worse or even comparable proved what a shallow person she'd become. That's why it made her furious to witness her hurt bunny act. Agatha couldn't stand it any longer. She couldn't stay in the room a second longer. She'd go get some groceries even if there was no way to cook. And maybe somehow she'd find a sip of something. Anything. She didn't need to get drunk, though she would have loved nothing more, she just needed a taste. By now alcohol had become a sort of security blanket. It was familiar and unchanging no matter what was going on. To be robbed of it, no matter the circumstances, simply wasn't fair. She was losing control of everything. She needed that small feeling of power. Papers or no papers her life was still her own. If she chose to drink her days away so be it. She wasn't trying to convince herself she didn't have a problem. She was well aware. If she was ever going to overcome it, she needed to know the decision was on her terms and nobody else's. \"Where the hell have you been?!\" \"Good afternoon to you, too, Mr. Warbucks,\" Grace said as she entered the office, closing the door behind her. It took another hour or so, but she psyched herself into getting this run in over and done with. Once he was through verbally rapping her she was free to eat for the first time that day, check on Annie, and then go to sleep. \"What do you have to say for yourself?\" \"Nothing,\" she replied. \"You not only left me alone with the press but also seven children and three days of piled up work. Annie has been asking for you all day and is getting worried. You really have nothing to say about this?\" \"Last time we talked, I was supposed to be grateful for the fact you couldn't fire me on Annie's behalf.\" \"It was a blasted argument.\" \"Was it?\" she questioned. \"You made some strong accusations against me and I'm supposed to brush it off as a temper tantrum?\" \"I didn't say that.\" \"Then what are you saying?\" \"I'm saying I needed your help today and you were off gallivanting who knows where.\" \"Forgive me for needing to get out of the house.\" \"You're making it worse than it was.\" \"Well, I'm glad you recovered so quickly. Good for you. I'm sorry for not measuring up to your expectations. I'm only human, you know. Everyone expects everything said and done a certain way from me. I can only do so much. At the end of the day, I'm left with nothing.\" Trying to make sense of her words, Oliver asked, \"What are you talking about now?\" \"Since last night all I've heard is what I've done wrong or what I didn't do or better yet people projecting their own thoughts and feelings onto me. I've had enough. I can't hear one more cross word today. I've not slept in so many hours I've lost track. If you're going to reprimand me, please, get on with it. I'm through for today.\" \"What more is there to say?\" \"I figured you had some punishment moreover in store.\" \"I was looking for something more along the lines of an explanation.\" \"You'll have better luck punishing me.\" \"Excuse me?\" \"I don't have the energy to tell you where I was. It'll be a repeat of last night and like I said, I can't hear another cross word.\" Catching on, Oliver questioned, \"Who were you with?\" \"Exactly who you're thinking I was with. Think what you want for today. I've told you I don't have it in me to argue and I pity anyone who doesn't heed this warning. Now, I'm going to go see Annie. If you're willing to hear the truth tomorrow have someone wake me at noon. Leave my work for me and I'll get it done, don't you worry.\" \"How could you rush out to see her? Perhaps I wasn't clear. I despise that woman. If it hadn't been for you and Annie I would have had her arrested.\" \"Make up whatever scenario you want. I already said I would tell you tomorrow. It's your choice if you want to accept the truth or not.\" \"If you're going to tell me the truth why can't you do it now?\" \"Because I haven't slept in two days, that's why. You're only going to get angry and jump to conclusions and point out every error in my decisions. I don't ask for much so humor me just this once.\" \"If memory serves, you were the one to ask me to keep Annie around.\" \"Wonderful. Now you'll use that against me whenever you can instead of seeing it as the blessing it was.\" \"And I'm the one projecting thoughts onto people?\" \"What part of I don't have the energy aren't you understanding?\" \"Just get it done with so we can maybe attempt to have a normal day tomorrow. What you did isn't fair to me and it isn't fair to Annie.\" \"I can't do this right now! If you want to know so badly then you will have to promise to keep quiet while I tell you.\" \"Fine, just get on with it,\" he said. \"You promise?\" \"Fine, fine.\" Taking a moment to collect her own temper, Grace began. \"Agatha called me after you left this morning. She was taken to the police station for falling asleep in the park or something. I don't even remember the fine details at this point. She called me because she had no one else to call. Mr. Donatelli from The Board of Orphans called her into a meeting. I didn't want to go but figured I should seeing as a few of the girls spent the night here. Which reminds me, he's requested they stay put for the time being due to a shortage of beds. Something Agatha chose to ignore. He was going to take her to court…\" \"… And?\" he asked when she stopped. \"You're not allowed to yell at me tonight.\" \"What did you do?\" \"I… I convinced him not to.\" \"Why did you do a stupid thing like that?\" \"I told you not to yell!\" \"You were right for assuming I would!\" \"That's it. I'm not telling you any more. It's my problem and not yours.\" \"You're telling me there's more to this?\" \"Yes, but I'm not talking to you or the vein in your forehead.\" \"You owe this much to me.\" \"And why is that?\" she asked. \"For making me worry all day.\" \"I don't owe you or anybody anything. I'm tired of the notion that I do. And now, for the first time in days, I am going to do something for myself. I am going to go upstairs and sleep for fifteen hours.\" Grabbing her arm before she reached the door, Oliver turned her around. \"You said you'd tell me what happened and I expect you to do just that.\" Trying to yank her arm away without success, Grace said, \"Outside of work you can't order me around. If we're going to have any kind of personal relationship you're going to have to start treating me like a person rather than an employee.\" \"If we're going to have any kind of a personal relationship you're going to have to start being upfront and honest with me. I've never tolerated deceit and I'm not going to start now.\" \"This isn't deceit. I can't put it into plainer words how tired I am.\" \"I didn't sleep either and you don't see me whining. Thanks to you I've been on my feet since eight-thirty this morning.\" \"I'm not competing with you!\" She managed to break away this time. \"Why? Why does everything I say have to be challenged? I half-expect this from Agatha but I had higher hopes for you. If this is the way things are going to go then let's go back to the way things were right now. All day long my each and every word has been turned against me. I'm not playing this game. I can't stand another second of it!\" Keeping her arms out of reach from him, she quickly turned for the door to get away. Everything inside here began to crumble. Oliver couldn't leave off on another sour note. Unfortunately, his actions didn't anything but help the situation at hand. He caught up to her once the door was open. He reached above her head and slammed it shut, missing her fingers in the doorway by a millisecond. \"I'm serious, Oliver,\" she trembled, attempting to pull his hand away from the door. \"I need to be alone for a little while.\" \"You've had time to yourself all day. For the sake of both of us sleeping tonight, we need to work this out.\" \"I'm ready to collapse. I cannot mentally work anything out until I've shut my eyes.\" \"You realize in the time you've been arguing with me you could have finished what you originally started saying twice?\" Covering her hands with her face in attempts to keep from screaming at his relentlessness, Grace mumbled, \"You win. You win, you win, you win. I convinced Mr. Donatelli not to press charges. I was still in denial. Agatha was never a ray of sunshine but I couldn't accept the fact she'd become so vindictive. I'm finally getting it through my thick skull she's a resigned wicked old bat. And now I'm responsible for keeping an eye on her.\" \"You're out of your mind.\" \"Yep, that's right. I'm out of my mind. That's the whole tale. Do with it what you want. Now open this door.\" \"You can't tell me you're taking on responsibility for the woman who was part of a rouse to kidnap Annie and leave without a word of explanation!\" \"I gave you my reason. Your mighty name isn't connected so settle down. None of it is public. I already regret it. She'd sooner die than show me an ounce of appreciation.\" \"Of course she isn't showing appreciation! She's a pathetic deadbeat drunk. I don't know how on this earth you were once involved with her but you were blessed to be rid of her. Now you've made a damn fool decision to watch her? You're smarter than that.\" These were the words to finally break her. No longer could she refrain. Burying her face in her hands once again, Grace sunk to the floor. \"What are you doing?\" She couldn't respond. All her energy was being put into silencing her sobs. \"Grace?\" Though her face was now stuck between her arms and her knees, Oliver could see her shaking her head. Concern took over him. Maybe she hadn't been exaggerating when she insisted she needs to call it a night. The way she shook told him this was more than a tantrum being thrown to win the argument. Kneeling down beside her, he asked, \"Are you okay?\" \"No,\" she choked out. \"Do you want a drink of water? … Brandy?\" \"I don't know.\" \"At least move over to a chair.\" Grace ignored him. The pure idea of standing pained her. The lack of sleep was consuming her at last. \"Come on, Grace. Don't be stubborn.\" She was dead weight while he made attempts to lift her. It took several tries before she could muster up any amount of energy to rise to her feet. When she did she was shaky, just barely able to make it over to the sofa even with Oliver's help. Once she was seated, Oliver snuck out of the room for a glass of water, not wanting to bring any attention to Grace or himself. God forbid Annie make her hourly visit to see if Grace was home yet until things calmed down. When he returned, Grace's tears had mostly subsided. This was due to the fact she was half asleep. \"You can nap here but I'd like you to take a sip of this first,\" he said, holding the glass out to her. Wearily, she mumbled, \"I don't like Brandy.\" \"It isn't Brandy.\" \"Later.\" The dryness in her voice was evident. Sitting down next to her, he held the drink up to her mouth for fear of dehydration. He didn't cave until she took a couple sips. \"Any better?' \"No.\" He didn't know what to say. He didn't want to admit he might have contributed in driving her to this. In his mind he was right. She had no right to go see Agatha this morning and committing to be her lookout was a horrible decision. In his heart, he knew there had to be more the story he wasn't understanding. \"What do you need?\" he asked. \"Sleep.\" \"Are you going to stay here or can you make it upstairs.\" \"Here… I need to see Annie. I'll rest my eyes for a few minutes.\" Without thinking, Oliver scooted closer to her and put his arm around her shoulder, pulling her close to him. She resisted at first but soon gave in. Within two minutes, she was fast asleep.[Chapter 30] When Grace woke up the sun had long since set. It took a minute to orient herself. Her head throbbed and her neck was stiff from her head resting on the arm of the couch. Unaware of anyone's presence in the room, she raised a hand to the bridge of her nose and let out a moan. \"Sleep well?\" Oliver asked from his desk. Grace jumped a slight bit. \"What time is it?\" she asked. \"A few minutes to midnight,\" he replied as he continued his typing. \"Why didn't you wake me?\" \"You needed the rest.\" While sitting up, she questioned, \"Where's Annie? Does she know I'm home?\" \"Yes, she does. I told her you'd be more alert tomorrow. She's asleep now,\" he answered. \"Is she upset with me?\" \"No, but she was worried.\" \"… and you?\" \"What about me?\" \"Are you upset with me?\" \"I…\" He stopped typing but failed to look up. \"I don't know.\" Grace sighed. \"Look, I know I can't force you to believe me but I wish you could try. Have I ever given you a reason not to trust me?\" He thought for a moment before saying, \"No, I suppose not.\" \"My friendship with her is in the past. I can't see how there will ever be any going back.\" \"I don't care about that right now. I care about what happened to you.\" Face red, she looked away. \"I overreacted… I was sleep deprived — still am. So much has happened and such little time. I'm not handling it well.\" \"I'll say.\" \"It won't happen again.\" \"I hope not for the sake of your health. I thought you were going to be sick.\" \"I'll be fine.\" \"I'm glad,\" Oliver said as he stood. Looking back to him again, Grace said, \"I really am sorry… for all of this. I should have told you the truth as soon as I realized Rooster was the one who took Annie. I didn't want to believe it. I didn't want to believe a lot of what was going on. Clearly, denial hasn't been working out for me.\" Making his way over to the couch, he said, \"I'm sorry for pressuring you to tell me. Most of all for giving you so much reason to be scared of telling me.\" \"I should have known I was only fueling the fire. I learned the ins and outs of your temper years ago.\" \"You shouldn't have to worry yourself with it — not anymore.\" He sat down next to her. \"What do you mean?\" With no response, he leaned close to her. With one hand he softly touched her cheek while the other took hold of her waist. He looked at her a moment, waiting to see if she pulled back in any way. Instead, she looked at him with full and remorseful eyes. It pained him to have watched her collapse before. Now to see her feel so bad because of it? It was strange seeing her this way… so unlike herself. At the same time, he never felt more drawn to her. She was real. She wasn't dolling up to win him with her looks. She wasn't afraid to confront him and look foolish in front of him. There was no ulterior motive. She stayed in his arms because she wanted to be near to him and nothing else. Unable to hold back any longer, he kissed her, pulling her closer to him with no intentions of letting go any time soon. . . . Over an hour passed. Grace and Oliver hadn't moved far from where they were first sitting, only now they lounged back lazily while they talked, fiddling with each other's fingers all the while. They didn't speak of Agatha nor Rooster nor anything that's happened as a result of them. They spoke about the weather. Upcoming films. Some highlights from the news reels. Anything mundane to avoid any more tiresome subjects. Both knew they should have said turned in after their long goodnight kiss, however, both had a hard time doing so. Conversation came easy, as though they were a couple of several years and this was a part of their nightly routine. Neither felt subconscious for the amount of emotion they'd displayed either affectionate or otherwise. They didn't talk about their future together. Not tonight. Tonight they were content with each other despite the elephant in the room. Truer, more important feelings surfaced through their kisses that both wanted time to marvel in. After all, it'd been a long time since either of them indulged in any of kind of romance. \"I like your hair down,\" Oliver said amidst a lull. Bringing a hand to her head, Grace searched for a pin, \"I hadn't realized it'd fallen out of place. I must look a mess.\" \"I like that look, too,\" he grinned. \"You know, Annie told me a few days ago I should start wearing my hair loose.\" \"Did she?\" \"She told me 'a man don't look at your brains',\" she chuckled. \"A bit drastic I'll say, but I must admit even when you've had it pinned down the past couple of days I've found myself staring.\" \"I didn't notice,\" she said coyly. \"Mhmm,\" he teased. \"What time is it now?\" Grace asked a few seconds later, not sure she could stay awake much longer, especially not for the direction they were heading into again. \"After one,\" he answered after glancing at his watch. \"Have you slept at all today?\" \"I nodded off around lunchtime.\" \"Then you've had even less sleep than I've had.\" \"Are you implying we should say goodnight?\" Grace sighed. \"I'm afraid I am. I'm not feeling all that well, still. It's catching up with me.\" Kissing her hand, he said, \"I hope you will be able to sleep tonight.\" \"You as well. At least tonight, well, you know… has had some better moments.\" \"Yes,\" Oliver smiled. \"It has.\" \"I apologize again for my display earlier,\" she couldn't stop herself from saying. \"I'm so embarrassed.\" \"You don't need to be. I'm partly to blame.\" \"It wasn't you… it was everything mixed together. Like I said, so much has happened so fast and there is so much on my mind. It's too much.\" \"Then maybe you should reconsider the deal you made concerning Miss Hannigan.\" \"I know I should, and I'm sure there is some way, but at the same time I feel responsible.\" \"But why?\" he asked. \"I don't think I can go into the whole story tonight but the gist of it is that when I knew her she wasn't the awful creature she is now. She had some of the same qualities, sure, but she was basically good. She did a lot for me. I… I wouldn't be here now if it weren't for her.\" Eyes wide, Oliver asked, \"What do you mean?\" \"I was too intimidated to try for this job. I wasn't really qualified and didn't want to put myself through the humiliation.\" \"And?\" \"And she pushed me. She wanted to see me take this. Ironically, I think it's what drove her away in the end.\" \"How so?\" \"I spent so much time here I was hardly ever home. And when I was I was cramming everything I needed to do for a week into a couple of hours here and there.\" \"Home? What do you mean?\" Realizing she hadn't told him any of the fine details, Grace said, voice strained, \"Oh… we were roommates…\" \"That's inconceivable. She's much older than you. A woman her age, even then, wouldn't have a roommate.\" \"It was a strange arrangement, I admit, but it worked for the most part. Besides, it's not too unthinkable. She wasn't married and wasn't well off.\" \"How did you even meet?\" \"… We bumped into each other on the street.\" \"… And?\" \"And that's it…\" \"You moved in with a perfect stranger off the street?\" \"Technically it was the other way around.\" \"Oh, Grace…\" \"The point is that, for the most part, it worked. We had plenty of issues but we got through them. We were good friends. We watched out for each other, you know? But I think my changing routine didn't sit with her well given her past.\" \"Do I want to know?\" \"Not tonight. At least, I'm not going to try and recall it all. Long story short, she never had it easy. I think I was a safe place for her — stable. We weren't scrounging paycheck to paycheck. So when I started working more hours a lot of responsibilities fell on her. She was starting out at the orphanage around that time as well. She wasn't running it, though, just cleaning.\" \"Wait a minute… if you knew she was there and you had some sort of ugly goodbye, why did you choose to pick a child from that orphanage?\" \"I went where The Board of Orphans sent me. There was a familiarity but I didn't realize why until I saw Agatha again.\" \"How did she go from cleaning to taking over?\" \"Something happened to the former matron. This is when a lot of things blur together. I remember her being mad I wasn't being enthusiastic about the job offer. Or maybe she didn't like my opinion on whether or not she should accept the position. Whatever it was she was angry with me. Oh, it was terrible. I'm not quite sure what exactly happened and I don't think I will ever find out. All I know is that she came home one day and tore into me, screaming and yelling things I've spent far too long trying to forget. And that was it. I moved out of our old apartment and obviously she did as well.\" \"That's it?' \"That's it. I don't know what happened to her afterward that made her into the nasty woman she is now. I do know she started drinking. She never did when I knew her.\" \"It doesn't seem so terrible when you put it that way…\" \"There's more to it, but it was overwhelming to think of explaining before. I still don't want to believe she's the way she is now. A part of me would love to have that friendship back. We have some good memories. But after this afternoon… oh, she's so awful.\" Her voice broke on the last words much to her chagrin. Oliver took her hand again. \"What happened?\" \"It's going to sound silly.\" \"That's all right.\" Grace shook her head. \"She kept saying these awful things to me. I don't know what I was saying to bring them on. We'd be having what I felt to be a constructive conversation and then her mood completely changed. She was angry about the differences in our lives. She kept referring to me the rich girl in more ways than one. Accusing me of minimizing what she's been through her whole life. Basically saying as long as I work for you I shouldn't dare complain about any complication in my path.\" \"That's ludicrous,\" he said. \"She put you through hell with Annie and she's not allowing you any grief?\" \"Seems like it.\" Again, she shook her head. \"I know I shouldn't be taking anything she says to heart, but I can't help but believe her. I am away from a lot of the struggles people are facing these days. I can't help but wonder if I'm speaking in an unsympathetic way.\" \"It doesn't matter,\" he said. \"Is she really telling you your life is invalid because your situation is different?\" \"I don't even know anymore. I panicked every time she raised her voice. I never knew what she was going to say next. There's no reasoning with her.\" A couple tears fell from her eyes which she quickly brushed away. \"I think what's saddening me is the realization things could never be the same. And I'm saddened to see she's only gotten more stuck in her misery than she was back then. And my persistence is wanting to help her along with her side of things beginning to make me feel responsible.\" \"Listen to me,\" Oliver said, bringing his thumbs to her cheekbones. \"What ever happened to her isn't your fault. From what I understand she's mad at you for moving on with your life. It's unfair for her to expect you to remain in the same place. Just because she's afraid to thrive doesn't mean your success is the cause for her drinking or whatever the hell is wrong with her. You don't owe her anything. The least she could do is be appreciative of what you're doing for her now. It certainly isn't necessary on your part. Look what she's doing to you. I know I'm partly to blame, but in all my years of knowing you I've only seen you upset a handful of times. Even then it was nothing in comparison to tonight. I hate to know she has this much power over you. I realize there are still some details I am missing but from all my years of experience I know people like her only want to drag you down with them. It doesn't matter how much you try, they won't be happy until you fail. Believe me, I encountered many Agatha Hannigans in my day. The best thing you can do is ignore these people and keep moving forward.\" \"I know you're right,\" she sighed, \"but it's easier said than done. She's not someone I've just met. There's history there. Isn't there anyone from your past you feel indebted to? Even if it isn't logical?\" Turning his eyes away, he answered. \"If I did they're either long gone or I've cut all ties. It isn't worth the conflict. I'm sure you can understand that right now.\" Grace shrugged. \"I suppose I can. Even still, I can't help but feel a pang of guilt. Looking back I can see how I was being selfish. I dumped everything on her with no care about her job.\" \"Even so, is that really enough for her to hold a grudge all this time?\" Grace rolled her eyes. \"Oh, please. You're one to talk.\" \"Business grudges are different.\" \"How so?\" she questioned. \"It's not personal,\" he said. \"When it's personal all this other stuff gets thrown into the mix and it gets ugly.\" \"I empathize.\" She paused a moment before speaking again. \"May I ask you something?\" \"Sure.\" \"When was the last time… you had a personal relationship with anyone? I don't mean a romantic interest necessarily. You have lots of colleagues and acquaintances, however, I never hear you speak of any real friends.\" Face going white and his body tensing up, he shifted in his spot. \"I… I'm not sure. I haven't given it any thought.\" \"You don't have to answer,\" she said, regretting her words. \"No, it's all right. I just don't have an answer, that's all. You know I don't have the time.\" \"Didn't have time, or didn't want to make time?\" she didn't know why she was pushing. \"I beg your pardon?\" Alas, she continued. \"The past few days you've made time for Annie and now me. Your entire demeanor has changed as well. I'm not saying it's a bad thing. I'm rather enjoying where we are right now.\" Pulling his hand away and shifting now to face forward in his seat, Oliver said, \"Annie's brought a lot back to me. You know the story of my little brother.\" Grace nodded. \"Annie has his spirit, his infuriating positivity. The kind you where can't help but believe in yourself even when everything is hopeless. I realized that, maybe, by helping Annie it'll make up for not being able to help him. I don't want to make the same mistakes again.\" Grace moved closer to him, her hand reaching out to touch his shoulder. \"You were a child then, Oliver. You mustn't blame yourself. But either way, what you've done for Annie is wonderful. For the first time in her life, she has a place to call home and closure with her parents. She's not the kind of person who's going to walk around for the rest of her days dwelling on what she wishes she could have had. This is her life now. Doesn't it feel good knowing you've changed it for the better?\" \"Yes, it does.\" \"So why dwell on the past?\" Turning his head to her, he replied, \"I might ask you the same thing.\" \"… You're right.\" \"I am?\" he questioned, a bit surprised. \"Yes. We both did the best we could with what we had at that point in our lives. We can't change it and wish we'd been able to help in ways he could now. Instead, we should focus on the way things are now and where we're headed.\" \"So,\" he said, looking ahead of him but reaching for her hand, \"does this mean you're going to make other arrangements for Miss Hannigan?\" With a breath, Grace replied, \"I'm going to give her one more chance. She's staying at a hotel right now so I want to find her her own place as soon as possible. Once I do I can start to back off again. The biggest problem will be finding her a job.\" \"As much as I dislike her, I can probably help out.\" \"You mean it?\" \"If it rids you of her, yes.\" \"I still wish things could be different.\" \"But is it worth trying if she's managed to get this much power over you?\" \"… No, I suppose it isn't. I've already resigned to the fact she's going to challenge anything I say. I need not take it to heart.\" \"Is there anything else I can do to help?\" Resting her head on his shoulder, she answered, \"I don't think so. It's something I need to handle myself. As long as I can stop taking her mood personally the quicker I can be through.\" Oliver slipped his arm around her waist. \"And once that's done we'll figure everything else out.\" She nodded, not quite sure what he meant but accepted it given the hour. \"And the other children,\" he added, \"we'll find homes for them.\" \"Sounds like a plan.\"[Chapter 31] Sorry for the spam of chapters all of a sudden. They've been sitting on my computer waiting to be edited and posted... I'm finally getting around to it. Thank you to my readers and especially reviewers :) The night in the hotel was only slightly less miserable than the night on the street. Sure, she had a bed and the comfort and protection of four walls and a ceiling, but Agatha would have traded all of that for a single sip of any kind of liquor. Cravings drove her mad all night. She couldn't sleep. She couldn't think of anything else. Nearing the point of tears by morning, she snuck out to see if could find anything, anything at all. Someone somewhere in the unfamiliar part of town had to have something. Yes, she'd be indebted to them, but it would be a better feeling than this withdrawal. But her luck was as rotten as always. No booze. No money. Nothing. She was back to questioning the good of her freedom. At least in prison, no one would expect her to be anything but bitter. All she had to look forward to now was the promise of her highness coming to do a check up on the peasant lady. So she waited. And waited. Without food and without any idea of Grace would be asking through the door. Then she remembered how angry she'd been before leaving yesterday. Was this some form of punishment now? Was she making her wait on purpose? Probably. She was on a roll these days with her games. It angered her to think she was allowing herself to play along. But what choice did she have? Where else was she to go and what else was she to do? Anything she had in mind couldn't be done until nighttime. But who knows? Maybe Grace has people to tailgate her. She wouldn't put it past her for a moment. To call this freedom was an insult. Agatha swung her head around at the sound of the door opening. \"Grace,\" she said. \"What the hell took you so long?\" \"My job comes first,\" Grace said plainly. \"I nearly didn't come at all.\" \"It's dinnertime. I've been without a meal for heaven knows how long and you're here empty handed?\" \"I'm not your servant. If you're so hungry why didn't you order room service?\" \"… There's room service?\" Walking over to the nightstand, Grace held up the info paper. \"Oh… well… how am I supposed to pay for it?\" \"They'll charge it to me.\" \"Oh good, then I'll be sure to eat more than my fair share.\" Grace gave this statement no reaction. Instead, she said, \"I'm not going to be here long. Just seeing if you need anything for the next few days. I'm trying to find a job for you.\" \"Nothing,\" Agatha said. \"Okay then, I'll see you sometime next week then.\" \"Hold on,\" Agatha said as she followed Grace to the door. \"That's it?\" \"That's what?\" \"You came all the way down here to ask if I need anything?\" \"I agreed to check in on you. You know, make sure you're behaving?\" Agatha gave an amused chuckled. \"Yeah, you must be enjoying this. You and Annie must be having a barrel of laughs. Poor old Agatha needs a babysitter.\" \"If you don't like being treated like a child then don't act like one. As for Annie, she doesn't know anything about this.\" \"Really?\" \"It's none of her business.\" Agatha nodded, not having the courage to say thank you. \"I'll see you in a few days.\" \"Wait,\" Agatha said, \"what happened?\" \"What do you mean?\" Grace questioned. \"Yesterday you were so snippy. I expected you to be even worse today.\" \"Believe it or not, Agatha, I'm not quick to argue. Things aren't going to change. You've made that clear.\" \"So, you're blaming me?\" \"I'm not blaming anyone. I don't care who's fault it is if it's anyone's fault at all. The fact is we're different people. We always were and that's what ultimately drove us apart. Our similarities didn't do us any favors, either.\" \"What are you talking about? You abandoned me. The minute your life started working out for you nobody else mattered. Not me, not that Tim.\" Grace wasn't sure how to react to the sound of Tim's name. It'd been years since she'd thought of him. \"Am I wrong?\" Agatha pressed. \"Give me a break,\" she sighed. \"A lot changed for me so fast. It's no excuse but I was still young. Surely you can understand that.\" Agatha scoffed. \"When I was that age, I-\" \"Yeah, I know. Your life was so much worse. Which brings me back to my saying we were and are different people. We approach life differently. And it's not fair to keep saying I abandoned you. I didn't commit my life to you. We shared the rent and a living space. We were friends. It didn't mean we were tied to each other for the rest of our days. You knew I intended to work and have a family. You knew I'd be moving out eventually. Besides, I worked a lot before I took the job with Mr. Warbucks. What was it about working elsewhere that bothered you so much?\" \"It wasn't the job. It was the fact you would say in the morning you'd be home for dinner and then left me waiting without groceries. Or when you told me to have dinner made and you left me with a cooked meal I had to eat two hours later when I figured out it was going to be another late night. You were late with your half of the bills and you left me not knowing what needed to be done and what was already taken care of. Then whenever you were around everything was about you. Your day, your boss, your stress, your obligations. I didn't mind listening, but whenever it was my turn to talk you either cut it short or didn't let me start at all. It got old. Especially when I came home with a big problem of my own. Your job wasn't any more a job than mine. I snapped. Trying to talk to you never made a difference. I didn't need to live with you to get by. I liked having someone there even if it was only for a couple hours every day.\" \"Then I don't understand why you came home that one morning in a rampage and told me you were leaving. So don't put it all on me.\" As firm as her resolve had been, Grace couldn't help but speak her side. \"I apologize for focusing so much on myself. I can't change what happened then. But I can't believe that is the only reason behind what happened. If so, don't you think it was rather extreme?\" \"I went my whole life being ignored. I wasn't about to go through it again.\" \"Isn't it ironic that you created something you'd wanted to avoid?\" \"What are you talking about now?\" \"Essentially, you're telling me you hated and didn't want to be alone. You were so afraid of it that you preferred to push me away yourself.\" Agatha crossed her arms. \"There wasn't much pushing to do. You were barely around.\" \"But I was around some.\" \"Not enough.\" \"Agatha, I didn't owe my time to you.\" \"You couldn't take two minutes to talk about me instead of yourself! Friends are supposed to care about their friends, not just themselves.\" Fighting the urge to shout back, Grace replied, \"I did care about you. I've already apologized for being self-centered and I don't know what you expect me to do about it now. But caring about someone isn't always asking how they are every two seconds. Life happens. Other things get in the way. What's supposed to be good about a friendship is being able to pick up where you left off. I know I was busier than usual, but we did see each other around.\" Not sure where to go with this next and not wanting to give her the satisfaction of speaking what might be considered logical, Agatha said, \"Well… what about that boyfriend of yours?\" \"Tim? We broke up a long time ago.\" \"And what was the reason?\" \"It's none of your business.\" \"Please,\" Agatha scoffed. \"You told me everything about that relationship. Shouldn't I know how it ended?\" \"You don't really care. You just want to blame something else on me. It was mutual. No drama. No hard feelings. Sorry to disappoint you.\" \"How could it be mutual after all that time?\" \"It wasn't so long,\" Grace said. \"And we were both more interested in our jobs than each other. The passion was never there.\" \"And since then?\" Agatha questioned. \"Excuse me?\" \"Anyone after him? I can tell by your hand you're not married.\" \"You really think I'm going to engage in this kind of conversation after the way you've been treating me?\" \"You ain't bein' any nicer.\" \"Because you keep infuriating me. And at least my words are fair. There's no hiding the fact you aren't well. All you've been doing is making blind accusations as they pop into your head. Nothing is fact. It's all what you believe it to be.\" \"I'm not stupid.\" \"When did I say you were?\" \"I can put things together. You've got everything.\" \"I may be well off, but that does not mean I have everything.\" \"Name one thing you don't have.\" \"Forget it, Agatha,\" Grace said, putting her hands up. \"I'm not doing this.\" \"It's because you can't.\" \"You're not getting me this way. I told you I'm not giving into this childish ploy and I'm going to leave before this escalates any more.\" \"Then I'm gonna keep on believing you ain't got a trouble in the world.\" \"You're going to believe that no matter what I say. I'd rather not waste my time.\" \"So what am I supposed to do?\" \"Whatever you want as long as you stay out of trouble.\" Agatha scoffed. \"Yeah, right. I have no money.\" \"I'm not going to hand you cash.\" \"So then, I'm stuck here like a fool while I wait for mommy to give me my allowance.\" Grace took hold of the doorknob, swinging her head back to shoot something back at Agatha. Alas, she found it in herself not to stoop. Instead, she replied, \"That's right.\" The last thing she saw before shutting the door was the look of pure shock on Agatha's face.[Chapter 32] \"How did it go?\" Oliver asked after dinner that evening after Annie and the other girls ran off to play before dark. \"Fine,\" Grace answered half-heartedly. \"I did what you said and ignored her as best I could. It wasn't easy. I can't believe how easy it is to fall into old habits.\" \"Such as?\" \"Having to get the final word — this inner competitiveness that I hate so much.\" \"I don't see you as competitive.\" \"It's more subtle, I suspect. Like you, I don't like to lose a fight.\" She grinned from across the table, reaching for her teacup. \"Then we've just assured ourselves our lives together will never be dull.\" Grinning turning to a full-on smile, Grace marveled at the notion. \"I look forward to it,\" she replied softly. \"So what happened?\" \"Another silly argument,\" she sighed. \"Not as bad as before. Sleep certainly helped. \"What did you argue about?\" \"Who knows anymore? At least it was somewhat productive. We were able to discuss what happened between us. Her more than me now that I think about it, but I didn't have much to say. I did apologize for how she felt then. I can admit I did leave her out of the loop with my schedule. But I also made sure to say I didn't owe her explanations. I do wish I had been better about it as a courtesy, however, there is absolutely nothing I can do about it now.\" \"Did she appreciate the sentiment?\" \"Again, who knows? All she did was turn it around to an old boyfriend.\" \"Old boyfriend? Who? What would he have to do with anything?\" \"Don't be jealous,\" she teased. \"Remember Tim Beatty? He and I were together when I first started working here.\" \"I'm not jealous,\" Oliver said in an unconvincing tone. \"I just find it strange she should remember and ask about him after all this time. I never realized it was so serious.\" Playfully rolling her eyes, Grace reminded, \"He moved to the West Coast over five years ago. You have nothing to worry about.\" \"But why would she mention it if it wasn't serious.\" Grace shrugged. \"I suppose it could have been considered serious in the sense we went out for a significant period of time. But my heart was never fully in it. When busy enough, I'd completely forget he and I made plans. I never felt too guilty about canceling either. There just wasn't any sort of spark — on either side. And that's why we broke up. We realized we were only together because we were afraid there wouldn't be anyone else.\" \"Do you regret it?\" Eyebrow raised along with a smirk on her lips, she answered, \"Not in the slightest.\" Oliver smiled, clearly embarrassed for his momentary resentment against a man whose face he hardly remembered. \"I'm glad.\" A few seconds passed before she added, \"And to put your mind at ease, this most certainly is not the case with you.\" \"Good.\" His shoulders relaxed. \"Because I have been looking forward to the moment we're alone again… all day long.\" \"We're alone now,\" she played. \"You know what I mean,\" he replied, voice lowering as he gestured to the butler's station. \"When we know people won't be in and out of the room.\" \"Ah,\" Grace nodded, taking another sip of her tea. It was fortunate Annie came running into the room at this moment as the intensity of their last few words would have been noticeable to anyone over a certain age. \"Miss Farrell! Miss Farrell!\" she said, out of breath from her speed. \"Yes? Is something the matter?\" \"We were climbing the big tree out in the yard and I dunno what happened but July fell. She's cryin' real hard. She's really hurt.\" \"Oh dear,\" Grace said as she stood. \"Oliver, can you please get a doctor on the phone?\" \"Sure, but I wouldn't worry too much. Kids fall out of trees all the time.\" \"Still, that tree is rather high. I want her to be checked over.\" \"I think her foot might be broken. We tried getting her to stand up but she couldn't.\" \"Go,\" Oliver said. \"I'll have someone over here within the half hour.\" Another evening, another miserable struggle with a lack of alcohol. Food made little difference to her mood, though it was nice to eat good food for a change. Another thing plaguing Agatha's mind was Grace's departure. It confused her. They'd always been known to bicker but Grace never gave in like this. Was she serious? Was there really no hope for them to resolve everything that'd happened? Agatha knew she was being difficult. It was a survival instinct. She couldn't handle losing this friendship again. It was better not to have it at all. By now Grace would be well set in her ways. She supposed she was, too, even if her ways were unhealthier. Ideally, help would be good for her. She hated herself for her drinking and everything that went along with it. It indirectly killed both of her parents and turned Rooster, quite frankly, evil. And this is what terrified her most about what she'd done to Annie. The evil was catching up to her now. She was willing to hurt not only Annie but everyone who knew her as well. And for what? Money that would have been spent irresponsibly within a year? A small taste of the finer things? If the cheap things have made her so bitter she was scared to think what anything more could do. And yet, she couldn't find it within herself to say any of this to Grace. Not even an apology. And why? Because Grace was, indirectly, what made her drink in the first place. Life stress she was used to, personal stress not so much. Why she ever listened to Rooster that night she would never know. It seemed all well and safe for the one time. Who knew one drink so quickly turned into two then three. It was horrid yet soothing. For a little while problems were numbed. Now, these past couple days, there was nothing to make the pain feel less powerful. For the first time in years, she was being forced to face them head-on. It's no wonder she kept distancing herself. Couldn't Grace understand this? She acted as though she knew everything. Why was she giving her such a hard time about this? At last the sun set. It'd be a long walk but a walk well worth it. Grace wouldn't be around for the next few days to catch on. Sometime she would quick drinking. It would have to be a slow process, though. This cold-turkey stuff wasn't working for her. She needed to ween. Circumstantially she didn't have a choice. She'd need to be clever keeping it hidden. Money would be a struggle as well. The last of what she had would be going into a taste. It was risky, but who's to say she had to wait for Grace to find her a job? She could find one herself. She wasn't above lying. After all, if she'd told the truth every time she applied for a job she almost never would have had one. Worse off now, sure, but her motto never change. You have to do what you have to do to survive. She wasn't sure she'd survive all that long without a drink. Her stomach felt strange without it. If her body didn't quit on her, her mind would. She felt herself slipping away both slowly and rapidly at the same time. Losing her mind was much worse than being drunk. She felt more apt to hurt somebody and/or herself the way she could see herself going. It wouldn't be intentional, of course, it would be an act of desperation. It figured. What she needed now more than ever was a friend, and the only person she knew would could be one was denied any chance she was given. As much as Agatha didn't want to admit it, she knew she only had herself to blame. Grace didn't have to do any of the things she'd done. It would have been easier to lock her up, throw away the key, and be done with her for once and for all. But she didn't. She fought for just the opposite. And she kept fighting. Even today she allowed for a slight chance and she blew it. And for what? Pride again? Perhaps tonight's journey would be the lesson she needed. She couldn't face this world alone. She needed somebody. Deep down she wanted nothing more than to knock on Grace's door and beg for help. But she wouldn't and knew that she couldn't. She hit her limit. By the look of disconnect on her face, she wasn't too confident Grace would put her heart into helping her much more. Why should she? Agatha knew she was nothing but a pathetic ingrate. All of these thoughts fresh in mind, Agatha dug out her old overcoat and set off in the rain. Everything would feel better — make sense again — as soon as she got a drink.[Chapter 33] Over the next few days, Grace kept busy with work, Annie and the girls, and party plans (upon Oliver's suggestion). Agatha kept occupied herself in different ways. Taking a chance the other night was well worth it. At last she was able to calm herself. The bitter taste of gin was that slight familiarity she clung to in this strange place. Drinking was different as of now. More controlled and paced. By nighttime she was tipsy, but the fear of Grace making a surprise visit made it easier to stay in control. Feeling more in control now she felt as though she would be able to approach Grace more calmly. Overall, she did appreciate all she was doing to help even if she had an annoying way of going about it. No longer in survival mode, she figured she may as well take advantage of what was being handed to her while she could. Every morning, or rather, a couple hours after whatever time for woke up, she'd force herself out to look for a job. One downfall of having Grace set it up was that there would likely be some sort of reporting back to her. It was going to be hard enough adjusting to a regular job again without the added stress of being watched. But as expected, jobs were not easy to come by. This put her in the position to rely on Grace yet again. Her whole life she tried to avoid being helpless. Maybe there was some truth to the idea you create what you fear. \"Any luck with the job hunt for Miss Hannigan?\" Oliver asked half-interested as he walked into the office looking over some notes in preparation for a meeting. Keeping the phone to her ear and holding the receiver away from her mouth. \"Not really. I've been on hold with this one person for nearly ten minutes.\" \"What's the job?\" \"Cleaning. It's what she used to do. I can't remember if I mentioned it or not. I already know she will give me a hard time about it but it's all I can think of. There's little interaction with other people and she won't have to answer to a boss for every move she makes.\" \"How will you get her to agree if you suspect she'll resist?\" \"She really doesn't have a choice. Unless she prefers to be without food or shelter. Wouldn't surprise me if that's what she chose, though.\" Oliver shook his head as he sat down at the desk. \"You are a better person than I, Grace.\" \"Why do you say that?\" \"I would have been rid of her by now. I don't think I would have given her so much as a chance.\" \"So much of me wants to back off. But I can't seem to find it within myself, ultimately.\" \"As long as you're not letting her convince you that you owe her anything.\" \"She isn't. I know I don't — and if I did I've repaid her. I guess it's more a matter of owing it to myself. I've regretted how she and I left things and I don't deny the part I played in it. I could have been more thoughtful when it came to plans and chores.\" Oliver shook his head. \"I still can't comprehend that logic. I've always believed you have to take care of yourself. Once you have you get to a place where you can help others.\" \"There is truth to that. See, I'm at a place now where I can help her. I wish things could have remained how they used to be. But who knows? Things might have turned out very different for all of us I'm a firm believer in everything happens for a reason- oh, hello?\" \"Excuse me?\" Oliver said. Grace whispered, \"I forgot I was on hold.\" With a chuckle, Oliver nodded and let her get back to her task as he started back on his notes. A few more days passed before Grace returned to Agatha's hotel room. It was early evening, so she was surprised when she knocked and received no answer. Having no idea where she could have gone, she began to worry and think of the worst-case scenario. She must have left. With a lead of several days, there was no telling where she'd gone and no way to find her. Agatha was anything but dumb. If she didn't want to be found she wouldn't be. What would she tell The Board of Orphans if they asked? She'd never been involved in this kind of case before. She hadn't a clue about what those papers she signed actually meant — whether it was a formality or binding. In hindsight, she should have taken some time to read them. \"Oh, hey, Grace.\" Grace jumped slightly at the sound of Agatha's voice coming up behind her. \"Thank goodness.\" \"What?\" \"I thought you'd…\" \"What?\" \"Well, you know… I thought you left.\" Rolling her eyes, Agatha unlocked the door. \"Show me a little bit of trust, will ya? I was at work.\" \"I apologize, but you can't blame my mind for going there under the circumstances… Did you say you got a job?\" \"Yup.\" \"I thought I was finding one for you? I just spent the past three days making calls. Why didn't you tell me?\" \"I only got it a couple days ago. How the hell was I supposed to call you?\" \"With the phone.\" \"Funny. I mean, how was I ever going to get through? If that boss of yours answered he would have hung up.\" \"He wouldn't have.\" \"So he knows then?\" \"Yes, I couldn't avoid telling him.\" \"Surprised he didn't fire you.\" Growing defensive, Grace replied, \"You can't believe everything you read in the papers. He's not this heartless tyrant the world makes him out to be. Yes, he had his downfalls such as his temper but he does a lot of good. You can't deny that.\" \"Whoa there, calm down. That wasn't an insult to him that was an insult to myself.\" \"Oh… well, you should start to learn to be kinder to yourself, too.\" After a few moments of consideration, Agatha couldn't control the small smirk that touched her lips. \"Somebody is smitten with him, hmm?\" \"Don't try and change the subject,\" Grace said as she walked deeper into the room. \"What is this job you got?\" \"Nothing exciting. I'd much rather hear about this office romance of yours.\" \"It's none of your business.\" \"Ah, come on, Grace. You can tell me. It'll be like old times.\" \"Old times flew out the window days ago. Don't act nice to me now. I'm not falling for it. I want to know what this job is and I want to know now.\" Frown returning, Agatha answered, \"I'm a waitress, all right? Don't get all panicked. I'm not peddling drugs or working for the mafia. I'm serving burgers and pie.\" \"That sounds fine.\" \"It is, so calm down.\" \"I'm not worked up. I'm just surprised you were able to find one.\" \"Why? Because I'm such a terrible person?\" \"Yes.\" Shocked at the response, Agatha questioned, \"Is that really what you think?\" \"It doesn't matter what I think. When you start putting words into my mouth I'm going to start agreeing. It saves me a lot of energy. I'm surprised because work is hard to come by.\" \"Well, as it turns out people like hiring people willing to work for less than peanuts.\" \"In that case, you may be better off with the job I've found for you.\" \"What is it?\" \"Cleaning for a similar company you did before.\" \"Absolutely not. I'm not doing that again as long as I have an option.\" \"It's your choice, but know I'm not going to be a source of funds for you. I'm helping you out on a temporary basis, that's all.\" \"I know,\" Agatha said. \"I'm going to be just fine.\" \"But how will you be able to afford rent?\" \"I'll make it somehow.\" \"You can't rely on somehow.\" \"I know you're trying to help, but it's obvious you're only doing it because you have to. I don't need help from somebody if it's out of pure obligation.\" \"It's funny you should say that because when this mess started, it wasn't out of obligation. It is now.\" \"What do you mean?\" \"You kept pushing me away. Right from the start back at the bridge. I kept giving you chances despite the grief you continued to give me. And now you suddenly seem more rational? I can't keep up, Agatha, and quite frankly, I don't want to try. You put me through a lot these past couple weeks and I'm finally at a place where I've recovered. I need to carry on with my life. I suppose a part of me kept trying because I wanted you to be a part of it again. I hated all the things Annie told me and it wasn't until I saw you with Rooster at the bridge I believed any of it was true. I never got in touch with you because I didn't think you wanted to see me. You were so angry with me that time. I didn't know how to respond.\" Nervously wringing her hands, Agatha said, \"I, um… I don't remember all of what happened… but I do know what I'd been doing the night before which is probably what prompted whatever I said or did.\" \"What was it?\" \"That night… I was mad at you. I don't remember why exactly, just that I was mad. I went over to see Rooster and somehow I started drinking. Don't ask me how much. It was a lot, that's all I can tell you.\" \"That's when this started?\" \"I think it was. It's not like I was drinkin' every moment or every night. That happened slowly. When working at the orphanage grew more tedious, the more of a habit it became. It got me through.\" \"Did it?\" Grace questioned. \"Can you really say it got you through when you're in the position you're in now.\" \"Don't lecture me. I know I have a problem. I'm the only one who can fix it so don't try to be a hero.\" \"I don't plan to be. I don't know anything about that.\" \"Good.\" \"But may I ask how you plan to quit after all this time? You're surprisingly calm at the moment.\" \"You should have seen my earlier this week. In fact, you did.\" \"I suppose that makes sense, but I don't believe it all could change so quick… wait a minute,\" Grace trailed off. \"What do you mean fix it?\" \"None of your business.\" \"Yes, it is.\" \"That isn't fair. You have the right to tell me something isn't any of my business but I can't do the same?\" \"No, not when it's what influenced your bad behavior. This is different from my personal relationships and you know it.\" \"Just let me handle it. I need to feel somewhat in control here. I've admitted my mistakes. I've admitted I have a problem. What more are you lookin' for from me?\" \"Change.\" \"I've got news for you. Change doesn't happen overnight and it isn't something that you can force. The more you try to change me yourself the more I'm going to resist. Shouldn't you know that?\" \"Shouldn't you know that I'm only pushing because I care about you? Why do you have such a hard time letting people get close to you? Imagine how many friends you could have had if you just could have accepted them.\" \"Because they all leave! They all leave, Grace. You're one of them. I let you get to know me despite my better judgment and it bit me in the ass. I'm not falling for it a second time, that's for damn sure.\" \"Yeah, I left, Agatha. I left because you're so stubborn and only like it when things go your way. You walk around thinking you know everything there is to life. Well, you don't. I'm not belittling your experiences. I know you had a rotten childhood and a rotten adulthood. The whole world can tell you how sorry they feel for you but it's not going to change fact. Now you're left with two choices: Wallowing in the pain of the past or doing something about it. My suggestion would be to do something because it can't be any harder than staying miserable.\" \"And you wonder why I say you haven't had any true suffering in your life to know what the hell you're talking about?\" Taking a step toward Agatha, Grace said, voice thick with anger but not shouting, \"Maybe I don't have a delinquent brother. Maybe I'm not a drunk. Maybe I haven't worked jobs in seedy places. But you have no right to stand there and tell me nothing bad has happened in my life. I lost my mother when I was young, my father as a teenager. You know this. No, that's no reason to walk around sad or give my life a title of despair.\" \"If that's all ya got you're even more oblivious than I thought. We all lose our parents sooner or later. I hardly knew my dad and my mom was just as much a drunk as he was.\" \"I'm not saying that's the only pain I've endured. I, too, have lost friends. It happens, Agatha. You meet people, you are a part of their lives, and it's sad to say that sometimes — a lot of times — you lose touch. It happens. Life happens. You love and lose people. Some are harder than other to say goodbye to. Sometimes you lose them without a goodbye and you're left with so much unsettled. Sometimes it's a situation like ours, sometimes it's from a situation you and then have no control over. I live with this every day. I've felt alone for quite a while.\" \"That's ridiculous,\" Agatha said. \"You're in a house full of people.\" \"Sometimes you feel your loneliest in a room full of people.\" \"What?\" \"Yes, I have friends at home, but I'm indirectly one of their bosses. There are so many things I could never talk to them about in fear of gossip spreading or an overall difference in status. Even if I don't feel above them, they feel below me. No matter how hard I try it doesn't make a difference. I can't control how they feel. Meanwhile, I'm left to watch them and their strong bonds with each other. A bond I know I'll never be able to be a part of even if I were to quit my job. And dating? I learned fast that anyone interested in me was after my connections, leaving me to mourn the loss of the family I so wanted. As for Oliver — Mr. Warbucks — we're friends, but until recently our association has been business. All these years and there are so many things we don't know about each other. So you're not the only one who spent nights alone with less than happy thoughts. Your crutch was alcohol, mine was work. I've given up a lot with this job. I make money but I hardly get to spend it. If you thought I was busy then you'd love to see me now. And while things are starting to turn around now thanks to Annie, God bless her, it'll be a while before I'll be able to fully drop my own insecurities and fears.\" \"At least you have family somewhere and somehow at the end of the day,\" Agatha said, not really wanting to acknowledge her words. \"I don't have my brother to turn to and never did all those nights by myself.\" \"I didn't, either,\" Grace said, looking away. \"Okay, so maybe he is far away, but you have the comfort of writing a letter, seeing him from time to time and never in prison.\" \"He died, Agatha.\" \"… What?\" \"He died.\" \"… Oh… I'm… I'm sorry. I-I didn't know.\" \"Of course you didn't know. I wasn't going to tell you.\" \"Why not?\" Agatha asked. \"Because it's what happens. I refuse to use his and his kids' deaths as an excuse to stop living myself. Most importantly, I refuse to use it as an excuse to let people feel sorry for me. But now that you do know, believe me when I say I know grief. It happens in different ways. Who's to say who's gone through worse than anyone? It doesn't matter. Maybe you would have handled that situation better and maybe not. The point is it's not a competition and I really resent you trying to make me feel guilty with your life story. You are not the only one who suffers in this world. I guarantee you there are people in this very building that have it worse than you and I could even begin to imagine.\" \"… The kids? You mean… they all died?\" \"Nearly.\" A chill came over Agatha. Why, she wasn't sure. \"What… what happened?\" \"Car accident. Matthew, Leia, and I were the only ones who made it.\" \"You were in the car with them?\" Grace nodded. \"Haven't taken a vacation since… Matthew is on his own now and always moving around. I couldn't keep up. As for Leia… well, we lost touch. I think I remind her too much of Deven. She'll send a Christmas card every year but it's brief. I stopped writing her other times because she wouldn't answer.\" \"How badly… were you hurt?\" Agatha questioned. Grace shrugged. \"It doesn't matter now.\" \"Tell me, please.\" \"Let's just say I'm blessed to only have a scar on my leg.\" \"Did the others at least go quick? When did this happen?\" \"You hardly knew them,\" \"Like you said about Warbucks, I'm not as heartless as you think.\" Sensing a genuine concern, Grace answered. \"A few years ago. I went to visit for Thanksgiving. It'd been a long time since I'd seen them. Come to think of it, that was probably my first visit since they stayed with us that one Christmas. Anyway, the first snow happened to be around that time. We got caught in it… I can't remember now where we were coming from or if we were headed to someplace.\" Tears filled her eyes but she blinked them back, determined not to crumble. \"We spun out of control and tumbled off the road. Matthew managed to walk away with nothing more than a concussion and some bruises. Leia got a similar gash as I did only in the arm. She had a couple sprains as well. Lindsey and Deven got the worst of it. That's all I'll say. Rosie held on for a few days afterward, but her internal wounds were too powerful.\" \"I'm so sorry, Grace.\" \"Thank you.\" \"Can I ask you something?\" \"Sure,\" Grace replied, figuring after this there was nothing Agatha could say to phase her. \"Why would you come back to New York after that? I mean, knowin' how you used to be, why wouldn't you want to stay with your sister in law?\" \"Part of me thought about it. More because I was reminded how fleeting life is or how much it can change in a matter of seconds. I stayed behind for a while, mostly because I couldn't travel until I recovered some.\" \"Surprise ya didn't lose the job altogether. Can't picture any billionaire waiting around for help.\" \"Mr. Warbucks was very sympathetic.\" Hearing an edge enter in her tone, Agatha said, \"Sorry.\" \"… That was the last time I thought about having a family. I knew I had to decide if I wanted a career or family. At the time, balancing both wasn't an option. I didn't want to be away from my kids should I have any. When my leg healed and Leia was settled at her mother's I came back to New York. I wasn't sure what my decision was going to be.\" \"What made you keep working?\" \"Like I said earlier; work is my crutch. This all happened around the time of the stock market crash — right after. I suppose guilt was a factor in my decision. Mr. Warbucks allowed me to take the trip despite how busy the office became. I must say that surprised me as well. I was only meant to be gone a few days and I'd had the trip planned all year. I was sure I was coming home to a monster, but the first thing he asked me…\" \"What?\" \"He asked if I was okay.\" \"You based a life-changing decision off of that?\" Agatha questioned. \"I can tell you're nuts about him but even to me that sounds crazy.\" \"Maybe. But I also knew I was twenty-nine. The chances of finding someone to marry would have been slim to begin with. Add bankruptcy to the mix and I didn't have a prayer. But I also stayed because I could bear the thought of being alone. I still wasn't getting around too well and I'd been so concerned about Leia and Matthew that I hadn't had a chance to react to the death of the others myself. A big change was out of the question. I assumed I'd regret it somewhere down the line but never did. I'm grateful.\" Agatha, who'd been standing the entire time, finally took a seat on the arm of the sofa. \"I never would'a suspected any of that. I mean, my parents died in stupid ways and I'm sure Rooster ain't far behind, but at least I wasn't part of it.\" \"Agatha… you're on the same path. You need to get a hold of this. You already look ill and I in the short time I've known you again you've done your fair share of stupid things because of your drinking. Do you really want to wait for that one life-changing event to quit? If you survive to quit at all.\" \"Look,\" Agatha said as she stood again, \"I know I'm in trouble here. I knew it a long time ago. Some of us don't handle things as well as other. I'm sorry you were in that accident and I'm sorry for saying you don't know pain, but I'm not you. I can't see the good in a bad situation. And you're missing a major difference.\" \"What's that?\" \"You had people to turn to. Whether they were friends or just other people walkin' around you had someone there. I didn't. Never have. You were around for a little while but left with the rest of them.\" \"You pushed me away. I won't deny I played a part but ultimately you were the one who was so scared of losing me as a friend that you took care of matters yourself.\" \"You hardly tried.\" \"Because I was afraid. I didn't know then what I know now. I would never have guessed you were drunk. All I saw was someone I trusted screaming at me, throwing things, and cursing me out.\" \"I never threw things…\" \"Yes, you did. Call me sensitive but I took it personally.\" \"… You had to have known something was off.\" \"I did but was too scared to figure what. I wasn't going to wait around for something worse.\" \"I guess the stuff does make me…\" \"Violent,\" Grace finished. \"I would'a said it.\" \"Like it or not we can't change the past. And like it or not, we all have our baggage be it past or present. I've apologized for my part and I can't help whether or not you accept it. As I said when I got here, I've been trying to help you since we were standing at the bridge. You pushed me away then, too. I thought maybe we could work things out even though I know it'll never be how it used to be. I'm not the same person I was ten years ago and neither are you. That doesn't have to be a bad thing. People, or rather most people, aren't going around holding a list of the bad things that have happened to them. That's why you can't be expecting people not to understand what you've gone through. You're no better or worse than the rest of us. We've all suffered and continue to suffer in our own ways. At the end of the day what separates us is our attitudes. True, some people are born lucky. They can reach the top without lifting a finger and everybody can envy them. The thing is to take a moment to look at their eyes. Almost always you can see that they are missing so much and have a lot of pain inside.\" This was too much for Agatha to handle. Not so much the subject matter or what was being said, rather the amount of things she was being given to process. She didn't say anything for a minute, looking around the room to avoid looking at any part of Grace. She felt strange. Not sick but not like herself. Change might not be so bad. She wasn't always this cynical. She remembered a time where she felt Grace had missed out on more than she had. What happened to those days? Had drinking really turned her into such a miserable being that even someone as forgiving as Grace got such a sad look in her presence? It wouldn't be easy but maybe Grace was serious when she said she wanted to be friends again. If not, what did she have to lose anymore? Nothing could happen that would bring her back to the same misery she felt working at the orphanage. Grace watched as Agatha walked around to different locations around the room, realizing as the bottles collected in her hands why Agatha's mood was so much more improved today. By the time Agatha stood in front of her again Grace was looking at the ground, feeling a profound sadness at the image she saw. Then, Agatha surprised her. \"Here,\" Agatha said while pushing all but one bottle into Grace's arms. \"What am I supposed to do with these?\" \"Dump them.\" \"Oh no,\" Grace said as she took a step back and looked for a place to set them down. \"I don't want this to come back at me. I don't want you to get angry at me when you have nothing left.\" \"I'm not going to be angry. That's why I am keeping this one. I know if I don't it will be a nightmare. I mean, it's going to be hell either way, but I need to know I can have a taste if I need to. Knowing this is the only bottle around will help me make it last.\" \"Is this why you got a job? How did you pay for these?\" \"You don't wanna, and no, I didn't steal them or money for them.\" \"I want you to quit, Agatha, I really do… but I'm afraid to do this.\" \"I'd do it myself if I thought I could. I don't want to keep living this way. You're right. It killed my parents and it's not going to kill me. I'm sure as hell not going to end up like Rooster, either. I've done too many stupid things these past several years and I'm tired of being a joke. I know it's going to be too late for me to do anything really fulfilling in my life but maybe I'll find a little something for me. If not, at least I know I'm stronger then what's in those bottles.\" Grace finally looked at Agatha straight on. In her eyes, she could see something had transpired within. Then eying the sofa next to her, she set the gin down for just a moment. \"You are stronger, Agatha.\" Opening her arms to her, Grace finished, \"I know you are.\"[Chapter 34] \"Miss Farrell!\" Annie greeted when she saw Grace walk into her room to say goodnight. \"Where have you been? I thought you were coming to the movies with all of us.\" \"I'm sorry, dear,\" Grace said as she walked over to Annie. \"My errand took longer than I anticipated. I'll make it up to you, I promise.\" \"That's okay,\" the little girl shrugged, clearly disappointed. \"How was it? Did your friends enjoy it?\" \"Oh boy, did they ever! Molly fell asleep like the first time I went. I think Duffy might've, too. Mr. Warbucks looked tired when we got home. I think we wore him out.\" Grace only nodded, knowing she would be hearing about this later. \"Annie?\" Both Grace and Annie looked to the door at the small voice in the doorway. \"Yeah, Molly?\" Annie replied. \"Can I sleep in here again? My room is too dark.\" \"Sure,\" Annie said. \"Is there anything we can do to make your room feel better? A night light?\" Molly shook her head. \"I wanna stay with Annie.\" Grace smiled. \"That's fine.\" \"You'll still take us dress shopping tomorrow, won't you Miss Farrell?\" Annie asked, switching back to the former subject. \"I wouldn't miss it for the world!\" \"Can I get a pretty pink one, Miss Farrell?\" Molly asked as she held her stuffed rabbit close to her. \"I promise I'll play nice and that I won't get it dirty none.\" \"You can get whichever dress you want, dear.\" \"For real?!\" \"For real!\" \"Ain't this great, Molly?\" Annie asked, climbing into bed next to her friend. \"Nice clothes, movies, yummy food…\" \"Annie… Miss Farrell…? Do you think that maybe I'll have a new home someday, too?\" Annie looked up to Grace full of hope in her eyes. Choosing her words carefully, Grace answered, \"Why don't you make a wish on a star tonight? Wish extra hard.\" Molly frowned. \"I never see the stars out my window.\" \"Have you looked outside Annie's?\" Molly shook her head. Grace leaned over to kiss both of their foreheads before saying, \"Why don't you take a look after I shut off the lights. Remember, make sure you wish really hard — harder than anything else you've ever wished for.\" Catching on, Annie chimed in. \"She's right, Molly. You gotta wish with all you got.\" \"I'll do it! I promise!\" Giving them both a wide smile, Grace placed her hand on the light switch. \"Goodnight, you two. Don't stay up after going to the window. You have a busy next couple of days.\" \"Is there really going to be a big party with an elphanant?\" Grace chuckled. \"That's pronounced elephant, dear. And yes, there will really be a big party and there will really be an elephant.\" \"Leapin' lizards,\" Annie said, \"I can hardly believe it!\" \"Sweet dreams now.\" . . . After saying goodnight to the kids, Grace ate a late supper before going to find Oliver. She needed some time to herself to process her day. While she felt terrible for missing yet another outing with the children, she was so glad for her and Agatha's conversation. Something was different this time. She felt as though she could trust her words. Would it be an easy, magical change? Absolutely not. She suspected there were going to be some long nights ahead of the both of them. But right now none of that felt like a burden. If it would better Agatha's life it would all be worth it. For herself, she was glad to know there was a chance she'd have her as a friend again. She had missed her over the years. They might not have spent all that much time together in the greater scheme of things, but she did owe a lot of her present to Agatha. If she hadn't insisted on her going to the secretarial job, she wouldn't have known Annie and she wouldn't be with Oliver. Sure, it took time, but don't all good things? With this in mind, taking the time to help sober Agatha would be time and energy well spent. Her first official night. Her first official night on the road to recovery. Agatha sat by the window of the hotel room looking at anything and everything to keep her mind off of the bottle she'd hidden away in one of her trunks. She wouldn't cave. Not tonight. Not on her first night. That bottle was for a moment of complete desperation. Even then it was only for a sip or two. Nothing more. Grace had told her to call her should she feel tempted, but what could she do? Yeah, she could offer an ear and support. Truth be told, she felt somewhat embarrassed for this evening. It was sincere, though, uncomfortable. She was well aware of how she'd been acting and to know Grace could see her change of heart was mortifying. Ultimately, Agatha was thankful. For the first time in years, things felt hopeful. This hope was the only thing keeping up her resolve. Once she got through tonight she would gain some confidence in herself. What would the future look like? Questions like these, granted they didn't take a wrong turn, kept her mind occupied. It would be nice to have a friend again. It would be nice to have her own place. Today had only been her second day of work at the diner but as far as she could tell it was going well. There was a comfort going back to a waitressing job that was unexpected. A time ago she was so thrilled to be rid of the grease and the people. Whether it was a desperate need for adult interaction or a break from being alone with her mind, it worked for her right now. She didn't care if Grace's cleaning job paid more. It was worth her independence and her sanity to work through the hangovers. Hopefully, this morning's hangover had been her last one. Grace's visit the next day came after dark much to Agatha's relief. All evening she struggled with boredom. Usually, this was prime time to sink in a few bottles. \"I brought you some books,\" Grace said after exchanging hellos. \"I know there's not much to do around here.\" \"You read my mind,\" Agatha said. \"Well, sorta. I can't remember the last time I actually read anything.\" \"No better time to acquire the habit again. I also brought you a diary.\" \"What for?\" \"To write in,\" Grace answered matter-of-factly. \"I thought it might help if you're struggling. How are you doing, by the way?\" \"I've been better,\" Agatha shrugged. \"I've also been worse.\" \"I'm sorry to stop in so late,\" Grace said as she sat down. \"I was taking Annie and her friends shopping.\" Sitting across from her, Agatha asked, \"They're still there?\" \"Yes. Oliver is in the process of finding homes from them all. I believe he's just about through. The girls will be meeting their prospective parents tomorrow at Annie's party.\" \"Annie's havin' a party? It's not her birthday.\" \"To celebrate her adoption. It's been finalized and Oliver thought it would be a good idea to throw a celebration on the Fourth of July.\" \"Oh,\" Agatha said with no particular emotion. \"Sounds fun.\" \"Is something the matter?\" Grace asked. \"Nope.\" \"I have trouble believing that.\" Giving in, Agatha sighed. \"It's weird to think of those kids attending a big fancy mansion party.\" \"Why is it weird?\" \"Because I saw them one way for so long. And these past couple days I've felt… I guess I've been feeling guilty for what I did to them.\" \"While I agree you should be remorseful, you also can't dwell on it. They've put it behind them, can't you as well?\" \"I dunno. It scares me to think I was capable of hurting them the way I did. I'm my father. I grew up in a household where if you were stupid enough to be seen you got what you deserve. I hadn't thought of it then, but now I realize I created the same environment for all of them. I promised myself when I was a child I would never treat my own kids that way. I know they weren't my children but doesn't that make it worse?\" \"What's done is done.\" \"I fear whatever karma will come my way.\" \"Look, Agatha, are you sorry?\" \"Yeah.\" \"Are you trying to turn your life around?\" \"I hope.\" \"That's all that matters at this moment. Now tell me, did you have a drink yesterday or today?\" \"No.\" \"Good!\" Grace smiled. \"See? You're going to be okay.\" \"Grace,\" Agatha said as she stood to put the books in her hands away, \"one night isn't going to define the rest of my life. Yeah, I got through last night and today. But what about after you leave? What about tomorrow?\" \"If you worry about tomorrow you'll just stress yourself so much that it makes it that much harder to turn down a drink.\" \"I'm trying to get another shift at the diner doing anything but so far no luck. I'm too new and they're tight on funds as it is.\" \"There are other things to keep busy with. See a movie or a show. Talk a walk. Anything.\" \"You're forgetting this little thing called money. I don't get paid until next week and I spent most of my tips today on some groceries.\" \"Groceries? What happened to room service?\" \"They have hours and I needed something to snack on.\" \"Well… I can't say for sure yet, but maybe, if you wanted…\" \"… Yeah?\" \"I can see if I can add you to the guest list tomorrow night.\" Agatha laughed. \"Are you serious? No one is gonna want me there. You'll send those rats to their graves. The fact that you will have to check says enough.\" \"Come on, Agatha. This could be a good thing. It would give you a chance to apologize to the children. That's got to provide you with some kind of closure, right?\" \"I don't need closure, I need to forget and move on.\" \"That's not healthy.\" \"Grace, look at me. My concern is whether or not something is healthy?\" \"What's the harm in trying? If you're uncomfortable you can leave. There are going to be so many people there, no one is going to notice if you slip out.\" While Agatha did like the idea of being in a different environment where she could keep busy, there was also so much at stake. She wouldn't say it aloud to Grace but she was ashamed. The kids sounded to be so much better off now. She didn't want to be the butt of their ridicule. They could be vicious now that they were safe. \"I appreciate the thought. I do,\" Agatha said. \"But I have to say no. It'll be too much.\" Grace nodded understandingly. \"It's your choice. I don't want to force you into it. But would you mind if I asked Oliver anyways? Just so you have the option should you change your mind.\" \"He's not still mad at me?\" \"He didn't press charges, did he?\" \"That's different from being mad. For all I know he has his goons coming after me.\" \"He doesn't have any goons. Like I said yesterday, Oliver is really a good man. I've told him all about you and he doesn't seem to hold any ill feelings against you anymore. I'd say he would be more cautious than anything.\" \"Well… I suppose there's no harm in asking then. But don't get your hopes up.\" \"I won't.\" \"Hey…\" Agatha started in a different tone, going back over to the sitting area and retaking her seat. \"Now that you don't want to scratch my eyes out anymore — at least I hope not — can ya tell me what's goin' on between you two?\" Shifting awkwardly in her seat, Grace replied, \"What's there to tell?\" A sly grin appearing on her face, Agatha said, \"Ah, come on. There's something. I know it. You caught yourself yesterday using his first name and today you've used nothing else when talkin' about him.\" \"It's a bit awkward seeing as you came on to him.\" \"I di- oh. You mean when he came to the orphanage?\" \"Yes.\" \"He told you?\" \"Yes, he did.\" \"Come one, Grace. You have to know I didn't mean anything. Not genuinely. It's his money I'm after, not him.\" \"You're still after it?\" \"Not his in particular. Even if you didn't have the hots for him I think my chances now are pretty slim.\" \"That is not the way I would describe my feelings for him.\" Agatha laughed, \"You're still naive.\" Grace sighed. \"If you must know, I care for him very much. He and I have grown rather close since Annie's arrival.\" \"Close friends or… close .\" Grace rolled her eyes. \"Somewhere in between.\" \"Oh?\" \"No offense, Agatha, but I don't really feel comfortable talking about this. The short version is yes, Oliver and I are an item. We aren't talking about it just yet. Things are crazy back at the house and we don't want to add any more drama.\" \"Who am I gonna tell?\" \"My point is that it's a new relationship. It's been a long time since I've been involved with anyone so I'm still trying to make sense of it all.\" \"In a way, it makes sense, a boss and secretary. Not so much for you, though.\" \"I beg your pardon?\" \"You don't seem to be the scandalous type.\" \"It's not like that at all. This isn't — and hasn't been — a crazy affair. We really do care about each other.\" \"I see.\" \"I suppose not many people will believe that,\" Grace admitted, \"but that's their problem. Oliver and I know the truth and that's all that matters.\" \"I didn't say I don't believe you.\" \"No, but you're still questioning it. I can tell.\" \"The timing seems strange, Agatha said, \"that's all.\" \"Annie played matchmaker.\" \"Ah.\" \"Maybe I'll talk more about it later on. Don't misunderstand me. I'm glad things have been getting better between us. I'm just not ready for such personal conversations yet.\" \"Yeah, okay. That's fair enough.\" \"Thanks.\" \"Well…\" Agatha said uncomfortably. \"I guess you've got a busy day tomorrow. You don't have to hang around. I think I might take a crack at one of those books tonight.\" \"Sounds good,\" Grace said as she stood. \"Thanks for coming by.\" \"And please, think about the party. I'll call you tonight or tomorrow if Oliver says it's okay.\" \"I'll think about it. Again, don't expect my answer to change.\" Grace nodded.[Chapter 35] \"Oliver… can I ask you something?\" \"Absolutely,\" he smiled, taking Grace's hand, glad to be done with work for the day. \"What would you say to… my inviting Agatha to the party tomorrow?\" Surprised by the question, he leaned back against the wall. \"You want her to come to the party?\" \"Yes.\" \"Why on earth?\" \"Remember how I told you the other day how she and I had a really good talk?\" \"Grace, a good talk doesn't merit anything rash. What about the girls? They aren't going to want her around.\" \"I'm going to talk to them tomorrow morning. I wanted to talk to you first. If it really makes you uncomfortable I, of course, won't go against your word, but I do hope you'll consider it. I know it's hard to believe but she really is sorry. I believe her. And besides, it's more just to give her the option of coming. She wasn't thrilled with the idea, either.\" \"Hmm, she's wiser than I gave her credit for.\" \"Come on, Oliver. Please be serious. It would mean a lot to me.\" Letting go of her hands, Oliver said, \"I don't want to start anything, Grace, however, I feel as though I must speak up. Think about what you're asking from me. I understand you and she were friends way back when, but I wasn't. To me, she is still that terrible woman from the orphanage who signed my now daughter's adoption papers whilst sitting in a bathtub full of gin. I don't want her celebrating the adoption with us. It will be our first public appearance as a family. I can't afford for anything to go wrong.\" \"Nothing will go wrong, I promise.\" \"How can you promise something you can't control? I'll believe you when you say she is capable of change but not this soon. That kind of thing is going to take time. Two days sober isn't going to change a personality trait she's had for heaven knows how long.\" \"What if she comes here early, or you come with me to visit her. We can go see her at work over lunch tomorrow. The girls will all be busy here getting ready for the party. We're really not going to get a lot of work done seeing as the President and the First Lady are arriving at two. It's perfect timing. You can see for yourself.\" \"I don't want to waste my only calm moment tomorrow seeing her. You seem to be forgetting that I haven't been crazy about this arrangement to begin with. I gave in because I knew it meant a great deal to you. Now I'm asking for something in return. Look, I haven't said as much but I'm nervous about tomorrow. Seeing those papers… it made everything official. I'm a father now. I'm responsible for everything that happens to Annie for the rest of her life. I'm not worried about the finances of it all. It's the emotional part that terrifies me. I've never been good at it.\" \"You've been good with the emotional parts around me.\" \"That's different. You're not a child and our relationship is different. I can kiss you and say gushy nonsense. I can distance myself in that way if I start to panic. With a child… everything is at stake. Whatever you say can have a lifelong effect on them.\" \"Why haven't you brought this up before?\" \"I didn't want to spoil anything.\" \"It's not spoiling anything. You shouldn't hold these thoughts in.\" \"It's what I do. I'll get over it eventually. I know it's cold feet.\" Retaking his hands, Grace tugged on him to pull him close to her. \"Oliver Warbucks, there is no doubt in my mind that you are going to be an amazing father. You won't be perfect and certainly not right away. No parent is. Having a child is a constant lesson. You learn as you go along. Seeing as Annie is here later in her life, there are a lot of things that will have to be learned in hindsight. You aren't going to be doing this alone. I'm here for you and there is no doubt in my mind that Annie understands. She's gone her whole life without a parent. Now she has an entire household of people who love her. Doesn't that give you any consolation?\" \"Not really,\" Oliver shrugged. \"I don't know what else to say to make you believe what I see. If anything, I'll bet by tomorrow night you'll be thinking all this worrying was silly.\" \"Probably, but it doesn't get me through this moment.\" \"Then I really don't know what else to say.\" \"Say you won't invite Agatha to the party.\" \"How is this related to your nerves around adopting Annie?\" \"Because that woman put Annie through so much unnecessary pain. Annie might forgive her for that and bless her for it, but I'm not ready to do so. I don't think I ever will be. I haven't asked of much from you in these matters, Grace. Please, don't argue the point anymore.\" Unable to hide the disappointment that crossed her face, Grace nodded. \"Okay. If it really means this much to you I won't invite her.\" Cautiously moving to hug her, he whispered, \"Thank you…\" Grace paced her room for a little while, unsure if she should call Agatha at this late hour or if she should wait until morning. The problem with waiting until morning was that it meant having to tell Oliver where she was going. It was too early in their relationship for him to start not being able to trust her. Previous encounters with Agatha already made this a touchy subject. Despite her disappointment, she had to be appreciative that Oliver respected her enough to ask her for this. It'd been a struggle not to persist but she knew she couldn't be the only one calling the shots. Agatha made mention that similar self-centered patterns had hurt her. She wasn't willing to make that mistake again, not with Oliver. He meant too much. She only hoped this wouldn't put a strain on progressions with Agatha. They already left off tonight on an awkward note. Thinking more about this, she decided to call and get it over with. At least she wouldn't have to see her face. Picking up the private line in her room, Grace connected to Agatha's room, glad to hear that she was still wide awake.\" \"Grace?\" \"How did you know it was me?\" \"Who else would be calling?\" Agatha replied. \"I just… wanted to let you know that Oliver doesn't think it's a good idea… you know, having you come tomorrow.\" \"Imagine my surprise.\" \"I'm so sorry. I really thought he'd be okay with it. I guess he's more upset with you than I realized.\" \"I thought he would be.\" \"There's not enough time before the party to try talking to him. I will do my best for him to change his outlook.\" \"Look, I appreciate the thought, Grace, but you have to face the fact. I ain't welcome in that home. I never will be. If we're able to be friends again it's not gonna be just as before. You said so yourself. Too much happened. Even you haven't forgiven me and I know you will never forget.\" \"I do forgive you.\" \"You might in the front of your mind. In the back, you never can. You'll always know that I was responsible for what happened to Annie.\" \"I know it was Rooster's idea.\" \"Yeah, it was his idea. But who gave him the information he needed to get to her?\" \"You said yourself he would have walked away with that money one way or another.\" \"My point is that he didn't do it his own way. He had my help. A part of you is always going to keep back from me.\" \"… Well,\" Grace muttered, her mind spinning, \"even if that is true, what can anyone do about it? It happened. I have more understanding for your reasons. Yeah, I guess I am still mad about it, but not as much as you seem to be thinking. I wouldn't be talking to you if I didn't want to.\" \"Listen, I'm not trying to start anything. I don't know what I'm saying anymore other than I'm not surprised that other's feel what they feel about me.\" \"Oliver is stubborn, that's all. I told him you're trying to change.\" \"I don't know him at all but I know enough about life that he couldn't have gotten to be on top of the world living by forgiving and forget.\" Put this way, Grace could see the logic in her words. Still, part of her didn't want to admit to this. \"Maybe he'll still come around. You never know. Maybe when more time has passed he'll be able to see you've been working hard at a change.\" \"I guess…\" \"What is it?\" \"Realize that it's awkward for me, too. I acted like a fool around him and I'm sure that's why he doesn't want me around. I think he did some sort of check on me because he knew all this stuff even you and Annie couldn't have known. It scared me. Lord knows what other information he got. I'm not proud of a lot of my actions and it's weird to know a complete strange has a list of them all. Even without that it's uncomfortable. It's like look at the poor sap, ain't she doing better? Good. She has some willpower after all. What a shame she wasted all those years in the gutters.\" Beyond shocked, Grace said, \"Agatha, I… Did he really?\" \"I'm guessing so because he knew a lot.\" \"I had nothing to do with it, I swear.\" \"I didn't think you did.\" \"I'm sorry, I didn't realize.\" \"It's fine, but in the future could you please not invite me to any more mansion events? I'm not going to go. I can't handle it.\" \"Yes… yes, that's fine.\" \"I think I'm going to try and get some sleep now. I'm working the five AM shift tomorrow. I'm not used to waking up that early so wish me luck.\" \"Good luck… and again, I'm sorry.\" \"I'll talk to you later.\" Grace hung up the phone, feeling like a complete fool. \"Oliver… are you awake?\" Grace knocked lightly on the door, praying the answer would be yes. What she had to say needed to be said now or else she would lose her nerve or convince herself what he had done was okay. To her dismay, there wasn't so much as a stir on the other side of the door. Barely taking a second to consider her action, Grace carefully opened the door and peeked inside. She couldn't remember a time she'd been inside Oliver's room. The closest she ever got was standing outside his door whenever she was taking a diction for him on the move. His room was large and definitely a suit. Hers technically was as well, though, she never considered it to be the way she had it set up. She had to walk in a bit a way before finding his bed where, of course, he was sound asleep. This was the first moment she stopped to think that maybe waking him wasn't a good idea. He seemed upset with her after her earlier request and she could tell he was struggling not to show it. And then again, she remembered why she was here. Because he'd completely violated Agatha's privacy. \"Oliver…?\" She said his name a couple times without getting a response. On the fourth or fifth time, she reached out to lightly shake his shoulder. \"Grace?\" he said with a scratchy voice. \"What are you doing in here?\" \"I need to talk to you.\" \"What time is it?\" \"I-I don't know. I haven't been paying attention to the clock.\" \"If you don't mind, can this wait until tomorrow? We've had late nights almost every day this week. We're going to have another one tomorrow. I'm tired.\" \"If I don't talk to you now I never will. You can yell at me if you want, but I need you to answer me something.\" With a grumble, he sat up knowing she was going to press her case until he gave in. Throwing the covers off and sleepily moving his feet to the floor, he asked, \"What is it?\" Taking a deep breath, Grace readied herself for whatever his answer and/or reaction might be. \"Did you hire a detective to spy on Agatha?\" \"Excuse me?\" \"Did you hire a detective to find things out about Agatha?\" \"Yeah, a while ago,\" he answered as he fetched his robe. \"Why?\" \"So, you admit it.\" \"Yeah? Why wouldn't I?\" \"How could you!\" Getting this drift this was to be a drawn-out discussion, he moved to the door with the intention of getting a cup of tea. \"Calm down, Grace. I hired him before I knew you two were friends.\" Gesturing for her to step in from of him, he finished, \"After all the things Annie said I had my buddy do a check on her. It wasn't a secret. I thought you knew.\" Not moving from her spot, she replied, \"If I did it didn't register. You freaked out Agatha. You don't hire a detective just so you can point out to people all the things they've done wrong.\" Squinting his eyes, trying to make sense of all this through his sleepiness, Oliver asked, \"What on earth are you talking about?\" Grace brought her nails to her teeth, an old nervous habit she'd picked up again in recent days. \"I was on the phone with Agatha, telling her not to come to the party tomorrow. From there we got to talking and she said she could never come even with an invitation because you knew all these things about her.\" \"Like I said earlier,\" he said as he shut the door. \"I'm trying to be supportive and give you the freedom to work things out with her despite my resentment towards her and the whole idea of you being chums with her, but you need to start facing the reality of it all. In the process of bettering herself or not, she is a very sick woman. You should hear the things in her file. I guarantee you'd feel the same way as I do about her if you read them.\" \"I refuse to read them. It's none of my business knowing what she's done unless she chooses to tell me.\" \"I'm not forcing you to read them.\" \"What were you planning to do with that information?\" \"I was planning on using it as evidence to get her fired. She abused and neglected those children. You seem to be forgetting this. I needed evidence for a case. I couldn't go up to The Board of Orphans and say that one of the kids told me some stories about this woman and call it fact. I needed to know for sure. So I got the information I needed. I never expected all that happened to happen, though. All I care about is that she's out of that job and she is.\" Grace shook her head. \"I don't believe this.\" \"I'm not going to lie to you and say I didn't find out anything. Give me credit for admitting it.\" \"It's not what you know, it's the fact you're using it to judge her entire life before and after. I'm telling you she's working hard on herself.\" \"While I can believe that's her intention and maybe she's done a good job of it for now, people don't have a complete attitude adjustment in a matter of days.\" \"That's the thing. I believe it's something she's wanted for herself for a long time. Being in the orphanage wasn't good for her. Without that stress, she feels more relaxed. She seems to like her new job. She can do it, I know she can.\" \"Whether or not she does or doesn't I'm going to need more time before I can accept her. If I didn't know how much she meant to you I would insist you stop seeing her. It drives me mad thinking that she might be brainwashing you. It already seems like she has wiped your memory of all the horror she caused all three of us.\" \"She didn't. It's called forgiveness. As a matter of fact, she even said to me today that she knew a part of me would always be angry with her. I can admit that's true. I still see Annie at the top of that bridge whenever I close my eyes. But I can't walk around angry all the time. It's not healthy.\" \"I'm not suggesting you do. I'm saying you can't forget how people have hurt you and set yourself up for that hurt again. Will she ever come after Annie again? I doubt it, but there are more important things you should be focusing on right now.\" \"Such as?\" \"Annie for starters. You should have seen how upset she looked when I told her you wouldn't be making it to the movies with us. We don't have a lot of free time and the minute you have a moment you've rushed out of the house for hours at a time. Annie misses you. What happened to what you said about taking care of her when you asked me to keep her?\" \"Don't you dare imply that I'm neglecting her.\" \"That's not the word I would use. It's more like you're putting her second. And what about us?\" \"We've been spending time together.\" \"Yeah, but we haven't been on a proper date. I would have loved to have taken you to dinner one of these evenings. It feels like rekindling your friendship with Miss Hannigan is more important than the start of our family.\" \"Family?\" \"That's what we are, aren't we?\" Looking down at her feet, Grace said, \"You and Annie are family.\" \"Maybe it's not in writing yet but she and I think of you as so.\" \"You do?\" \"Of course.\" \"Oh… I don't know what to think. Why can't all of you be important to me?\" \"Come here,\" Oliver said, holding out his hand. Carefully, Grace walked over. When her fingers touched his, he led her over to the large armchair by the fireplace. Sitting down first, he then pulled her onto his lap. \"I'm not saying you have to kick Agatha to the curb. Yes, I admit your friendship with her leaves me unsettled, especially given how fast you're trusting her again after having gone your separate ways ten years ago and everything leading up to now. However, most of me does trust that you aren't like her. I just wish you weren't making her your top priority. I suppose that's why I got frustrated earlier when you were asking if she could come to the party. I really am frightened by the fact I'm considered a father now. I'm not used to that feeling anymore. I've been counting on you to help me through it. You know that first night we took Annie to the movies? You helped me and showed me how to get her into bed. I would never have known how to do that without you. I guess I'm okay with any of the fun stuff like movies and ice cream but nothing about actually caring for her. I'm afraid I'm going to screw her up.\" Placing a hand on his cheek, Grace said, \"There's nothing you can do to make her life worse than it already has been.\" \"And that's what's confusing me about you. On one hand, you know this, on the other you're forgetting who did this to her.\" Squeezing his hands, Grace forced herself to admit, \"I know what she did. I haven't forgotten. But I also haven't forgotten what good friends we were. I love you, Oliver, but what I have with you is very different than just being friends. Even before we became romantically involved. I wouldn't trade it for anything but it's been a long time since I've had a real friend outside the house. Plus, it's also been a long time since I've seen anyone from my past. My life and my heart are here one hundred percent, it's just that sometimes it's nice to go back. Was my time with Agatha the best time of my life? I can't say it was, but it wasn't a bad time. If I can go back to even a fraction of how it was… I don't know. It's felt kind of good. I didn't mean to disregard you and especially not Annie. I guess there's just not enough hours in the day. I promise I will first and foremost be here for you both.\" \"You love me?\" \"…What?\" \"You said you love me?\" Unconsciously halting her breaths, Grace replayed all that was said in her mind. When she realized she'd let those words slip, she brought her hands to her mouth. \"Oh no.\" Oliver smiled, reaching to pull her arm away from her face. \"Grace…\" \"I know it's soon. I didn't mean to say it. I'm sorry. Please, there's no pressure. I won't be offended. I know this is new. I wasn't thinking. It's late. I should leave.\" Securing his arm around her waist, he made sure she didn't stand. \"Grace.\" Meeting his eye only halfway, she replied, \"Yes?\" He then brought his hand to her cheek, using his thumb to turn her chin and pull her in close. He kissed her softly before saying, \"I love you, too.\" \"You do?\" \"Of course I do.\" With a happy and emotional sigh of relief, she flung her arms around him.[Chapter 36] \"Here's your pay, Agatha. I have to say I was skeptical taking you on. Glad to say I'm pleasantly surprised.\" \"Thank you,\" Agatha said with a genuine smile as opposed to the once forced with the customers. Andy, her boss, handed her a small envelope with cash. Working under the table wasn't ideal, but it was a job in a fairly decent place. The cleanest? No. Friendliest? Enough. It'd been a good week. Better than any she'd had in a long time. Withdrawals aside, nothing horrendous took place. She wasn't angry with Grace about the part, something that somewhat surprised her. That and the fact she hadn't seen or heard from her since their telephone call a few nights back. At first, there were feelings of resentment. It was happening all over again. She was more interested in her life away. Then she started to think, catching herself in this thought pattern that hadn't done her any good at all. Even if Grace did drift away, life wasn't too bad. Plus, being on better terms meant a door was open. It wouldn't be the exact same way it was before. Her energy was better spent on new people or at least a new environment. \"It won't be right away, but if you're planin' on stickin' around for a little while, I might be able to promise you some more hours in the future.\" \"That would be great,\" Agatha said as she tucked the envelope \"Don't get your hopes up just yet, though. If I need more help it'll be around Christmas. Haven't been able to predict the crowds much the past few years. People still seem to have some money to travel and see their families somehow. Good thing, too. Could be why I'm still in business.\" \"Yeah, whatever works, huh?\" \"Been close to shutin' down a few times. My wife went and found herself a laundry job and that's how we made it.\" By now, Agatha knew Andy was one to chat, but she was eager to go spend some of the money in her pocket. New clothes were a must. Not having a drink constantly under her nose brought to her attention the fact all of her dresses had the same stale smell that apparently no amount of washing was going to get rid of. It made her realize why that Mr. Bundles always looked so terrified of her. The stores wouldn't be open much longer today. \"That's good,\" she replied. At the same time, she couldn't deny herself a proper conversation after sitting in the dead quiet of her hotel room evening after evening. Andy chatted on for a little while longer. Agatha listened for the most part but was pleased when she was finally able to leave. Checking her watch, she noticed she had about a half an hour before the shops closed. However, her plans changed as soon as she set foot outside the door. \"Agatha!\" Looking up, Grace saw Grace rushing towards her. \"Oh, hey, Grace. What are you doing here?\" \"I stopped by the hotel but you weren't there. I figured you were at work.\" \"Yep, just got off.\" \"How was your day?\" Agatha shrugged. \"Can't complain.\" \"Are you heading back to your room?\" \"Actually,\" Agatha said as she glanced at her watch again, \"I was just about to run and see about getting a couple new dresses. Don't think I'm being irresponsible, it's just that I was just paid and I-\" \"You don't have to explain,\" Grace said, holding up a hand. \"Those clothes are practically falling off of you.\" \"Do you want to come? I mean, it won't be all that much fun given the hour but beats sitting in a stuffy hotel room.\" \"Sure, but I'll have to head home after that.\" As the two started walking, Grace continued. \"I really came by to apologize again for everything that happened. You know, the party.\" \"Don't mention it. It's not an issue.\" \"Are you sure?\" \"Positive. It all worked out how it was supposed to. From the article I read in the paper, it seemed to be a hit.\" \"Yes,\" Grace nodded. \"It went very well, thank you.\" \"And you and Warbucks decided to go public?\" With a slight tint appearing on her cheeks, Grace replied, \"Not officially, but I suppose so. It's not a secret, it's just not something we're shouting from the rooftops.\" \"Well, in any case, you look good together.\" \"You mean it?\" Grace asked with a small smile. \"Sure.\" \"… He's really wonderful.\" \"I wouldn't know.\" \"Is something wrong?\" Grace asked in response to Agatha's tone. \"No, I just thought you didn't want to talk about it.\" \"I do and don't I suppose. It's so new and different.\" \"Different I get, but new? You've been in relationships before.\" \"Yeah, but not like this. There's so much passion — and before you ask, no, not that kind of passion.\" \"Funny how you still know me,\" Agatha joked. Rolling her eyes, Grace continued, \"I didn't think I was in for any of that, especially not at my age.\" \"Ya know, I can't see Warbucks as a serious lover. He seems too… I dunno the word. Polished?\" Grace chuckled. \"I don't think I'd use the word polished to describe him any time.\" \"You know what I mean.\" \"He's very different in private than he is to the public. There are so many rumors about how he mistreats his staff and how he fires people on a daily basis…\" \"They aren't true?\" \"Hardly. He hires a lot of temps. Unless they're slowing things down or in general a bad employee he hardly ever fires anybody. He has the most loyal staff you could ever imagine.\" \"Makes sense,\" Agatha said. \"You're still there after all this time.\" \"And many people have been there longer.\" \"Funny how these things get around.\" \"I'll tell you… it's amazing how far out of their way people go to make a good person look bad. Oliver says that's when you know you're doing your job right.\" \"Makes sense, but even you have to admit it isn't hard sometimes.\" \"He's under a lot of pressure. I must say, though, since Annie's first couple of days I haven't seen him really lose his temper. I almost feel like I'm waiting for something to set him off.\" \"Probably'll happen.\" Grace sighed, nodding in agreement. \"I know.\" Conversation lulled as they arrived at the store Agatha had been leading them to. As Grace was about to bring up the [a] conversation she'd had with Oliver a few nights back, she looked at the marquee and couldn't help but ask, \"Is this where you want to get your dress from?\" \"Sure… why?\" With a shrug, Grace answered, \"Their patterns are pretty bold, don't you think?\" Agatha raised her eyes as she took a step back, gesturing to her attire. \"Have you taken a good look at me? This is what I can afford. Anyway, what's wrong with wanting to stand out a little? In case you haven't noticed, I didn't fill out as nicely as you.\" \"I'm not saying you need to wear what I wear, I just think you should be finding something suitable for work. I can see you're not required to wear a uniform.\" \"Yeah, it's gotta be for work but there's no rule about the pattern, only the cut.\" \"Forget I said anything. I don't want to intrude.\" It took everything inside of her not to say something back. Somehow resisting her natural responses, she simply gave a nod of her head before going inside. . . . They went their separate ways after shopping. Agatha was glad to have had a normal moment out. It'd been a long time. Anyone on the streets saw her and didn't see a desperate woman sneaking around. They saw some person out for a walk and doing some shopping with a friend. It felt good. She made some honest money, paid for a couple dresses with it, and now was on her way home to have a decent supper. So much could still happen ahead but it didn't change the fact that she was proud of herself. She couldn't remember the last time she had a moment like this. They didn't come often. Her mood continued to grow brighter as she tried on her new clothes. They looked and smelled so fresh. The colors weren't as vibrant as she would have liked, however, they would do. Plus, they were suitable for work. It'd be nice to stop getting fringe and ruffles caught on counters and tables. All in all, today was good. Today made any moment of temptation worth fighting. Had anyone told her a month ago she'd be where she was now she would have laughed in their face. The rate at which this all took place did concern her, however. Yes, all was fine now aside from long nights with cravings and lack of sleep. But other than the knowledge she could have a drink if she really wanted to, she did what she wanted to avoid in the first place which was quitting cold turkey. Opening the bottle to take a whiff of the scent must have been doing wonders after all… she hoped. Grace took her time going to find Oliver once she was home. Instead, she went to find Annie. It was amazing how empty and quiet the house had become now that the other girls had all been adopted. Annie missed them all terribly. But Grace silently admitted she was glad everyone was getting settled in for good now. It made spending time with Annie much easier. Not that she didn't love the other children, but she knew they weren't hers to get attached to. She'd been lucky getting Oliver to agree to one child. Six more most definitely would have been pushing. She felt bad for not telling Agatha that she wasn't going to be around so much for a little while. She seemed to be in such a good place. The last thing she wanted to do was start an argument. She knew it was a strange topic to bring up, but Oliver had taken a risk voicing his needs. Both of them were important to her, but Oliver was the one who'd been there for the last ten years. Not to mention the fact that, from the way things have been going, her name would be placed on the adoption Annie's adoption papers soon enough. Oliver was absolutely right. This time was family time. He was new to this and wanted her help. Quite frankly, this was what she wanted most of all. A family. An actual family. After giving up hope she finally had one.[Chapter 37] As much as Grace loved spending time with Oliver (and working with him had been a much more pleasant experience as of late), she was glad when he finally had a day of meetings around the city. The morning of she rushed through most of her work and headed over to the diner at lunchtime. She'd even arranged for a couple of Annie's friends to come over to keep her occupied for the afternoon. Agatha was happy when she saw Grace walk through the door. It'd been over a week since she last heard from her. A few nights back she'd almost called out of curiosity but ultimately thought better of it. If it was something bad she didn't want to know. \"Have a seat, Grace,\" Agatha said in a cheery tone after exchanging an awkward hello hug. \"What'll ya have?\" \"Oh, any kind of sandwich would be great. I've been wanting to stop by and try the food here. I'm glad I caught you while you are working.\" Agatha shouted her order back to the kitchen before she half-joked, \"Thought you'd forgotten about me.\" \"Of course I didn't. Things have been busy. Actually, that's partly what I want to talk to you about. What time do you get off? I figured I'd eat lunch and then do some errands until you're through.\" \"Not until five, I'm afraid. Unless I can get out of clean up early.\" \"Oh no, I wouldn't want you to do that. That's perfectly fine. I expected as much. I have plenty I can do around town for the time being.\" \"Are you sure?\" Agatha asked \"Positive.\" . . . Time passed rather swiftly despite the fact Grace's errands took her less than an hour to complete. With a few hours to spare, she hailed a cab and did some shopping of her own. It occurred to her that aside from a handful of dresses, her everyday clothes consisted of business suits and nothing more. Oliver made frequent compliments whenever she wore her sundresses. With autumn right around the corner, she wanted to get ahead of the game and prepare her wardrobe for the cooler weather. When 4:30 rolled around, Grace headed back toward the diner figuring if it was closed she could just wait around there while they locked up. This gave her the chance to meet Agatha's boss which gave her some comfort. She was worried Agatha had gotten into another bad situation. The place was all around pleasant despite its shabby appearance. It had been amusing to see the other customer's faces when she walked in. It made her realize the power of perspective. She thought with Agatha's choice in fabrics and styles she was settling for less, but standing next to everyone else in her tailored clothes, it reminded her just how bad things had become for most people. Hungry once again, Grace offered to take Agatha out for an early dinner. Agatha agreed, though found herself mystified by how natural their recent association felt. It was almost as though everything that happened never took place… almost. \"So, what did you wanna talk to me about?\" Agatha asked before taking a sip of water.\" \"Oh…\" Grace said nervously. \"It can wait until after we eat.\" \"Why? Is something wrong?\" \"No, no. Nothing's wrong.\" \"Then why can't you tell me now? We ain't talkin' about anything else.\" \"It's not bad, but it's not exactly a fun topic.\" \"Fun? Grace, I hate to break it to you, but other than things we did ten years ago, you and I have nothing in common.\" \"I never thought of it that way.\" \"Would you please just tell me?\" Grace nodded. \"I'm sorry for not stopping by more.\" \"That's it?\" \"No, there's more to it.\" \"Then get on with it,\" Agatha said along with a hand gesture. \"Oliver pointed out to me how little time I was spending with him and Annie. I know that sounds strange seeing as I work at home and I'm there more time than not, but it's a different kind of time. I missed a lot of things with Annie and her friends and both she and Oliver were disappointed with me.\" \"And?\" \"And what?\" \"I thought there was more.\" Grace shook her head, slightly confused. \"No, not really.\" \"I'm not expecting you to spend all your time with me. I like the company, but to tell you the truth, that's what I was most afraid of when this whole mess started.\" \"You were afraid I was going to come over all the time?\" \"Well yeah, like a babysitter. You even said…? Well, never mind that part. It was a stupid fight. Believe it or not, I've been doing okay on my own.\" \"Have you really?\" Grace asked. \"Yeah. I'm pretty shocked, actually. Kinda waiting to see how long it'll last.\" \"Don't think like that.\" Agatha shrugged. \"Gotta be realistic.\" \"Realistic doesn't have to mean pessimistic.\" \"Let's not start, okay? My point is that I'm good right now.\" \"I'm certainly glad to hear it. I do want to keep in touch, though. I've missed you.\" \"I've missed you, too. I guess I didn't want to admit it.\" \"I don't think I did either.\" Not used to these kinds of conversations, Agatha cleared her throat before attempting to change the subject. \"So… how are you and the billionaire doing?\" \"Really well,\" she gave a shy smile. \"You think it's going somewhere?\" \"I do.\" \"I thought he was a confirmed bachelor.\" \"So did I. Goodness, I am so glad I was wrong.\" \"Maybe this is a dumb question seeing as I just said me and you don't have any common ground, but what do you two find to talk about outside of work?\" \"Lately it's been getting settled in with Annie and getting to know each other in a different light. I haven't thought much about it.\" \"Warbucks with a kid… shocked us all. What gave him the idea to take one in in the first place?\" \"I suggested it. He's been, or was, getting a lot of negative press so I suggested a charitable gesture. When he asked what kind of gesture, bringing an orphan in was the first thing that came to my mind. I don't know why. It seemed unique. He wasn't too keen on the idea but agreed for the sake of brevity. Thinking back, I don't think he expected me to go through with it.\" \"Must've been a surprise to him,\" Agatha said. Grace nodded, adding, \"Especially when he realized I'd brought home a girl. He never specified what gender word for word. It was more implied. So it wasn't at the front of my mind to specify to The Board of Orphans. When they assumed I was looking for a girl, I wasn't quick to correct them.\" \"But why?\" \"I suppose because I knew most of the responsibility would fall on me. I don't have much experience with boys.\" Agatha chuckled. \"Imagine if you had chosen a boy. We wouldn't be sitting here that's for damn sure.\" \"Things always work out,\" Grace smiled. \"Boy, I'll never forget the shock I felt when I realized who you were at the door.\" \"Likewise.\" \"… Any regrets?\" \"Naturally some given the craziness around it. But I suppose if it all needed to happen for a greater good…\" \"I'm… I'm sorry I gave you such a hard time in the beginning.\" \"I'm starting to realize it wasn't so much you as it was the alcohol,\" Grace said. \"Some of it was still me,\" Agatha admitted. \"I was angry. Not just at you but everything.\" \"I know.\" \"You're not mad at me for that?\" Grace chuckled. \"I can't be mad at you for being mad. And given everything, I'm so proud of you.\" \"Thanks.\" \"I don't know a lot about any kind of addiction but I can imagine it wasn't an easy task to wrap your mind around.\" \"It wasn't. And it isn't.\" \"There's something I've been wondering…\" Grace's tone suddenly changed. \"What is it?\" \"The timing of your decision… it was right about when I was telling you about the car accident.\" \"Yeah?\" \"It seemed like that influenced your decision in a way. I was surprised you even remembered them, you know, as it had taken you a moment to recognize me.\" \"I can't remember their faces but I remember them around that one year.\" \"Anyway, it's confusing me. Was it them that influenced your decision, or was it the nature of the conversation?\" \"I'm not sure,\" Agatha answered. \"I guess more the nature. And guilt, probably.\" \"Guilt? What happened to them wasn't your fault.\" \"Oh, I know. I mean I was feeling guilty because I kept sayin' to you that you didn't know any real kind of pain.\" \"Oh, I see.' \"I am sorry for that. You might have a point saying things feel different for everyone. While I don't think I'd be devastated right now if I heard Rooster's jail cell went up in flames and I didn't grieve much more than my freedom when my parents went, I remember enough that family means everything to you. I don't know why but I kinda flashed on how that must've been to see. I can't really explain it. Somethin' in the eyes, I guess.\" Grace nodded, looking down at her napkin. \"It wasn't a great time in my life.\" \"I didn't think it was.\" \"I've been thinking about them a lot since then. I feel I should try to get in touch with Leia… you know, tell her all that's happened.\" \"Go for it,\" Agatha said, beginning to wish the heavy topic hadn't been brought up. \"I can't help but wonder how she'll react. Annie is around the same age Rosie was…\" \"Oh.\" Grace sighed, knowing she needed to get away from the topic herself. \"I suppose I need to leave well enough alone.\" \"Maybe.\" \"Besides, I don't think Oliver can take one more thing right now.\" \"I thought you said you two are doing great?\" \"We are,\" Grace said, \"but he's nervous about being a father and what this means to his usual routine. I think as everything was going on at the same time he didn't feel it so much. Now that there's a sense of normalcy returning he's beginning to panic.\" \"What's he doing?\" \"I honestly can't explain it. It's his mannerisms. He's gotten clumsy, that's the best I can say.\" \"Weird.\" \"I apologize, I don't mean to carry on like this.\" \"That's all right,\" Agatha said. \"Enough about me. How is work going? Your boss seems nice.\" \"Yeah, he is. He's been good to me.\" \"And the money's good?\" Grace asked. \"It could be better but I'm not complaining. I'm just happy to have a job. And I know you had found on for me but it felt good to be able to find this one myself, ya know?\" \"Yes, I understand.\" \"And also thanks for giving me a place to stay. I don't think I'll ever be able to repay you…\" \"Don't worry about it. Seems like it's been worth it.\" \"Thanks.\" \"When do you think you'll be able to get a place of your own? I'm not asking because the money is a problem. I'm curious.\" \"If I can find a decent rate maybe in a month or two? I thought it might be sooner but tips aren't what they used to be.\" \"That isn't bad.\" \"I think I might look for a room instead. What the hell am I going to do with an entire apartment? Given the times it might not be so humiliating.\" \"You could find a studio apartment.\" \"Yeah, I guess. We'll see. Whatever is cheapest.\" \"I'm just thinking if it's going to take a while to get you a place, why don't we start looking now?\" \"What? By the time I can afford it, comfortably anyway, it'll be taken by someone else.\" \"No, no, what I mean is if I'm going to be paying nightly for a hotel anyways why don't I help out with your rent for a little while?\" \"Oh, Grace, I couldn't ask you to do that.\" \"It'll probably amount to less than the stay at the hotel if I'm being honest. The hotel isn't a problem if that's where you'd prefer to stay it's not a problem.\" \"Oh… I hadn't realized. How much are you spending anyways?\" \"I'm not telling you.\" \"Oh gosh, that much?\" \"Relax,\" Grace said, \"it's not a fortune or even a small one. I have the money.\" \"You must be paid well.\" \"It's more a matter of being paid along with being provided most of my living necessities.\" \"Find me a job like that and I'll sign up in a heartbeat.\" \"I would if I could.\" \"I was joking. You would?\" \"Of course.\" \"But I've been rotten to you.\" \"I don't like to hold a grudge.\" \"You have every right to, though.\" \"Where is this coming from all of a sudden?\" \"It's not all of a sudden. I've been thinking about it off and on. I'm glad things are getting different again, but why is it?\" \"Because we're both trying?\" Agatha nodded before she continued. \"Yeah, but you should have been running like hell a lot of times. Why did you waste your time coming back?\" \"I'm not lying when I said you meant a lot to me. I miss having you as a friend. I know we'll never be able to recreate the old times, but who's to say we can't make new ones? We're different people now. That doesn't have to be a bad thing.\" \"I just don't wanna screw up your life. I mean, I'm not going to pretend I'm not still jealous of you. It's hard to see what a loser I turned out to be while you're on your way to becoming the wife of a billionaire.\" \"You're turning your life around. That's what counts. And you're not screwing up my life. I'm making my own decisions.\" \"Didn't you just say you have to focus on being home?\" \"Yes, I did, but that doesn't mean I can't meet for lunch or dinner and talk on the phone.\" \"I guess.\" \"Are you upset with me?\" \"No. I dunno. I'm being stupid. It's jealousy like I said.\" \"You don't have to be jealous. I'm here to help you, Agatha, honest.\" \"I hate owin' to people.\" \"You don't owe me a dime. I'm helping you because I want to. No one is pressuring me.\" \"But what if I start drinkin' again? It's not gonna help me any feelin' like my room or house or whatever will be taken from me because of my own damn weakness.\" \"While I'd be saddened to see you fall off the wagon I wouldn't punish you like that unless there were real reasons for it. I don't want to use that word, but you know what I mean.\" \"It's just a lot, that's all.\" \"As I said, the choice is yours. If you're more comfortable staying in a room on a day to day basis that's fine with me.\" Agatha asked, \"Can I think about it for a few days?\" \"Of course. Here comes the waiter with our food. We can talk more about this later.\" Agatha nodded to Grace as the waiter came with his tray and placed their meals in front of them.[Chapter 38] Over the next few weeks, after a lot more discussion, Grace helped Agatha find a permanent place to stay. She gave in to a small apartment. While a single room would be more practical, the pressure of a houseful of people wasn't worth it. If Grace was willing to help, for now anyway, she would take it to keep up with this trend of independence. The rent wasn't too much more. The place could hardly be considered an apartment. It was a large room, a kitchenette, a bathroom, and a walk-in closet that could be converted into a bedroom if needed. However, Agatha chose to rough it on the sofa bed for a while as she got settled. Before purchasing new furniture she wanted to be sure to save up enough to cover rent for at least a month should anything happen to her job. There were no indications of such an event as of now, but she didn't need to learn the lesson of how things can change overnight ever again. Her schedule wasn't consistent which, oddly enough, worked out as more of a blessing than a curse. Routine wasn't working out for her as it allowed her to expect when her cravings would be strong. Despite the fact all was going seemingly well in her life, the desire for a drink quietly grew stronger and stronger. She hadn't the faintest idea why. Grace came around once a week or so, speaking on the phone a couple of times in between. They'd had a recent argument over something that'd happened their years before, both remembering some situation differently than the other. By now it was water under the bridge. She'd become friendly with a handful of regulars at the diner so she wasn't lonely. Compared to her time at the orphanage, she couldn't remember a time she'd been this social. Everything else was going okay, too. Things could always be better, but after how she lived her life the past 10 years, she was doing fine. Work had its up and downs, naturally. Rude customers were a given now and again, as well as customers who refused to pay. They were a bigger problem than anyone else. At first, Agatha sympathized. As time went on, she started noticing that a handful of these people were repeat offenders. They wore different clothes and hid their faces as much as they could. Thanks to her years with Rooster, she was able to quickly re-learn the mannerisms. Confrontation was never pretty but keeping the joint a place business rather than a charity gave her points with Andy. According to him, she was the first to stand up to these people. The other waitresses silently gave up their own pay to cover the losses. Perhaps being the one to call them out wasn't the greatest thing she could do for her appearance but in the long run it seemed to have benefits. Her resentment toward these people could be considered hypocritical given her past, however, she can honestly say she never pulled a stunt like this. And with the nearest soup kitchen around the block there wasn't any need. When it came down to it, she knew at least most of them had enough change tucked away in their pockets, they just wanted to spare the cost of a meal. At another time she might have thought this clever. Now being on the other end, she opened her eyes. So with all the reassurances and progression she'd made… why couldn't she stop staring at that glass bottle? September came around which kept Grace plenty busy as she got Annie started with school. While this didn't have an outright effect on Agatha, hearing stories of Annie's excitement and seeing Grace reciprocate only reminded her that she was the reason the child never received even a half-proper education. It reminded her she wasn't any better than those people who tried to get free meals or got their laughs from making lewd comments about her. She was capable and hurting people. Could she really pretend otherwise? As if she wasn't struggling enough with her inner conflict, having a new customer come in and recognizing her from the papers back in July didn't help. \"You're that dame… I dunno the name. Not the one who went to jail. The oth'a one.\" He laughed, almost tauntingly. \"Clearly,\" Agatha said as she went about clearing nearest table from the bar where the rugged man sat. \"Come on,\" he said, \"I don't mean nothin' by it. It ain't every day you meet someone who been in the papes.\" Agatha shrugged, walking past the man and into the kitchen to clear away a stack of dirty plates. From there she could hear the man retelling the story to a couple of the other guys sitting around. One of them recalled the story while the other seemed completely lost. Though it wasn't her job this time of day, Agatha stayed as long as she could at the sink, scrubbing the dishes so hard they might have cracked. No matter how hard she tried, she couldn't block out the man's words. He carried on and on as though he'd been the one to rescue Annie in some heroic feat. And when he got towards the end, saying 'that waiter girl' best be counting her blessings, she snapped. Marching back into the dining area, Agatha approached the man, eyes never breaking their intense stare. \"What, did you write the article?\" The man looked amused. \"Naw.\" \"You know the kid?\" \"Nope.\" \"Then what's got you so hooked? Hell, I betcha no one who was actually there remembered every detail like you seem to have. You get your jollies from other people's nightmares?\" \"Look who's talkin',\" the man chortled, \"the lady who sent them cops on a goose chase.\" \"So what if I did? At least I've done something exciting in my lifetime, not readin' about it in the newspaper. Who memorizes those stories? How pathetic.\" Amusement left the man's eyes as he adjusted himself in his seat. \"You're callin' me pathetic? I ain't kidnappin' kiddos for a lousy buck.\" \"You wouldn't have the brains to do it.\" The others in the room grew quiet. \"Ah, yeah?\" \"What right do you have to come in here and start airing my dirty laundry to all these people? It happened months ago, I ain't where I was then. You got that?\" \"Ain't airing no dirty laundry if them peoples already seen it.\" \"I'm not denying what I did. Ask me any question and I'll answer with the truth.\" \"Then what're you yappin' for?\" \"Because you came in here and started talkin' about me like I'm the scum of the earth. Like I'm some dumb kid not worth the dust in your filthy pockets. Might'a been true once but not now. I ain't taking any crap from some loser who's got nothin' better to do than retell old news.\" \"'Ey, 'ey… you gotta familia'ize yourself with them rich folks lives. Never know when youse gotta knows these things. How's you ever gonna make it to the top?\" \"The top of what?\" Agatha laughed. \"The sausage on your plate has more potential in this world than you ever will.\" \"Agatha…\" Agatha stiffened at the sound of Andy's voice coming from behind her. Slowly, she turned around, waiting for him to continue. \"What is going on here? People come here to enjoy a meal, not be insulted.\" \"It's okay, mister,\" the man said raising a hand in the air. \"Can't expect nothin' more from them hardened crim'nals.\" Whipping around again, Agatha yelled, \"That's it!\" Her hand balled into a fist, she took a mighty swing at the man, watching him fall to the floor after the impact. The satisfaction in herself was short-lived, however. Seconds later she felt another man's firm grip on her arms while Andy and the rest of the patrons circled the man on the ground. Coming out of what she could only describe as a semi-conscious blackout, she became painfully aware of what she'd done. Turning her head to look at whoever kept her in his hold, she saw a mix of anger and concern. She then looked at Andy as he helped the man she'd stuck to his feet. \"I am so sorry, sir,\" Andy said to the man he'd never address so formally had it not been for what transpired. \"I will get you some ice right away.\" The man rubbed his jaw, clearly stunned by Agatha's strength. Agatha tried to speak — tried to apologize for the sake of her job. But she couldn't form the words. Despite the regret she now felt, she couldn't give this man a pass. Her whole life had been filled with people like him. Now, for whatever reason, she was bothered by the hurtful words. And yet, her reaction only proved those words true. In a single second, she alienated everybody in the room. The regulars, the newcomers, and her boss. She'd been given a chance and she blew it. Why did she expect otherwise? Andy returned with the ice. After apologizing several more times, offering a few free meals, and making sure the man was stabilized, his furious gaze found its way to Agatha. She hadn't moved an inch since being pulled back. It wasn't until now she wondered why the other man hadn't let go seeing as she didn't put up a struggle. \"What do you have to say for yourself?\" Agatha shut her eyes for a brief moment. Say it now , she told herself. Say it now and say it sincere if you want a prayer . But her mouth remained closed as she looked into the cold stare before her. Half a minute passed and she knew she wouldn't be free until she uttered the words everyone wanted to here. The rugged man himself cast his eyes upon her after some time, dumbfounded by her silence. So Agatha did all she knew she could do. With one great yank of her arms, she set herself loose. Now with a sudden rush of emotion, she forced herself to choke out one statement before running out the door. \"I quit.\"[Chapter 39] Yet again I apologize for disappearing. I have several chapters typed up and waiting to be posted. This story took on a life of its own and I wasn't sure how much I liked it. I've decided to go along with it as it's been quite some time (years) since this story has started and I would love to shift my energy to other stories. (The Annie ideas never end!) Agatha didn't slow her pace until she was well away from the diner. What had she done? Where did this flash of pure anger come from? It frightened her. Not only because it proved her lack of self-control, something that made going home dangerous, but also the realization of her own strength. If she could knock down a man twice her size, what must have her blows to the children felt like? After all this time alone with her thought, it was enough to make her sick. And she nearly was a few times. She kept walking straight. Going home wasn't an option, it felt. While she didn't trust herself with that bottle, she also feared someone from the diner would come and find her. The last thing she needed today was to go back to the police station. When passing phone booths, she felt an inclination to call Grace. Should anything more come of this situation, she wanted to be sure she got her side of the story said before the commotion. At the same time, she feared what she may think. They'd been doing well these last few weeks. Hardly any arguments or disagreements at all. True, it meant holding her tongue quite a bit but it seemed to be paying off. Now was not the time for the tension to start up again. Though she knew by now things would never be 'normal' or as they were in the past, they were someplace new. They were friends again. Perhaps not close friends, but friends in the least. She needed that friendship right now. Telling her of the outburst and the strong need for a drink could only ruin things. Then again, hiding hadn't gotten her far. Maybe it was better to tell her the truth now before she showed up on her doorstep reeking of gin. At the next booth, she dug in her pocket for some change. Fortunately, she'd left the diner still wearing her apron. Waiting to be connected was nerve-wracking. If Oliver answered she'd have to hang up. He'd probably recognize her voice and she didn't have to wait and see how unsteady it would be. The last thing she needed was for him to get involved. It was bad enough Grace had to know. A man answered, however, it didn't sound like Oliver. Relieved, she was able to relax enough to ask for Grace. When she picked up, Agatha nearly broke down into tears. \"I need to talk to you,\" she said. \"I know you're busy but I need to talk to you. Can you meet me somewhere?\" \"What's the matter?\" Grace asked with much concern in her voice. \"I don't want to tell you over the phone. I need to see you. Please.\" \"Of course, Agatha. I'll be right over.\" \"No, not at the apartment. Somewhere else.\" \"How come? What's going on?\" \"I already said I don't wanna tell you over the phone.\" \"Are you in trouble? You're being awfully vague.\" \"Yes and no,\" Agatha answered. \"I'm not in danger if that's what you mean.\" \"Where do you want me to meet you?\" \"… I dunno.\" \"A restaurant?\" \"No. I don't want an audience.\" \"Oliver isn't home today and Annie is at school. You're welcome to come here.\" \"No. I don't wanna be there.\" \"Then I don't know what you want me to do.\" \"I know, I know. Okay, uh, how about the park.\" \"Fine, I'll be right there. Are you going to be okay?\" \"I don't know, I guess. I just need to talk to you.\" Grace finished by saying, \"Go straight there. I won't be more than ten minutes.\" . . . Grace beat Agatha to the park causing concern in her as she had no idea where she'd called from. It occurred to her they hadn't said where in the park to meet, either. She kept a watchful eye and kept track of the time. Another ten minutes passed and she knew she couldn't sit still any longer. Moving from her spot by the gates, she began making her way to the other end of the park. Never before had she scaled the place as quickly as today. Naturally, when she got back to where she started, Agatha was waiting there anxious as ever. \"Where the hell have you been?\" \"I waited here a while,\" Grace said. \"I thought maybe you came from the other way.\" \"Whatever. I need to talk to you.\" \"I know you do… good heavens, you're shaking. Let's go find a place to sit.\" Grace reached to touch her shoulder but Agatha yanked herself away. \"No. I don't want to sit.\" \"All right, Agatha. Tell me what's going on and tell me now.\" Moving away from the gate enough that anyone passing by would be less likely to notice, Agatha said, \"I did something bad.\" \"You drank?\" \"No, but I wanna.\" \"I kind of figured. What I don't understand is how this has upset you this much all of a sudden. Unless you've been keeping quiet.\" \"I have been but that's not what the problem is.\" \"Then what is the problem?\" \"Work… I kinda quit.\" \"Oh no, how come?\" \"See, this is the part where I screwed up…\" \"Stop beating around the bush and tell me what you did.\" \"…I punched a guy.\" Bringing a hand to her face, Grace said, \"Gracious…\" \"That's it? That's all you're gonna say?\" Taking a breath, she continued. \"Who was it and why did you punch him?\" \"Some random creep who came into the diner. For whatever reason, he remembered all that happened with Annie and Rooster and recognized me. I didn't even know my picture was printed. What kind of a deadbeat remembers somethin' like that? It wasn't a national tragedy. But he didn't just remember. The bastard carried on as if it was the story of the century. I snapped. I thought I was doin' okay.\" \"Agatha…\" \"I know, it was stupid but if you were me you would'a done the same thing.\" \"You mustn't let other people's words mean so much. If you ask me he has problems of his own.\" \"That don't matter,\" Agatha said, feeling her breaths coming faster with each sentence. \"You try havin' all your faults become the butt of some creep's jokes. I had friends there. My boss was there. I ain't kept no secrets but I still don't need to sit through that.\" \"And you shouldn't have to. But hitting the man didn't solve anything, did it?\" \"No. It turned everything to crap again. But it felt so good. But I also scared myself.\" Grace shook her head. \"I don't know what to tell you.\" \"Don't tell me anything. I just had to tell you before you found out from the cops or something.\" \"You haven't run away from them, have you?\" \"No,\" Agatha answered. \"But I'm afraid they'll come after me. I didn't want to go home.\" \"Well, I don't suppose they will unless you mutilated the man. Brawls aren't uncommon.\" \"It'd be just my luck.\" \"Don't let this setback destroy how far you've come. We all have moments of anger and hurt.\" \"Maybe, but not all of us lose it like I did.\" \"You didn't kill him.\" Agatha rolled her eyes. \"Gee, thanks. I feel so much better.\" \"Don't start that. You know what I mean.\" \"I want a drink, Grace.\" \"From what you said it sounds like this might be contributing.\" \"No kidding.\" \"I know things look dark right now but they will get better. You'll get through it.\" \"Save it. Say that positive crap all ya want, it's not going to convince me.\" \"Then what do you want me to say.\" \"Nothing. Lock me up or something. Or say it's okay for me to have one drink. Could it do any harm?\" \"One drink, no. What happens after that? You won't want another? You won't decide a drink is fine whenever the going gets tough?\" \"I haven't had a drink every time something lousy happens. I've come home plenty of days feeling like scum. I'm saying now. I don't have a job or hope of getting one. This is all I have.\" \"You have much more.\" \"I saved that bottle knowing this day would come sooner or later. One sip. Come home with me and let me have a sip.\" \"No, Agatha,\" Grace said, grabbing hold of Agatha's arms to keep her still. \"One sip or one bottle alcohol is not the solution. You asked for my help and now you're getting it. Obviously, there's a part inside you that doesn't want a drink. Every other sense might but you know it will only lead to trouble. The only thing a drink will solve is whatever it is about it you're craving. Starting tomorrow with a hangover will only make matters worse.\" \"Please, Grace, please.\" Realizing people were starting to look their way, Grace made sure she had a firm hold on Agatha and gave her a yank towards the gate. \"Where the hell are we going?\" Agatha asked through tears. \"I'm taking you to the mansion.\" \"The hell you are!\" She tried to pull away but Grace proved stronger. At least more determined. \"It's clear you can't be alone right now and I can't stand here all day having a back and forth with you.\" \"Fine,\" Agatha said, surrendering her struggle as they continued to walk. \"I won't last there anyway. Your precious Warbucks will kick my ass back to the streets the minute he sees me.\" \"I told you he's not home.\" \"Annie will be. You wouldn't do anything to upset her.\" \"Annie once asked me to help you and now I am.\" \"You're bluffing.\" \"I'm fudging. She wanted me to help you stop beating her friends. Now we're going to make sure you don't hurt anyone else — including yourself.\" This struck a chord. \"I knew it!\" Agatha cried. \"You are ashamed of me.\" \"You're not going to hear anything I have to say while you're in this frame of mind. We are going back to the mansion. I will have someone send up a cup of tea and you are going to take a nap. Oliver and Annie are not your concern. If you're so worried a policeman is after you, you will cooperate with me. After you've rested and had time to process all of this then we can start figuring out where to go from there.\" Unable to speak, Agatha kept walking. She couldn't think straight anymore. Her initial need to talk somehow spiraled into some kind of a panic attack. It got to the point where she couldn't make out the faces of the people walking by. All she knew was that they were watching her. Watching her and thinking no better than that awful man at the diner.[Chapter 40] Grace shut the door to Agatha's guest room, sending up a prayer of thanks for helping her finally settle down. She worried about leaving her alone. Even though she appeared to be headed for sleep she couldn't be too careful. While she had every intention of telling Oliver she was here as soon as he returned home, she needed to be sure Agatha didn't get to him first. Several staff members knew Agatha was here. It was impossible for them not to. Her nervous breakdown hadn't calmed any which caused quite a scene. They agreed not to make mention to Oliver, however, Drake sternly warned not to delay this task. The same went for Annie. Grace wasn't sure who she should tell first. Chances were that Oliver would order her out of the house and Annie would never need to know. On the other hand, if Annie did not approve, there was no reason to tell Oliver. She opted for the later, knowing Annie wouldn't be quite as harsh with her disapproval. Plus, she came home from school not long after she'd come downstairs. \"Look, Miss Farrell!\" Annie ran up to Grace in excitement, holding a piece of paper over her head. \"I got an A on my spelling test! I got all of them right! I knew I was a good spelling, I just knew it!\" Grace smiled as she looked over the paper that was handed to her. \"So you did!\" \"You should have seen the look on that creep Billy Nesson's face. He couldn't believe it.\" Grace internally rolled her eyes at the mention of the boy's name. Annie first made mention of him a few days prior, telling her and Oliver that he was always making fun of her hair and her past. Deciding not to get into it now, Grace just smiled. \"I'm very proud of you, Annie.\" \"I can't wait to show Daddy Warbucks! Is he home yet?\" \"Not yet, dear.\" \"When will he be?\" \"Not until much later this evening,\" Grace answered. \"But if you're not still awake when he gets here you will be able to tell him all about it in the morning.\" \"I don't wanna wait,\" Annie whined. \"I know… but seeing as you must… there's something I need to talk to you about.\" Noticing the serious change in Grace's voice, Annie questioned, \"What about?\" \"Let's have Drake bring us some tea and lemonade on the terrace, hmm? Not many more days left in the year where it will be nice enough to do that.\" Annie nodded, suddenly worried about whatever they needed to discuss. Outside, Grace stalled as much as she could. How was she going to begin to tell her the woman who used to beat and starve her was sleeping upstairs? For the first time, she truly realized how twisted her association with Agatha was. Their past didn't matter. Not when her entire world was sitting across from her. \"Annie… I have to confess something.\" \"What is it, Miss Farrell?\" Taking a deep breath, Grace began. \"I know it wasn't right for me to do so without talking to you first and I feel just awful about it. I really do. And I know your father will have my head for it…\" She paused, looking up at Annie who was staring back at her with a look of confusion and concern. Knowing she couldn't put it off any longer, she finished. \"Miss Hannigan is upstairs.\" Annie turned and looked back at the house, then back at Grace. \"She is?\" \"Yes… You know I've been to see her off and on. I don't really know how to explain it, but you know how she… used to drink?\" How inappropriate talking about this with a ten-year-old felt, she thought. \"Yeah?\" \"She's been trying to stop — and she's been doing well. Up… up until today, that is. Something happened at her new job and she's not handling it well.\" \"So… she's drunk again?\" \"No. That's why I brought her here. I didn't know what else to do, but I knew I couldn't leave her alone. I panicked. But say the word and I will tell her to leave. I don't want you to feel uncomfortable in your own home. Not for a minute.\" Annie was quiet a moment, pondering all that Grace said. When she spoke, her words surprised the woman. \"I think she should stay.\" \"You do?\" Annie nodded as she continued. \"She did try and keep her brother from hurtin' me. Even though it was kinda her fault he was after me in the first place.\" \"But she was so awful to you…\" \"I know, but you said she used to be your friend. She can't be all bad. You're the nicest person I've ever met. Miss Hannigan might be the meanest but I guess there's a reason. Well, not the meanest. Her brother was worse. His girlfriend, too.\" Grace's jaw nearly dropped. \"I don't know what to say.\" \"Why?\" \"Because that was a very mature answer.\" Annie sighed. \"Miss Hannigan was pretty awful to us, but it was usually because we did somethin'. Not always, and not usually things we should'a been beat for… It still could'a been worse. We weren't the only orphans hurt. It happens lots of places. Pepper was in three and most of the other girls had been in at least one other before meeting Miss Hannigan. Boys get it worse than us girls.\" Grace felt tears stinging her eyes at these thoughts. \"That sounds terrible.\" \"That's life in an orphanage.\" \"It isn't right.\" Annie stood, now finished with her lemonade. \"Not many people pay attention. They're more worried about their own kids.\" As true as she knew this was, Grace didn't want to believe it. Annie started to go back inside, but she called after her. \"What about Miss Hannigan?\" \"I don't care that she's here as long as she ain't mad at me or somethin'.\" A small smirk appeared on the child's face. \"I'm more worried about what Daddy's gonna do to you when you tell him.\" Grace couldn't shake her conversation with Annie the rest of the day. At dinner, Annie acted as though nothing was said which didn't come as much surprise. She found it hard to believe Annie could be this forgiving towards Agatha, but then again, she'd done the same more or less. What worried her, though, was knowing that if she had this much trouble believing Annie's reaction, Oliver would be ten times worse. After they ate, Annie went upstairs to finish her homework while Grace brought dinner to Agatha. She was still asleep when she went in which brought some relief. She only hoped she'd sleep through the night or that she would stay put until she came in to check on her again. She had to wonder how well she'd been sleeping lately to be out for so many hours. Then again, the events of today and whatever led up to them must have worn her out. Oliver's car didn't pull up until after ten, later than expected. This wouldn't help his mood at all, Grace knew. She started making excuses in her mind why she should wait to tell him about Agatha. He wouldn't hear her out tonight. He was probably stressed enough as it was. One day couldn't hurt… Agatha was in a separate wing of the house. There's no chance they would cross paths. Alas, she knew the longer she put it off the more difficult it would be to tell him. Besides, Annie knew. The last thing she wanted was for her to have to witness Oliver's reaction. And the longer she waited, the longer she had to admit her dishonesty. She didn't meet him at the door needing all the time she could to formulate a way to tell him. He would likely come to the office straight away, so she waited there. She went back and forth between his chair and pacing the room. Five minutes later he appeared. Grace froze. \"Hello, Oliver.\" \"What a hellish day,\" he said walking past her to set his briefcase behind his desk. \"Why I let anyone in charge of anything I'll never know. Nobody understands that when times are tough you put your nose to the grindstone more than ever before. If they did maybe the factories wouldn't be such a mess.\" Just as expected, Grace thought with a quick prayer for strength. But just as she anticipated a rant, his mood suddenly changed. He walked up to her his arms extended, pulling her waist close to him. \"I have wanted nothing more than to come home to you all day.\" His arms wrapped around her and kissed her soundly. Enraptured in this embrace, kissing him back with equal enthusiasm, Grace nearly forgot she had something to tell him. Now she almost wished for his sour mood to return so she wouldn't have to ruin what was promising to be an affectionate evening. Though it pained her, she pulled away. \"Oliver, I need to talk to you.\" \"Did anything catch fire?\" Eyebrow raised, she answered, \"No.\" \"Then it can wait,\" he said, moving to kiss her neck. Once more, Grace felt herself surrendering to him but quickly snapped out of it, knowing she could not in good conscious stand here with him with what she had to say. She stepped back, moving out of reach before he could take hold of her again. \"I'm afraid it can't wait.\" He didn't want to admit it, but he heard the seriousness in her voice. \"What's going on?\" Grace took a shaky breath and began. \"I have something to tell you… and I know you're not going to be happy with it.\" \"What is it?\" \"Now, hear me out. I only did this as a last resort. I didn't know where else to turn. Maybe if you'd been here I could have come to you but I panicked. Everything was so out of control.\" \"You're making me nervous,\" Oliver said. \"What happened?\" \"Agatha… she's upstairs.\" Oliver didn't speak right away. When he did, his voice was surprisingly calm. \"She's upstairs? Here ?\" \"Yes.\" \"Why the hell is she in this house? And without my permission.\" \"What was I going to do, call all over to track you down?\" \"I don't want her in this house, Grace!\" Now his voice began to rise. \"Please, I told you to hear me out.\" \"There's nothing to hear out. I've made it clear many times that I don't want anything to do with her. I don't want anyone in this house to have anything to do with her.\" \"Oliver, please listen! I didn't have a choice.\" \"The hell you did.\" \"I couldn't leave her alone! She called me and asked me to meet her. She got into a scuffle at her job and if she went home she was going to drink.\" \"Then let her! Don't bring her here and make it our problem. If she wants to drink let her drink!\" \"After she's worked so hard to quit?\" \"I don't give a damn if she quits or not as long as she's far away. Now you've brought her into my home? Putting my daughter in danger?\" Ignoring the part about Annie, she said, \"It's my home, too.\" \"Do you pay the bills? Do you pay me rent?\" Grace stopped, unsure if she'd heard his words correctly. \"Well, do you?\" he repeated. Grace stood still, only moving to shake her head. \"I knew you were going to react poorly but this is by far worse than anything I expected.\" \"If you knew all along it would upset me why do it in the first place?\" \"Because I still believed you had a heart. Not only are you robbing Agatha of any shred of human dignity, but you're also minimizing my place in this house.\" \"You are my employee! I provide your salary and your housing. That doesn't give you the right to bring reckless drunks onto my property. I don't care if you were friends with her or not, I want her out of here. Do you understand?\" There was no keeping back her tears or the fast breaths that bellowed from her lungs. She couldn't speak. With all her might she tried to scream at him, yell at him… something to let him know of the hurt he'd caused. But her breathing was too erratic. She knew she had to leave the room but refused to give him the satisfaction of the final word. She looked at the desk to her right. Eying the phone, she grabbed it in a flash and threw it at him. The second it left her hands she ran from the room. The last thing she remembered was hearing him howl as the phone hit him and then the floor with a few clangs of the ringer.[Chapter 41] Grace went straight to Agatha's room. It would take Oliver a while to find her there. Accidentally slamming the door behind her and making a loud noise with the latch, Agatha jumped. \"What the hell are you tryin' to do to me?\" Agatha asked. She'd been awake for about an hour now but hadn't seen or heard Grace coming. \"I'm still here, relax.\" Grace turned around, not bothering to hide her tear-riddled face. \"My… what the hell happened to you?\" Grace shook her head, still unable to speak and out of breath from running up three flights of stairs. She walked over to the bed and laid down, suddenly feeling dizzy. Agatha rushed to her side in concern. It wasn't hard to guess what had upset her. However, while she remembered Grace to be dramatic, she wasn't this dramatic. \"Tell me what happened?\" She shook her head again, shutting her eyes tightly. \"Is it Warbucks?\" Grace nodded. \"Obviously, he's mad.\" Another nod. \"You expected as much. Why are you such a wreck?\" It was really only a matter of time before some kind of meltdown occurred. Between all that happened and had been happening with Annie, Agatha, and Oliver, it was surprising Grace hadn't collapsed sooner. She just never expected the moment to be so telling of her relationship with Oliver. It was too much to process on top of her concern for Agatha. Able to begin catching her breath, Grace sat up, resting her head against the backboard. Running her hands over her eyes, she finally spoke. \"I told him.\" \"No kidding,\" Agatha said with a roll of her eyes. \"I knew I was getting into deep waters with him but I never expected this.\" \"Never expected what?\" she asked, irritation growing. \"He called me his employee.\" \"Oh no! How could he? You've only worked for him ten years!\" Normally Grace would ignore this kind of sarcasm, but right now, it only made for more tears. \"There's more to it. He told me that I have no right to bring you into his home.\" \"Not surprised.\" \"Listen to me! He spoke to me as if I were nothing. I'm not just his employee anymore. At least that's what I thought. It only took him two minutes from hugging and kissing me to telling me I have no rights because I don't pay rent.\" \"I'm sorry, kid.\" \"I loved him… and he said he loved me. This isn't love.\" Agatha stood up feeling as though she was going to gag. \"Oh, please.\" \"What?\" \"This ain't some radio romance.\" \"I didn't say it was,\" Grace sniffed. \"'I loved him, he loved me'…\" Agatha mocked. \"Welcome to men.\" \"That's not fair!\" \"Of course it ain't fair. That's life.\" Agatha wandered into the bathroom and came back with a tissue. Handing it to Grace, she sat next to her. \"Sweetie, I'm going to tell you the truth.\" \"What?\" Grace question as she dried her eyes. \"Men are idiots.\" \"What's your point?\" \"That is my point. Men are idiots. Always were and always will be. They show their stupidity in different ways. That's how they trick ya.\" \"That doesn't make me feel any better.\" \"It's not supposed to.\" \"So I'm just supposed to accept this?\" \"Depends.\" \"Depends on what? I do wish you would get to the point.\" \"Depends how important men are to you. Take me. I've dated every kind of creep you can imagine. I didn't have the patience for a single one of them. So I never committed myself. Yeah, it would be nice to have a man around sometimes but they only cause me stress. I don't need that stress. You? I imagine you'll go back to him.\" \"I'm not so sure at the moment.\" \"Give it a few hours.\" Grace sighed. \"I will be the perfect fool if I do. I know it was a heated moment but his words came from somewhere. I never saw it coming. I've spent years learning his every mood. I should have known he wasn't capable of any kind of intimate relationship.\" \"If you had more experience you'd know you got it pretty good.\" \"That's not the point. The point is that he still sees me as someone who works for him. Meanwhile, I've stopped seeing him as my boss. If he and I don't work out that's it for me here. I lose my job, I lose Annie, and I lose what I thought I had with him.\" Putting an arm around her, Agatha said, \"Maybe bittersweet, but you got me.\" A small smile appeared on Grace's lips. \"Thank you.\" \"But knowin' you and your luck it'll all be water under the bridge in no time.\" \"I wouldn't call it luck?\" \"Look, I ain't the guy's biggest fan, but hear him out. If he knows what's good for him he'll start kissing the ground you walk on.\" Grace chuckled, amused at the absurd image. \"Never. He's too proud.\" \"Which brings me right back to the moral of the story: Men are idiots.\" \"It definitely seems to be the common theme today.\" Agatha's demeanor changed, knowing exactly what Grace was implying. She stood again, moving to the other side of the room where she'd moved her dinner tray. \"How are you doing?\" Grace asked. \"I feel terrible coming in here like this when last we spoke you were no better off.\" \"Better. Let's leave it at that.\" \"Do you still want…\" \"Yep.\" \"I'm so sorry.\" \"Again, that's life.\" \"No, I mean for thinking my problems are so terrible when you're here struggling with something as horrid as an addiction. Gosh… how insensitive of me to talk about the future of my career…\" \"Forget about it. It's different.\" \"No, it's not. You need the money more than I do.\" Turning around to face her again, Agatha said, \"This is gonna turn into a back and forth between us. Let's quit while we're ahead.\" Grace nodded. \"So… what do we do know?\" \"What do you mean?\" \"Warbucks wants me out. I should probably leave.\" \"I should probably leave, too.\" \"He probably didn't mean the part about you.\" \"Maybe, maybe not… but I don't want to risk seeing him right now.\" \"Just ignore him.\" \"That's easier said than done.\" \"Are you really that weak?\" \"No,\" Grace said before clearing her throat. \"I should have mentioned one more thing…\" \"What?\" \"I was so angry with him… so hurt. I kind of let my temper get the better of me, too.\" \"What did you do?\" \"I threw the telephone at him…\" Agatha couldn't contain her amusement. \"Ah, never knew ya had it in ya!\" \"This isn't something to celebrate.\" \"Hey, sure it is. Every gal's gotta let a man have it once in a while.\" \"Like you did today?\" \"Absolutely. I have no regrets hitting him. He was asking for it. I regret having witnesses. But I'll betcha he'll be a bit more careful next time he harasses somebody.\" \"At least you had a good reason for hauling off. Mine was nothing short of a temper tantrum.\" Agatha sighed. \"If it weren't for dealing with me you might'a handled it better. Hell, if it weren't for me you wouldn't've argued in the first place.\" \"While that's true, I suppose I also have to be grateful.\" \"Grateful?\" \"It's better to know his thinking now. What if we were to marry? I don't want to be a year in, carrying his child and discovering that I have a set of rules I have to obey. I wish I could explain his tone. He made me feel like I should be counting my blessings to be allowed in his home.\" \"Dump him then.\" \"I have Annie to consider. I can't leave her now… but it frightens me how easily I can be pushed to the side. Even if all he said was out of anger, he knows what to say to make me do whatever he wants.\" \"Again, I have to stick my tongue out to that.\" \"Think what you want. Annie means a lot to me and I think when it comes down to it I'd rather be stuck with a man with that logic than be apart. Or I'd rather push through the awkwardness of going back to his employee.\" \"So what, you're just gonna give up your entire life for one kid?\" \"Yes. And it's not forever. She has to grow up sometime. Things will be different then.\" Agatha shook her head. \"You're talking nonsense, but I guess that's 'cause we're different people.\" \"I need to not think any more about it. Nothing's going to be resolved in this frame of mind. Besides, we need to figure out what you're going to do about your job.\" \"I ain't going back there if that's your question.\" \"Did you formerly quit?\" Grace asked. \"I said I quit and I left. It's not gonna get any more formal than that.\" \"Don't you need to collect your final paycheck?\" \"He paid me cash. Gonna guess he ain't givin' it to me, either. Not worth being chewed out.\" \"Oh, Agatha…\" \"Yeah, yeah. I'm an idiot.\" \"I wasn't going to say that.\" \"Foolish,\" Agatha correct. \"That's better.\" Agatha sat down in one of the seats by the window across from the bed where Grace still sat. She was quiet for a couple minutes. Grace was pleased to have a break from speaking as well. While she'd calmed down quite a bit, she was still feeling uneasy and dizzy. After a while, she got up to get a drink of what. When she came back, Agatha was slumped down in her chair. \"I really liked that job, Grace. I mean, it wasn't great. It was boring and smelly work but I was doing it. I was getting things figured out for the first time in years and I blew it.\" \"I know,\" Grace said, walking over to the sitting area. \"But things will look up again.\" \"How can you be so sure? \"Because you'll make them. And I'll help you.\" \"Do you know how concerning it is to know you can go nuts in a matter of seconds?\" \"I do now.\" \"Couples are supposed to fight. Believe me, you'll throw worse things than a phone at some point.\" \"So should I surrender here and now because of that possibility?\" Agatha's brow furrowed as she looked up. \"Weren't you just saying you didn't know if you could go back?\" \"I know, I know. It's easier to give advice than to take it.\" With a small smile, Agatha rolled her eyes. \"True.\" \"You're not going to like it, but you are going to have to face your boss sometime. I don't agree with how either of you are handling business but he took a chance on you, assuming he knows your history, and you owe that much to him.\" Agatha scoffed. \"If he didn't before he does now. I'm not apologizing to him.\" \"You need to at least apologize for doing it in front of customers. You have to admit that wasn't appropriate.\" \"Which is what I mean by how unsettling it is to know I have such a violent streak in me. You flipped out because of an argument. I have a history. You can't let me off the hook for what I did to those kids in the orphanage.\" \"No, I can't. But you will be happy to know that Annie isn't holding any ill feeling toward you.\" \"All my problems are solved.\" \"Knock it off,\" Grace said. \"I mean it. Has she forgiven you? I can't say. I don't know if she can. But when I told her you were here she didn't flinch. She knows, and these are her words, that you can't be all bad. She even said she knows other kids had it worse.\" \"But I still hurt them.\" \"Can't you at least find a little bit of comfort knowing someone you hurt isn't holding a grudge. Especially when that someone is a little girl?\" \"It's more embarrassing than anything.\" \"My point is that you can't give up without talking to him. Your alternative is to take the cleaning job I found for you.\" \"…I'll have to think about that.\" \"You'd really rather do a job you hate than talk to the guy? He seemed perfectly nice when I met him.\" \"He is nice. Doesn't mean he's stupid. He's not gonna keep someone on who can't control her fists.\" \"If he heard him antagonizing you he might be more understanding.\" Bringing her hands to her temples, Agatha said, \"I can't even remember anymore. It's all blurred together.\" \"Don't make any decisions tonight… but please consider it?\" \"Only if you consider talking to Warbucks.\" \"Why do you care if I'm involved with him or not? You said yourself men are idiots and not worth your stress.\" \"Yeah, but I'm fine alone. I don't need that whole wife thing. You can't argue me on the fact I wouldn't be good at it. You clearly want it if you're going to give up everything for a kid you met, what, two months ago? You just gotta fights and not let him get away with controlling you. Seems to me you're off to a good start.\" \"It wasn't the most productive decision. Chances are he doesn't even realize what he said. He can be kind of oblivious.\" \"Idiotic is the word you're looking for.\" \"Maybe, but I'd rather not get hung up on that just yet.\" \"Maybe I'll see how it turns out when you talk to him. Then I'll decide.\" \"That's not fair.\" \"You wanna talk fair? When this is over you're gonna get one hell of a makeup kiss. Me? I'll get grease stains on my dress and a slap on the wrist if I'm lucky.\" A blush briefly appeared on Grace's cheeks. Soon it disappeared. It bothered her she could still think of Oliver in a romantic way — and so soon after their argument. How could she let herself approve of his presumed power over her? Or was she overreacting? \"I'll help you in any way I can.\" \"I'd offer the same but your fellow wants me dead.\" She couldn't deny that at the moment. Standing up, Grace said, \"Mind if we go to your place for the night? I could use the space.\" Agatha shrugged. \"You're payin' for it.\" Grace started for the door, Agatha not far behind. \"Let's try not to make a lot of noise. I don't want to run into Oliver. I've hardly yelled at him. I don't want to know what his response will be to me until he's had a good amount of time to calm down.[Chapter 42] Agatha and Grace only made it down the first flight of stairs before being noticed by somebody. Much to both of their chagrin, that somebody was Oliver. \"Out of my house,\" Oliver said in Agatha's direction. He didn't yell which made Grace nervous. \"I'm doing just that,\" Agatha replied. \"And you're staying here.\" He turned to Grace, grabbing her wrist in the process. \"We aren't finished yet.\" The color drained from Grace's face as she looked to Agatha. \"Give the girl some space,\" Agatha said. \"I don't believe I asked for your input.\" Oliver's voice started to rise. \"Now if you don't leave this instant I will have you removed.\" \"Knock it off, Oliver,\" Grace said. \"You wouldn't have even known she was here if I hadn't have told you and I wish to God I'd kept my mouth shut.\" \"We are not speaking any more about this here,\" he said in a low, almost threatening tone. \"Quit worrying yourself. I'm leaving. But if Grace wants to come with me that's her choice and damn you for thinking otherwise.\" \"You have no right to speak to me that way!\" \"Lower your voice,\" Grace said. \"Annie's room is just down the hall.\" \"We wouldn't be shouting if it hadn't been for you.\" Grace tried to pull away but his grip was too tight. \"Grace, are you going to be okay here?\" Agatha asked. Grace didn't look at Oliver, though she could feel his angry eyes on her. Looking up at Agatha in defeat, she said, \"I suppose I don't have a choice.\" \"You do have a choice.\" \"The hell she does, now get out!\" Angry enough for some extra strength, Grace yanked her arm away from Oliver and moved a good distance from him. \"I'll quit right here now if you say anything else like that. You don't own me, Oliver. I don't know what has come over you but I don't like it one bit.\" \"The bruise you gave me speaks for itself.\" \"I find it difficult to apologize at the moment.\" Turning back to Agatha, Oliver yelled, \"Why are you still here? I've told you enough times to get out!\" \"I'm not leaving until I know you're not going to hurt Grace.\" \"It's none of your business. I don't wish to hear from you of all people about causing someone pain. You traumatized my daughter. You're lucky I don't do the same to you.\" \"No, you're just takin' your anger with me out on the one person willing to put up with your crap.\" \"Agatha, you don't have too…\" Grace said. \"I do have to,\" Agatha said. \"You've shown me the same kindness and now it's my turn to stick up for you.\" \"Grace doesn't need you to fight her battles,\" Oliver said. \"Grace doesn't need you to speak for her,\" Agatha said. \"Grace is still standing right here,\" Grace cut in, unsure whether or not to be flattered or irritated. \"Now the both of you are going to have to work this out at some point. Like it or not, Oliver, Agatha is my friend. If Annie can accept this I think you should as well.\" \"She's just a child! She doesn't know any better. Of course she's going to go along with whatever you say the kid adores you.\" \"That doesn't mean she does whatever I tell her to. You get all the fun parts about being a parent. Meanwhile, I'm behind the scenes helping her with homework and teaching her the manners she never learned. But maybe I shouldn't bother myself with that anymore. Maybe I should pass that burden along to someone else. I am, after all, just your employee.\" Oliver growled. \"I said we are not discussing this here. Maybe if your 'friend' here hadn't been so selfish Annie would have learned manners and all those things when they should have been taught.\" \"Not once have I denied what I did to those kids,\" Agatha said, beginning to lose her temper herself. \"I will live with that for the rest of my life. Now I know I don't deserve any respect. Hate my guts all you want. I'm used to people hatin' me. But I don't have to stand here and listen to you rag on me. I would'a left by now if it weren't for Grace — someone who does deserve respect. I don't know the details of your relationship but I do know that you hurt her real bad tonight. Yeah, I ain't been around lately, but in the time I did know he I might'a seen her cry like that once.\" \"It's none of your blasted concern!\" \"Please!\" Grace shouted over them. \"Enough of this.\" Not surprisingly, a small voice echoed from behind them. \"What's going on?\" \"Go back to bed, Annie,\" Oliver said pointing the direction of her room. \"I can't if you all are yellin'.\" Grace couched down, putting a hand on Annie's shoulder. \"I'm terribly sorry we woke you. Miss Hannigan was just on her way out and your father is heading off to bed. Come on, dear, I'll tuck you in.\" \"But what's going on? Why are you all yellin'?\" \"Forget it, kid,\" Agatha said. \"I don't want you talking to my daughter,\" Oliver warned. \"It's okay,\" Annie said. \"I don't mind.\" \"That's because Miss Farrell has filled your head with nonsense.\" \"I've said nothing to her!\" Grace reacted, standing up straight. \"Likely story.\" \"She already told me Miss Hannigan was here. I told her I don't mind, honest.\" \"Bed!\" he yelled. Annie turned to go with nothing more than a frustrated sigh. Grace followed after, but Oliver caught her wrist again. \"Not you.\" Fed up with everything about this conversation, Grace pulled away from him again, no longer trying to hide her discuss. \"This has gone on long enough. Nothing is going to be resolved tonight and I'm not going to try. Agatha, please, go home. I appreciate your concern but I can handle myself. Oliver, I know you have an earful to give me and then some but it's not going to be tonight. Say anything on the contrary and I am right behind Agatha. Annie, let's try to get you back to sleep.\" Grace took Annie by both shoulders and gave her a small shove in the direction of her bedroom. Almost at the same time, Oliver and Agatha attempted to argue but Grace put her hand up. \"Goodnight! Both of you.\" . . . \"Miss Farrell, what happened with Daddy and Miss Hannigan? I mean, I knew he'd be mad and all but I haven't seen him this mad since Sandy jumped in the poor after playin' outside in the garden.\" Pulling the covers up to Annie's shoulders, Grace then tousled her hair. \"It's a long and complicated story.\" \"I could use a bedtime story.\" Grace exhaled a faint chuckle as she sat down on the bed. \"It's not a good one.\" \"I figured,\" Annie said, reaching her hands up and poking Grace's cheekbones. \"You look like you've been cryin'.\" Grace stood up straight, slightly embarrassed as she brought her own hands to her face. With a sigh, she then said, \"I'm sorry you had to overhear the end of it.\" \"I couldn't really hear the words. Just your voices.\" \"Either way it's not fair to you.\" \"Are you and Daddy fighting?\" Annie then asked. \"I don't think I've ever heard you yell before. Not really.\" \"To tell you the truth, I'd rather not think about it right now.\" \"So that's a yes.\" \"Don't worry yourself with it, please.\" Annie sat up. \"But what did you mean when you said you were gonna leave with Miss Hannigan? You didn't mean for good, did you?\" Not having a firm answer, Grace said, \"I would never leave you.\" \"That's not what I asked.\" \"But that's what I'm answering.\" \"If I weren't here would you leave?\" \"Annie, I can't answer these questions right now.\" She stood up, knowing the road they were heading down wasn't a good one. Guiding Annie back down, she said, \"Your father and I will work through what's going on. I wish you hadn't been dragged into it.\" Ignoring her words, Annie continued. \"Would you be leaving us so you could be friends with Miss Hannigan?\" \"No matter where I am I will be friends with her. And if you come to me one day and tell me it upsets you know that you are my number one concern. I won't pretend it hasn't been nice having a friend outside the house again, especially tonight, but I would never do anything to upset you. I know it might now show but I do know what she did to you. I will always resent her for it. But I want you to be honest with me. My feelings won't be hurt.\" \"I'm really okay with it.\" \"Are you very sure?\" \"Why doesn't anyone believe me?\" \"I suppose it's because adults aren't as forgiving. We hold grudges. Sometimes it disrupts our entire lives even after those people have long since gone.\" \"You know, the girls and I have talked about it before. We all kinda forgive her. Maybe it's because now we all got folks. I dunno. I just don't wanna be mad at her forever. And remember, she did try to save me.\" A small smile touched Grace's lips. \"You've got to be the kindest person I know.\" \"Just for that?\" Annie questioned. \"Yes, that, but a lot of other things as well. I admire your heart. Even the way you took to Mr. Warbucks. You saw a bigger heart in him than I ever did. With that insight, you were able to bring it to light.\" \"You saw it, too.\" \"I did, but you saw it even more.\" \"I think when people like Daddy and Miss Hannigan are grumpy and mean to others it means they're really sad.\" \"You're absolutely right,\" Grace said. \"That's why I think you should keep being friends with Miss Hannigan. She's got a whole lotta sad in her. If I was able to help Daddy Warbucks, maybe you can help her.\" \"Maybe Miss Hannigan didn't do such a bad job raising you after all.\" Bending down, she kissed Annie's cheek. Annie giggled before adding, \"I know I only saw her for a minute, but she looked different.\" \"How so?\" \"She didn't look as ill. And I didn't smell her, either. She always smelled funny.\" \"She's worked hard to turn her life around. She's not there yet but she will be.\" \"Now we just gotta get her and Daddy to be friends.\" \"They're both too stubborn, I'm afraid. But I'd settle for a mutual peace between them.\" Annie yawned. \"I wonder who we will help next. We can be like superheroes.\" Grace smiled, giving her head one more pat. \"We make a great team.\" Closing her eyes and sinking into her pillow, Annie said, \"That's why you gotta stay here.\" Smile now a frown, Grace stood now between the bed and the door looking back at the child. She'd been right before. Nothing Oliver could say would make her so angry as to leave Annie. He knew this and it worried her. Turning back to the door, it occurred to her she was unaware if Agatha had indeed left and if Oliver had indeed gone to bed as she instructed them. Going by his hold on her back in the hallway he wasn't going to let this go tonight. For all she knew he was waiting for her outside the door. She shook her head, wondering how everything had taken such a nasty turn. The only thing she ever predicted from the day's events was a breakdown from Agatha. That she'd been prepared for, supporting causes aside. As for her own tantrum, it came as a surprise at the moment, however, wasn't a complete shock given her stress. Oliver was the one that really threw her. A tiff she expected but she couldn't for the life of her figure where the words she'd played over and over in her head had come from. She knew she'd pushed a lot for Agatha. She knew he was upset with the thought. But nothing, or much, really had anything to do with Agatha but rather herself. Had she done something else to upset him? Was he merely taking out the day's stress on her? Or was it her worse fear… was their relationship beginning to meet reality? But Annie's final words made the other thoughts disappear. It was time to prioritize again. There was nothing on earth worth losing this bond with the child across from her. Not Oliver. Not Agatha. Had it not been for Annie nothing would have happened with either of them. Even in her current mood, she knew she was better off now than before. For the first time in years, she was happy. Though the threat of Oliver waiting for her was still present in her mind, Grace made her way to the other side of the bed for Annie's sake. Taking her shoes off, she climbed in next to Annie, leaving a firm kiss on the back of her head. \"I'm not going anywhere.\" Agatha didn't go straight home from the mansion. This wasn't wise given the hour but it beat sitting in a quiet apartment alone after the day she had. She couldn't shake a small worry for Grace. Her own experience with men hadn't been great. Naturally, she feared the worse for her friend. Oliver was no doubt a loud mouth, but could he also be violent? She hoped not. Grace wouldn't take it well. Then again, she'd been the one to fight back today. Perhaps being of a gentler nature wasn't all bad. Her fists got her into enough trouble over the years. This she couldn't blame wholly on alcohol. She'd lost jobs in bars for similar reasons, yet, she was the one they called to break up a fight. Had the creep from the diner been antagonizing anyone else she would have been a hero. Was it such a crime to stand up for yourself? And that was another thing that bothered her. No one came to her defense. Enough people knew her, most of the customers there came on a regular basis. Instead, they sat back and watched in amusement, almost waiting to see how it would end. Even Andy, granted he came in near the end, couldn't cut in with a nice word. She'd known it on some level all along, but now more than ever she could see just how lucky she was to have Grace. Even if things weren't perfect they were all right. She was taking risks for her, putting her own mental wellbeing in jeopardy for her when there really wasn't any reason to. She fought for her and put up with her moods. For as upset as she was immediately after her fight with Oliver, Agatha knew whatever meltdown and the scene she'd caused at the park was ten times worse. Though she wouldn't admit it out loud, she was thankful Grace forced her to go to the mansion. It was a comfort knowing other people around unwanted as she may have been. It was nice to know she couldn't make some stupid mistake while the cravings were out of control. They were still present without a doubt. She'd love nothing more than to go home and open that bottle of gin. But she also felt somewhat rested from such a deep sleep in the afternoon. A part of her was calm. She hoped it would last at least long enough to work through whatever mess she'd made at the diner. Whether or not she was going to go back she didn't know yet despite her informal deal with Grace. Upon realizing how much they all let her down, she no longer felt like she owed anything to them. At the same time, she didn't want to go back to cleaning again. That would only lead to trouble. Scrubbing floors left too much time to think. The good part about the diner was that she had to think. She had to make small talk with people and remember orders. Also, it was still something she'd found on her own, not something Grace oversaw. Sure, they were on much better terms as of late, but they were bound to butt heads again sooner or later. She couldn't fear for her job every time this happened. And now with Oliver more aware of her than ever, she wouldn't be surprised if he talked Grace out of checking in anymore. It was funny, she thought, how something she dreaded at the beginning became her highlight of the week. She couldn't blame Grace for choosing Oliver. Pig-headed as he seemed, he wasn't wrong for being so harsh. She did hurt his now daughter and all of her friends. She did traumatize her. She did put her life in danger. And she didn't believe Grace for a minute when she said Annie doesn't hold any of this against her. Annie was tough — that much she paid attention to — which was probably why she made such an easy target for her aggression. It was no surprise Annie could stand and face her earlier without flinching. But it was unreasonable to expect much more. Oliver was the only one speaking any sense. Perhaps he could approach his feelings in a tactful way, but Agatha wouldn't bother with it if the situation was reversed. It was well after midnight by the time she walked into her apartment. Her walk ultimately did more harm than good for her mind but the alternative wasn't any better. Her eyes instantly went to the glass bottle on the counter. Lately she'd taken to carrying it around while she was home, trying to trick herself into thinking she was taking sips. It wasn't working, but at least it felt good to have in her hand. Tonight, she knew, it was too risky to do even this, especially when she knew she had no option of calling Grace. Hiding it wasn't an option, either. Out of sight out of mind was a myth that proved damaging. Sleep wouldn't come for hours if at all, the only flaw in Grace's earlier logic though Agatha somewhat expected to be tired. She turned the radio on for a while but quickly grew tired of the middle of the night programming. This left her with a book which wasn't that interesting, but at least the words on the page served as half a distraction from herself. Still, the prose didn't prevent some serious thoughts slip through.[Chapter 43] Grace woke late the next morning. Annie was gone along with her satchel so she knew it must be after nine. Sitting up she stretched her arms. Her shoulders hurt and she couldn't tell if it was from the stress of the night or the way she slept. Probably both, she decided. She stayed in the room for several minutes. She couldn't remember the last time she so dreaded the thought of facing Oliver. She could only pray sleep cooled him down. Even a little bit would make a world of difference. She knew she couldn't put it off forever but that didn't stop her from trying. She planned her day accordingly, figuring she could keep her path from crossing his until after lunch at the very least. She'd go back to her room to shower and change. A call to Agatha seemed in order before anymore complications arose. After that she'd eat breakfast or lunch in the kitchen. Oliver hardly ever stepped foot in there. Then she would make her typical Friday trip to the post office. By the time she got home, she hoped Oliver would be in a meeting or with another project. Once in her room, she decided to call Agatha first. She didn't anticipate any interruptions at this hour, however Mrs. Greer made it a habit of checking on her whenever she didn't show for breakfast. This call worried her more than she expected. She hadn't forgotten that Agatha said she still wanted a drink. In a saner moment she wouldn't have let her go home. Then again, she hadn't expected to run into Oliver as they were leaving together. Worse than drunk, Grace worried she might not answer at all. Tracking her down wasn't an option today. She only hoped if she wasn't home she was at the diner sorting everything out. To her relief, Agatha answered sounding more tired than anything else. \"Are you all right? How did your night go?\" Grace asked straight away. \"I'm fine, stop worryin' so much.\" \"How can you expect me to stop worrying?\" \"Because you have your own problems,\" Agatha said. \"I won't call them problems as much as unpleasantries.\" \"What did Warbucks do once I was gone?\" \"Nothing. I stayed with Annie all night. I'm actually surprised he didn't come to find me. Or if he did I was already asleep.\" \"And nothing this morning?\" \"I just woke up,\" Grace said. \"Again, I'm surprised he didn't come to find me.\" \"It's all my fault, Grace. You shouldn't be wasting your time on the phone with me.\" \"All of this was my decision. The guilt is not on you.\" \"I still feel it. You're disruptin' everything for my sake. I did a lot of thinking last night and I think maybe you should focus on your own life for a little while. Warbucks isn't wrong in his thinking toward me. It doesn't matter what I think of the guy or think you should do everything he's tellin' you, but you can't jeopardize your future on my account.\" \"I'm not jeopardizing my future. You're my friend.\" \"But maybe I shouldn't be. Yeah, sure. We knew each other at one point in time. But we both know we have nothing in common outside of that. I really appreciate everything you've done for me and I know I'll never be able to pay you back for any of it. But I think I'll be okay. If I didn't drink last night then maybe I do have a chance after all. Mostly because I couldn't get the damn cork out…\" Grace chuckled, but it quickly faded. \"So that's it?\" \"I think it kinda has to be,\" Agatha said. \"At least for a while. I know you were upset yesterday because of me. I don't wanna be the reason for that.\" \"I was upset with Oliver.\" \"Because of me. And I'm sure worrying about my stupid drinking didn't help. I mean it, you really helped me a lot. I wouldn't have gotten half this far if it weren't for your nagging. But I meant what I said last night.\" \"What did you say?\" Grace asked. With a sigh, Agatha said, \"It's my turn to help you. I told you, I've been thinking all night. I ain't sayin' we can never talk. I'm just saying right now you need to get your life together and I need to get mine. I've decided to grovel and try to get my job back.\" Grace took a few seconds before speaking again, trying to make sense of everything through her still sleepy state. \"What about your apartment? Can you afford to pay for it?\" \"If I get my job back, yeah. If I don't I gotta find something. And it's not going to be a cleaning job. I'll figure it out.\" \"I'm just worried, Agatha…\" Grace said. \"I don't want to find out you've started drinking again when there was something I could be doing to help.\" \"I think I'm past the point where it's your responsibility. The worst is hitting and I wanna get through it. I know it's gonna suck some days. Maybe I'll have a weak moment, but I've been without a drink long enough now to see what a mess I made starting in the first place. And I really don't want to go through those first days of quitting ever again. I think I can do it. I really do.\" Grace didn't want to agree to this. Not now rediscovering what it was like to have a friend she didn't have any professional ties to. She couldn't have gone to any of her friends in the house last night. Not as long as it concerned Oliver. But it was selfish to expect Agatha to be able to take on her petty problems while struggling with her own. \"…Will you still call me if you need to talk? Maybe just to check in once in a while?\" \"Sure, I guess.\" \"I'm still not so sure this is a good idea.\" \"You're not gonna change my mind. Maybe it's rotten of me but I can't handle the guilt I've felt all night about you. I've made enough people miserable in my lifetime I don't need to add you to the list.\" \"Agatha, you are not making me miserable. Stop those ridiculous thoughts.\" \"Are you smiling right now?\" \"That has nothing to do with anything. Of course I'm not smiling right now. I called to check on you and now I don't know when I'll hear from you again.\" \"It's not that I don't wanna be in touch. I'm just saying it's better. You've moved up in the world. I'm pretty much in the same place I've always been. I'm sure I'll always be here, too. It's not tragic, it's just my life.\" \"But you can still change-\" Cutting her off, Agatha said, \"Don't start with that. I'm old. I'm tired. I'm set in my ways. I don't have the energy or the motivation to move up. As long as I don't get any worse I can handle it.\" \"I want to argue this more…\" \"Don't waste your breath.\" \"I… I guess I'd be fighting harder if it weren't for the conversation Annie and I had last night.\" Most of her didn't want to ask, but a part of her couldn't resist. \"What was it?\" \"I think I worried her when she heard me say I would leave if Oliver barked another order at me. I don't think I've been paying her as much attention as I should. Oliver has said as much in the past. Maybe it's time I stop being stubborn myself.\" \"She needs you to undo what I did.\" \"That part of your life is over, Agatha. If the kids can move on you can as well.\" \"I'm trying,\" Agatha said. \"So…\" Grace said, knowing there wasn't much more to say. \"Yeah,\" Agatha said, clearing her throat. \"I guess… I should get down to the diner.\" \"Yes… I guess avoiding Oliver all day isn't the smartest idea.\" \"Probably not.\" \"Before you go… I just want to thank you.\" \"For what?\" Agatha said with a scoff. \"For being there for me last night. I know it was foolish of me to react the way I did and I'm completely embarrassed. I don't know what came over me.\" \"Stress.\" Ignoring the implication in her voice, Grace continued. \"And I especially want to thank you for defending me against Oliver.\" \"I honestly thought you'd be mad about that today.\" \"Of course not. It meant a lot.\" \"You're welcome, I guess?\" Grace shook her head, clutching the receiver. \"It's going to feel strange not coming to visit you.\" \"Yeah, guess it will get pretty lonely here now,\" Agatha said. \"Are you positive you're going to be okay? Am I completely thick to be agreeing to this?\" \"I'm not in the same place I was a couple months ago, you know that.\" \"Still… this just feels out of nowhere.\" \"Face it, Grace. This whole arrangement has been ridiculous. Whether you like it or not you came to me out of pity and I gave into it because of force. It ain't been all bad. Maybe at another time it would'a worked out better. Maybe even if we'd reconnected years ago.\" \"None of that should matter.\" \"But it does,\" Agatha said. \"You're starting to sound like a corny dime novel.\" \"I know it does.\" Grace sighed. \"And I think Annie is that main obstacle.\" \"Bingo.\" A sudden sweep of emotion came over her. However, she didn't let it hinder her voice. \"I wish you the best, Agatha… and please, call me if you need. Even if it's just a quick hello now and again. And if you fall short on money let me know. It's not a problem for me.\" \"Thank you,\" Agatha said, choosing not to argue the point. \"And you take care.\" \"You as well.\" Lingering a few moments longer on the line in silence, Agatha and Grace then hung up their telephones. A feeling of both relief and sadness filled their rooms. While it was difficult to say goodbye, temporary or not, some burdens were lifted from their shoulders that neither was even fully aware was there. Grace knew she would go downstairs to see Oliver with news that would ease any remainder of his rage. The biggest source of tension between them was gone for the time being. This would leave their energy for the new issues they needed to work out. As for Agatha, she felt a sense of freedom. Yes, she'd grown to appreciate Grace and everything she'd done, but there was still a sense of guardianship. If she messed up, she had someone to answer to. Sometimes she still felt like a child being reprimanded. This was no longer a worry. Both would miss the friendship they'd worked so hard to rekindle, this was certain. However, it wasn't the same as before, and they'd known it for quite some time it was different from before. There was a sense of duty on both halves neither wanted to admit. This decision was for the better. Both were thankful to end things on a good note unlike before. What made it better was knowing there wasn't a sense of finality, either. Agatha was stubborn, but she wasn't a complete fool. She'd call Grace if she needed help. And yes, maybe even to say a quick hello. She'd meant it when she said she never wanted to go through those early days again. Quite frankly, she didn't want to go through hangovers again, either. Would this be forever? Neither of them was sure at the moment despite leaving things open. Grace was still trying to process how quickly everything changed. Agatha didn't struggle with this as much as she'd formulated the plan sometime around two in the morning. Part of her felt bad for springing this on her after they'd had such a supporting conversation mere hours before. The confusion and surprise in Grace's tone hadn't gone unnoticed. But Agatha was resolved. Besides, she was used to people moving on from her at some point. She couldn't handle losing Grace again — not the same way as before. If Oliver Warbucks meant that much to her back then there was no reason to believe he wouldn't win out in the end. For some reason, this didn't bother Agatha as much now. And that's when she realized she really had come a long way after all. Agatha stood outside the diner, unable to find it in herself to take a step inside. She knew standing there by the window was only drawing more attention to herself, but she simply froze. Her earlier confidence faded at the sight of Andy waiting tables. She'd left him without much help. Only one other woman waited tables and she didn't come in until lunchtime. Yeah, she though, he would have fired her anyways, but in that case, the guilt wouldn't be on her. Tired of this weak and helpless feeling, Agatha swallowed her fear along with her pride. She walked in with her head held high, ignoring the slight quaking of her knees. Everyone looked at her. Whether this was because they were there yesterday or because they'd seen her through the window she wasn't sure. Nevertheless, it was unsettling. Especially when Andy looked up at her without a word. Agatha waited him out, hoping he was just trying to intimidate her (it was working). When he failed to speak and she felt her nerve beginning to slip, she opened her mouth and went along with whatever words fell out. \"I know you probably don't wanna see me, but give me credit for coming back.\" \"You know, part of me figured,\" Andy said. \"I ain't exactly proud of what I did, but no one else was shutting the guy up. Maybe if they had I wouldn't have lost it.\" \"Agatha, you broke the guy's nose.\" Agatha almost resented the hint of glee she felt at this. She forced herself to put it aside. \"I didn't mean to hurt him.\" \"You're lucky the police weren't involved.\" \"Yeah, I know.\" Realizing everyone in the restaurant was watching, she asked, \"Could we talk in the back?\" \"I don't think there is much else to say. I took a chance on you, Agatha. You knew this.\" \"I do know. Please, just let me talk to you. Maybe I don't deserve dignity, but if I don't look after myself no one will.\" Andy let out an aggravated. \"As you can see, I'm the only one waiting tables today. Come by at closing and I'll hear you out. Don't think that means you're getting your job back, though. It's clear that's why you're here.\" \"Fine. I'll still be here at five.\" Agatha left, trying to ignore the dozen eyes watching every step. She didn't know what to do with herself for the next hours. Her conversation with Grace hadn't left her mind. Last night the decision seemed so clear. Once it was out of her mouth there was a feeling of regret. Still, the best thing to do, but it hit her that she was losing the only person in her life she trusted. Trust never came easy, and she didn't realize just how much she grew to trust her again. Then again, it was better that she initiated their parting. She couldn't have bared the hurt of being cast aside again no matter how much she believed she deserved it. Maybe she was more in tune to things than she thought… but it wasn't difficult to see where the Grace and Oliver's argument was headed. For her own sanity, she told herself they would talk again someday. Nevertheless, the pessimistic side of her knew she was kidding herself. She got herself into this and there wasn't any way of going back. The same could be said for her job, however, she felt more confident about finagling her way back in with Andy. Once Grace was through showering and readying for the day she took the long walk to Oliver's office. She knew he was waiting and would be angry. She could tell as much from the looks of the other staff members when she passed. For the most part she ignored them. Aside from Oliver, she had more important things weighing on her mind. She didn't hesitate once she arrived at the door. No matter how much she avoided him, his response would be the same. If he was going to strike her she'd rather have done with it. She'd listen to whatever tirade he had lined up and make it through without crumbling. As for his comments about her place in the house, she was undecided what her argument would be. Oliver looked up the instant he heard the door creak open. He waited until the door was shut again before speaking. \"Good morning. Or should I say good afternoon?\" \"It's still morning,\" Grace said, hiding her irritation with a monotone. \"Work starts early in this house.\" \"I don't take many days off. I'm entitled to start late once in a while.\" \"Not when so much was interrupted last night.\" \"I got my work done yesterday. You did not give any implications of work when you arrived home.\" \"Just sit down and get to those letters addressed accordingly.\" \"I'd rather not work in here today, sir.\" Oliver's eyes shot up again, the vein in his head making an appearance. \"I beg your pardon?\" \"I don't wish to work at the desk today. I will take the letters to the post office and fill them there.\" Ignoring her statement, he said, \"Where is 'sir' coming from.\" Still refusing to sit, Grace paced in a circle before coming to a halt again. \"Forgive me if I'm not feeling comfortable addressing you informally at the moment.\" Her voice was hard. \"A lot came into light last night.\" His voice matched. \"You're the one who started things. You expect me not to misspeak when I've just got in from a hellish day and you tell me the person I despise most is in one of my guest rooms?\" \"No. Sometimes the truth comes out in a moment of upset. You haven't stopped seeing me as your employee. I thought I meant more to you.\" \"You're pushing it right now, that's for sure,\" he mumbled under his breath. Grace shook her head. \"Then let's end things right here and now.\" \"Excuse me?\" \"I can't go on the way we have if I'm expected to live by the same rules I did before.\" \"You said you wanted to keep working.\" \"Of course I do, and in the office, I will do as I am told. Outside, I refuse to cater to your every wish. I know there was a time I would do that but things are different now. If we're going to be romantically involved things cannot remain the same.\" Standing, Oliver said, voice rising, \"Not once did I expect you to abide my my every rule. I let you get away with a hell of a lot even before Annie got here. It's sense she's come you've really pushed. I let her stay despite my wanting to send her back. I gave up work for her. I agreed to adopt her because you so wished it. I went through emotional hell asking to adopt her, having her say no, looking for her parents, and watching your friends trying to kill her. Now you're putting me through even more distress. You weren't hearing me any other way.\" \"I did hear you! I've heard you every time. I've heard Agatha every time. I have been caught in the middle of both of you even when you had no connection whatsoever. When I wasn't dealing with things at home I was dealing with things there. Only recently has visiting with her become a treat. You know how much I went through with her. I needed your support, not someone telling me what a hopeless case she was. Knowing you were angry every moment I was gone didn't help, either. I had no choice but to bring her here yesterday or I would have had to start right at the beginning with her. I didn't have it in me. Last night I needed your support and you let me down.\" \"You let me down,\" he said as she moved closer to her. \"You more than anyone should know how difficult it's been to tell you how I feel about your seeing Agatha. Cut me some slack. I'm still new at this. My eyes may have been opened but you've been so busy with Miss Hannigan that I've been in it alone.\" \"I resent that. I've spent far more time with you and Annie. I did hear you and I cut back on my time with her immensely. You've always been my first priority,\" She jabbed her finger against his chest. \"Even before you knew who Agatha was. I put my job first. I moved on from Agatha. Whether I realized it or not I kicked her to the curb and didn't look back. I was young and I grew up to regret it. What she did to Annie was unforgivable. You doubt my knowledge of this. But I wasn't so great to her in the end, either. I don't hold the blame for everything that happened but enough I knew I needed to do what I could to help. And I did help despite your discouragement.\" \"Damn it, Grace, I tried to be supportive. I think I was, too. I compromised and you know how much I hate that word. My one request was that you didn't bring her into this house. You waiting for a day I was out of town and that was the first thing you did.\" \"I didn't invite her over for tea! She was distressed and it would have been on my conscience if she took a drink along with whatever mayhem followed it. I might not know exactly what I signed but I agreed to keep an eye on her. How was I supposed to know when she would break? I would have preferred you to be home. I worried all day what your reaction would be on top of worrying about Annie and Agatha. I can't believe the ten-year-old was the most mature about the situation.\" \"Because that ten-year-old was forced to become an adult by the age of five all thanks to your buddy there. I know how rotten it is to miss your childhood. He least we can do is let her enjoy the few remaining years she has free of having to take things like a grown-up. Of course, I wouldn't expect you to be aware of these things. You're still very much a child, throwing things and whatnot.\" He turned away from her to sit back behind the desk. Grace wanted to go after him but thought better of it, not trusting either of their tempers. \"Ha! This coming from a man who's smashed more cameras than can be counted on both hands. Don't pretend you know my entire life story. You've only just started paying attention.\" \"At least I never threw it at them! That woman's surliness has rubbed off on you. This isn't the Grace I know.\" \"No, it isn't because they Grace you know was so in love with you that she did whatever she could to please him. I think this has been a wake-up call for many things. I can't be that girl forever. We've been together for over two months now. It's not going to stay the same as it was in the beginning no matter how much we want it to. So please, tell me right now if that isn't something you can handle because now is the time to decide, not five years down the road.\" \"If the 'real' Grace is going to be angry and throw fits all the time then maybe we should call it quits.\" By this point, Grace was blindly spitting words. She wasn't quite sure where she lost grasp of the initial point of this conversation. \"I apologize. It was inconsiderate of me to have one weak and immature moment. Never mind that I've taken the brunt of your temper over the years. Hardly ever did I deserve it, too. But I took it nonetheless. That was my biggest mistake, I guess. No wonder your expectations of me are so high.\" \"The only expectation I have of you is respect!\" Once again he came out from behind the desk. \"Not once have you shown me such disrespect. If one person is going to change all that then forget it all.\" \"Well, now I don't know whether you're talking about Agatha or not.\" \"Both!\" Grace covered her face with her hands trying not to scream in frustration. If she lost her cool now there would be no hope of recovery. \"Look, I can't take back anything that happened. I do apologize for hurting you. However, I can't apologize for bringing Agatha here.\" \"Then I guess there's nothing left for us to say.\" \"You're saying unless I apologize about Agatha we're through?\" \"I can't go on like this. You revealed a lot about yourself, too. You claim I'm your first priority, yet you still brought someone into my home that makes me uncomfortable. I know I've done some lousy things in my day, but never would I do such a thing to you.\" His words pained her. What pained her more was wondering if there was some truth to them. She never intended to upset him so much. But what other choice did she have in that moment? Leave Agatha dropped on the ground in the park and walk away? Should she have just taken her back to the apartment and stay there all night and explain later? Right now she could sympathize with whatever she must have felt in that moment. Now was her turn to feel lost and confused without hope shining through anywhere. What started off as a fight grew much too serious. Oliver no longer spoke with a raised voice. He was going through his own struggles and she knew she'd brushed most of them off. Finally she could see his side clear as day. The vision made her feel sick. Her breath grew faint and her voice even weaker. \"Tell Annie I'm sorry.\" Within seconds she was out of the room and heading down the hall to the stairs. The stairs led her to the front door, and then she was gone.[Chapter 44] Agatha did nothing but circle the city for hours. A few times she tried to stop for lunch but always left before ordering. She was more nervous than she expected. The hours dragged on. When at last five o'clock hit, she walked through the door to the diner with her head held high as it'd been the first time. Andy sat on one of the stools while he refilled the napkin holders. He didn't turn when he heard the door and instead waited for Agatha to approach him. \"I won't waste your time and I'll get to the point,\" she said, standing behind him. \"That would be nice.\" \"I screwed up, okay?\" she said after taking a deep breath. \"What he was talkin' about… I ain't proud of that time of my life however recent it was. I don't need reminders when I'm busting my ass to make a positive change. Having an audience didn't help, either.\" \"I can sympathize, Agatha, really. I probably would have done the same.\" \"Yeah?\" Finally turning to look at her, he nodded. \"But I'm also a businessman. I struggle every day to keep this place open. I've taken a lot of losses to keep my regulars coming even though they ain't too well off themselves. They won't come back if they don't like the help.\" \"This guy was some creep who walked in off the street. Clearly, he was funny in the head.\" \"All the more reason not to haul off on him.\" \"I apologized,\" Agatha said. \"I don't know what more to say.\" \"You were the one who wanted to keep talking.\" \"I know… I guess I lost my argument between then and now.\" \"I won't lie to you… I need the help and frankly, no one else has come through the door willing to work for your salary. They all have families. You worked hard, that much is clear.\" \"Can't I just hide if the guy comes back? He never needs to know.\" \"It's not the man I'm worried about. He's long gone, I'm sure. It's the other customers.\" \"Take whatever damage out of my pay. I'll apologize to everyone tomorrow. Please, Andy, you gotta give me another chance. I need this job. And not just for the money. I'll work whenever you need for whatever pay you can give me just as long as I make rent every month. I'll work a shift for meals. Anything. I never thought I'd say this, but I like this job. I used to hate it but it's been what's getting me through. I've been nothin' but honest with you. You gotta give me that much credit.\" \"I do, believe me.\" \"I'll work in the back. I can cook. Just give me a few reminders to start. It's been so long. Or I can wash dishes. I'll open up in the mornings before people arrive and I'll clean up once the place is closed. No one has to see me.\" \"No offense, but I'm a bit concerned by how little you're willing to work for. I know jobs are hard to come by but-\" \"I don't have it in me to search again. Not right now. I feel comfortable here. I like the people here. That's what I need more than anything. I've been doing really well. I feel stupid talking about it to someone but I need to be around people for once in my life. I dunno if it can be a permanent thing because things keep changin' without warning but for today I need to be here.\" \"If I agree, you have to promise nothing like this will happen again.\" Hoping she would be able to stay true to this, Agatha nodded. \"I promise.\" \"And if it does I will have no choice but to fire you then and there.\" \"Understandable.\" \"And as you said, you will need to make an apology at the moment. Hal doesn't need help with the cooking. I need you at the tables.\" \"Absolutely,\" she said, hoping the dread she felt wasn't coming through in her tone. Andy held out his hand. \"Then I guess this is a welcome back.\" Agatha smiled as best she could. \"Thank you. I can't tell you how much I appreciate it.\" \"Just show me through your work and behavior.\" She nodded, biting her tongue before a snide remark slipped out. She got the feeling she'd be doing this a lot more starting now. . . . Agatha got back to work right away and helped Andy close up. For the first time since the morning, she started to feel she'd made the right decision. She did this on her own. She messed up and didn't back down. She fought her own battles. As difficult a night may be ahead of her, at least she could honestly say she'd done something positive all by herself. Well, she thought, mostly. Had it not been for Grace getting her through yesterday she was sure today she'd just be recovering from a hangover. Her positive mood was short-lived. She mentioned to Andy how things seemed to be changing without warning lately. She didn't expect another one so soon. She'd stopped by the market on the way home. Upon opening her door, the bag fell to the floor in a startle at the sound of a man's voice. \"Where is she?\" When Agatha composed herself enough, hand still pressed against her chest, she looked up and saw Oliver standing before her. Ignoring his questioned, she asked one of her own. \"How the hell did you get in here? How do you even know where I live?\" \"That's not important. I want to know where Grace is. I've been calling all afternoon.\" Instantly worried, Agatha said, \"I've been at work… what happened to Grace?\" \"You're telling me you haven't been here all day?\" \"Boy, you really are infuriating.\" \"Don't start with me, Hannigan.\" His voice boomed. \"Grace must have gotten in touch with you. I just want to know where she is.\" \"What hell happened? I don't expect to hear from Grace for a while.\" \"What are you talking about?\" Kicking the bag of groceries out of the way, Agatha walked further into her apartment. \"If we keep answering each other with questions we'll be here all night. You broke into my home so you're going to answer my question first. What the hell happened ?\" Surrendering for the sake of some answers, Oliver said, \"Grace left.\" Surprised, Agatha said, \"Like… left for a breather or left with her bags packed?\" \"I thought the first. When she didn't come back after lunch I started to think otherwise.\" Anger showing again, he said, \"Are you really telling me you had no idea?\" Agatha shook her head. \"Not at all. With how we left things this morning I kept myself busy today. Not that you care at all.\" \"What happened this morning?\" \"She didn't tell you?\" \"Tell me what?\" \"Not to sound like an old married couple but we agreed not to see each other for a while. Both of us have too much going on in our lives and clearly our being friends is a problem.\" The color drained from Oliver's face. \"Do you have a chair?\" \"No, Agatha said with sarcasm. \"Those things over there are just for decoration.\" Oliver ignored her and fell into the closest one. With this, Agatha grew more concerned than ever. \"You don't look so good…\" \"She's really gone.\" \"Well, what made her leave?\" \"I… I don't think I could say right now.\" \"I got it, you're not my number one fan. But if Grace is in trouble we gotta put everything aside for a minute and figure this out.\" \"No, I mean I can't think of what happened. I don't know.\" Giving his arms a few firm pats, Agatha said, \"Snap out of it. Now think. She ain't with you and she ain't with me. Where's Annie?\" \"At home… Oh no, I'm going to have to tell her she's left.\" \"Don't rush into that yet. She couldn't have gone far.\" \"The last thing she said to me was 'tell Annie I'm sorry'.\" Agatha didn't know what to make of this given their last conversation about the child. \"Well… maybe she's… just at a hotel for the night?\" \"I cannot possibly call every single hotel in the city. What is she's under an assumed name.\" \"I gotta be honest, if that's the case, she probably doesn't wanna be found.\" Oliver shot to his feet. \"You don't think I know that!\" \"Hey, don't take this out on me. I know whatever happened between you two probably had somethin' to do with me but I'm not the pigheaded moron who said whatever it was you said to make her leave!\" \"How dare you speak to me that way.\" \"Am I wrong?\" \"You know nothing about our relationship. I don't care what she told you.\" \"Apparently not because I was certain by now you and her would have made up. If nothing else she would have given into whatever it is you want from her for the kid's sake.\" \"What are you talking about?\" \"You must'a really pissed her off to make her leave Annie without so much as an explanation. I'm surprised she'd leave you, too.\" \"She was the one who said we should end things.\" \"Who said what doesn't matter. Chances are she'll be home by morning. If not, I'd like to think she'd come and talk to me. But I really can't imagine she'd leave forever. I mean, if she didn't take anything with her she's bound to come back. She's way too sentimental to leave anything behind.\" \"I pray to God you're right.\" Agatha sighed. \"Look, Warbucks. There's bad blood between us and I know you ain't gonna want to hear anything I have to say on the matter. But I have to say that when she does come back, make up. I don't know exactly what happened. I can only assume. Whatever it was, forget your ego for once and flush your damned pride down the toilet. I've listened to her talk about you. Heaven help me, sometimes I thought she'd never stop gushing… No one is going to love you half as much as Grace loves you.\" When Oliver met her eye, Agatha could have sworn she saw his were shining with tears. \"Tell me if she comes by. Even if she tells you not to.\" \"Normally I wouldn't agree to that but you still look ill.\" Oliver nodded, saying nothing other than, \"Sorry about your groceries.\" With this, she opened and shut the door. He walked so lightly down the hall, Agatha wasn't sure he'd really gone. However, she didn't open the door to check. She was worried. She didn't have the heart to say to Oliver how unlike Grace this was. Given her emotional state last night there was no telling where she was. Annie was the biggest concern of all. Just this morning she'd mentioned the girl's fear of her leaving. For her to realize that fear wasn't good. On top of it all, she couldn't help but feel hurt Grace hadn't come to her. Two weeks passed without a sign from Grace. Naturally, everyone was concerned. Oliver put an ad in the paper reaching out to her, though it was vague. Agatha was distracted which was both a good and bad thing. She was thankful to have her job back and fortunately it was all going smoothly. Nights, of course, were the hardest given her own struggles. Perhaps she should have been more worried about Grace. But she really couldn't imagine she'd leave for good after so many years. Yet, she didn't respond to the ad and she hadn't made contact with anyone. She'd known she was stressed but never imagined how much. Going on the third week, Agatha resigned herself to the fact Grace might not come back. This was something Oliver was not accepting as easily. It never failed come six o'clock that her phone would ring. He called every day to make sure Grace hadn't come by. Truth be told, Agatha was getting tired of being asked. She'd told him time and time again that she'd let him know right away if she heard anything. Despite her annoyance and her overall dislike for the man, she didn't have the heart to tell him to stop calling. If he was speaking to her as though nothing with Annie ever happened, he must really be down. Today was no different. She got home from work around 5:45, put together whatever food she could scrounge for dinner, and then watched the phone until it rang. \"She's not here, Warbucks,\" Agatha answered. \"I have to keep trying.\" \"I know, I know. I'm just saving you the time.\" \"She hasn't even written?\" \"No,\" Agatha said, not masking her irritation well today. \"Well… thanks anyways.\" \"Wait… look, I know I've been short with you lately. I just wish you'd come to terms with what's happened.\" \"Maybe that's easy for you,\" Oliver said. \"It ain't easy but what am I gonna do? You've got connections. Hunt her down. Surprised you didn't do it from the start.\" \"I thought about it.\" \"Yeah?\" \"But she probably doesn't want to be found. I doubt she'll say two words to me if I have FBI men drag her home.\" \"True.\" \"I can't believe this all happened because I said…\" \"What?\" \"Forget it. I don't know why I'm talking to you.\" \"Because you know, like it or not, I'm the only one you can talk to about this.\" \"I loathe every minute of it.\" \"Imagine my surprise,\" Agatha said. \"…I can't believe this is all because I said she is my employee,\" he started again. \"I highly doubt that's the sole reason she walked out.\" \"If I could remember the whole damn argument maybe I'd be able to make peace.\" \"I dunno what to tell you there.\" \"I wish to hell you'd never step foot in my house.\" Having expected these words one of these days, Agatha wasn't fazed and was ready with her response. \"Don't take it out on me. Talk about being dragged… I didn't want to be there.\" \"Nevertheless, you were there.\" \"Grace made her own decisions. I never directly tried to influence her. I even told her to patch things up with you despite how rotten I thought your idea of a relationship was. And don't give me any 'what do you know' phrases. You might'a had me followed but you don't know squat about all my years.\" \"Why would you want to see us together?\" Oliver questioned. \"Because I'm not the jerk you think I am. I was when we first met. I don't deny that for a second. I was a complete idiot. But I'm in a better place now whether you want to believe it or not. I knew Grace those years ago and I knew despite her grandiose plans that what she wanted most was a family. After all these years she got that with you an Annie.\" \"If she wanted it so much why did she walk away?\" \"I keep telling you I don't know the exact reason. She was upset last I saw her. That's all I can tell ya. Last I spoke to her she sounded fine and ready to move past this ridiculous mess. What happened between then and now is beyond me. You're the only one who can figure that out.\" \"I just don't understand it.\" \"Well, you can keep wasting time asking questions you won't get answers to or you can make the best of your time while you wait.\" Oliver scoffed. \"Yeah, I'll get right on that.\" \"And I thought I liked to be miserable.\" \"You're not forced to deal with a child's emotions surrounding this. I can barely make sense of my own. This was Grace's department. But look who I'm saying this to. What do you care about her.\" \"Quite frankly, I don't care,\" Agatha said, feeding him what he wanted to hear even if there was a bit of truth in it. \"I mean, I feel bad, but I'm not up nights because of it.\" \"I don't understand what benefits Grace finds in a friendship with you. You two are worlds apart.\" \"So are you two.\" \"Not as much as yourself.\" Agatha mused, \"I wouldn't be so sure about that.\" \"What are you getting at now?\" \"We're more alike than you may want to think, Warbucks. It's really no wonder why we butt heads. I'm not saying we're from the same egg but clearly, Grace saw something good in us that we didn't see for ourselves at first glance.\" Several seconds past in silence. Just as Agatha was ready to ask if they'd been disconnected, Oliver said, \"This is irritating.\" \"What is?\" \"I think you might be onto something…\" Agatha laughed. \"Like I said, I'm not a complete idiot.\" \"I'm feeling more like the idiot these days.\" \"Yeah, a little bit.\" Impressed he'd ignored this, Agatha listened as he continued. \"I refuse to believe there is no way to convince her to come back. If not for my sake, for Annie's.\" \"Not gonna lie, the kid's your best bet.\" \"I don't know how to get a message out to her without exploiting Annie and without letting the rest of New York know every detail of our lives.\" \"Honestly, you're just gonna have to wait it out.\" \"But what if she never comes?\" \"Again, not gonna lie… there's always a chance of that.\" \"Then what the hell am I supposed to do?\" \"Seeing as you're asking me of all people I can tell you're not in a good place so I'll try to be kind about it… It doesn't matter how rich a man gets in this world, sometimes there ain't nothin' to be done. Take it from someone who has wasted years on things that could have been since she was a kid. You're gonna screw up the rest of your life if you don't snap out of it. That means hanging up the phone, spending time with your kid, and just getting back to your life.\" \"I can't get back to it. Grace played such a big part. It'll take years to find and train a new secretary to be like her. None of them will measure up, either.\" \"Are you really only thinking about how her leaving has made your job difficult?\" \"Of course not!\" \"Good,\" Agatha said. \"I had to check.\" \"My point is that I can't just go on like normal. She is my normal.\" \"I dunno what to tell you, Warbucks. Unless you want me to put on a wig and pretend to be here you're out of luck.\" \"That won't be necessary,\" Oliver said with no amusement in his tone. \"Can I hang up then? You gotta find a time to call before or after dinner.\" \"Yeah, sorry. I don't know why I've been…\" \"Spillin' your guts?\" \"Sure.\" \"Maybe next time you find someone you care about you won't take them for granted. Then you won't feel so lonely.\" \"There are two sides to this!\" Before he had a chance to yell at her any more, Agatha hung up. Another week passed. Oliver didn't call again. Agatha wondered if this was because he'd heard her when she said it was time to push forward or if she'd offended him. She assumed the latter, even though she didn't regret anything she said. Yet, for whatever reason, she felt worried about him. The feeling wasn't deep or troubling. It was more something that kept popping into her mind, nagging her from time to time. A couple times she thought about calling him herself but ultimately decided against it. Just because he'd started speaking to her didn't mean the trouble between them was gone. He wasn't himself right now. Should Grace return, Agatha was sure these past few weeks would be forgotten. Her need for her own answers was stronger than she wanted to let on. She wanted to know how Grace could up and leave without much explanation. Not even for Oliver's sake as much as Annie's. Yes, she'd been cruel to the child, but knowing Grace and knowing how angry she was at Annie's past with her parents as well as herself, she couldn't fathom how she could put the child through abandonment again. So it was quite an abandonment… she was with Oliver, but it wasn't hard to assume Annie adored Grace and vice versa. The only explanation was that Grace wasn't well off. This made Agatha feel guilty. While she knew she'd been upset the night before she took off, a big part of her brushed it off as drama. Despite the years gone by, her mind had gone back to the way she saw her in her 20s. She could recall several events where Grace overreacted to seemingly minor things. She remembered the man she's had a crush on from her work and how angry and hurt she was when Agatha dated him. She remembered how upset she was when she didn't share her excitement for Christmas. The Christmas thing she could give to her given the reasons behind the upset, but the other things boiled down to her age and immaturity. Grace had grown up in the last ten years. That was certain. But some of the old qualities were there. She was fairly naive, very stubborn, and too kind for her own good. At a glance, it was easy to think this was all some tantrum because she wasn't getting her way. A couple months ago she would have throttled her for it, too, telling her to get over herself. However, in a different light, realizing their friendship was growing in the way it could, her gut told her something was wrong. The most maddening thing about all of this was that she couldn't put her finger on what the problem was.[Chapter 45] \"Annie? Annie, love… I'm here.\" Annie's eyes opened to the feel of someone stroking her hair. It took her eyes a minute to focus through the dark, but the voice speaking to her told her all she wanted to know. \"Miss Farrell!\" Grace hugged Annie as tightly as she could without hurting her, though at that moment, Annie wouldn't have cared. She hugged back even tighter, she was sure. \"Annie… I wish I knew what to say to you.\" Her voice quivered. \"Why did you leave?\" Holding back tears of her own, Grace said, \"I wish I had a good answer for you.\" \"You promised you wouldn't leave!\" \"I know I did…\" \"Why did you break your promise?\" Knowing she was going to have to look at her face sooner or later, Grace pulled back, wiping the child's eyes with the back of her fingers. \"There's nothing I can say to explain or justify my actions. Knowing how much I let you down made it more difficult to come back… but that is no excuse.\" \"It's been almost a month.\" \"I am so sorry.\" \"Everything has been so weird without you. Daddy hasn't smiled once.\" \"I'm going to talk to him next…\" \"How do I know you won't leave again?\" Annie questioned, feeling more distant now and pulled away from Grace. Grace didn't answer right away knowing well her word meant nothing at the moment. \"I… I can only pray this doesn't happen again.\" \"You can't leave every time you have a fight!\" \"I know I can't. I wish I knew what exactly made me leave. It was more than the argument. I don't have the words to explain it. Believe me, I regretted every minute I was away from you. I know I hurt you and I have no clue how to even begin making it up to you.\" Annie sat hunched over with her arms crossed. Grace had never seen her this angry. She couldn't blame her, though. \"I just don't want you to leave again.\" \"All I can do is renew my promise… I've had a lot of time to think things over. It was incredibly selfish of me to leave. Don't think I'm not aware of this. I still have a lot I need to work out for myself and with your father. In the meantime… I need you to give me a second chance.\" \"I guess I don't have a choice,\" Annie said. \"I don't expect it to be right away. I know it will take time for you to trust me again. Other than this, I hope I haven't given you a reason not to.\" \"Suppose not…\" \"I love you very much, Annie. Really, I do. You're the reason I came home.\" \"Not at all for Daddy?\" \"I… I don't know. I guess more than I want to admit… but you're the number one reason.\" \"He says it's his fault you left.\" \"I can't put the blame on anybody but myself.\" \"I just don't get what happened. Other than all that with Miss Hannigan everythin' seemed fine.\" \"I think that was the biggest problem,\" Grace said. \"I thought everything was fine, too. All of a sudden I realized…\" She trailed, feeling herself welling up again. \"Well, it's not important now. We can talk more about it tomorrow. I need to go find your father.\" Grace kissed her forehead and started to stand up but Annie grabbed hold of her hand and pulled her back. \"Please don't leave yet.\" Knowing she couldn't deny this request, Grace said, \"Would you like me to stay here until you fall asleep?\" Annie gave a shy nod, making room for Grace to lay next to her. Grace kept an arm around Annie. Every time she was about to doze off, the child would stir and look up at her, making sure she was still there. Grace's heart went to pieces. She knew coming home wasn't going to be easy but somehow she hadn't pictured this. Then again, she was more concerned about Oliver. There was no telling what his reaction would be. Oliver didn't leave his office much anymore. For Annie and Annie alone he forced himself in the dining room for meals and occasionally took her out some evening. She was likely more upset than he was by Grace's leaving, however, she was much better at putting on a brave face. Still, her eyes reflected his sadness. He didn't want her to know how hurt he was. Anger… that was evident to everyone and most of the staff began to avoid him. Annie knew she was fortunate he never raised his voice at her. Though most hours were spent in the office, he didn't always work. It was always his goal. Somehow by nighttime he lost his motivation and ended up sitting in the silence. He missed Grace more than he thought he would. He hadn't been exaggerating when he said Grace was so much a part of his day to day life. Her missing presence changed life at the house. The staff members weren't as organized, work was mayhem… most of all he missed the reassurance she'd give him without his even realizing. There were other things he missed, too. Simpler things he'd be embarrassed to admit out loud. He missed her voice, the smell of her perfume, the way her hand felt in his… most of these things still felt new to him. Lately he found himself wishing he'd appreciated them more the last time they had a moment of peace. He knew he'd give anything for five minutes with her, even if it was to say a proper goodbye. Was this the problem? He never had a chance to stop her? Should he have chased her outside and begged her to stay? The least he could have done is ask why things escalated. He wouldn't have been so cold towards her had he known how close to the edge she was. It worried him to think where she might be. Even Agatha said it wasn't like her. He hated to acknowledge that the two were close. Given this, he was so sure Grace would have turned to her. If only he'd known of their conversation that terrible morning. All Grace needed to do was mention it and there wouldn't have been a point to keep arguing. He argued because he was hurt. He didn't believe that he was as important as Agatha. Maybe it was ignorant of him to think this way but it was the truth. He'd been with too many women early on in his career who used him. On one level he knew Grace wasn't using him, but the actions and empty promises were all too similar. He snapped. And now she would never know why he was upset with her. He drove her away like everyone else. Lost in his woes, he hadn't heard the door open nor the light footsteps halfway into the room. He hadn't noticed someone's presence in the room, not until she spoke. \"Hi, Oliver…\" He didn't look up straight away, not sure he'd really heard her. It was well after midnight and with the lack of sleep he'd had lately, it wasn't unusual for his mind to play tricks on him. When he did look up, he froze. For a minute he hadn't recognized her. She looked thinner, almost paler. Her hair wasn't styled in any way and she wore a long, thin brown dress with some sort of pattern. Tears appeared in her eyes the longer he stared. She didn't say anything more. She stood still, waiting for whatever he was going to say or do. When his thoughts finally processed, he leaped out of his chair and went to her. Nearly lifting her off the ground he hugged her, his own tears soon making an appearance. A few shaky breaths escaped him as he tried to speak. It took a while for any words to come out. \"You're here.\" \"I'm here…\" Oliver pulled back just enough to look at her. He felt her shake though she never broke her gaze. Knowing it was pointless to mask his emotions, he let his tears fall. His hands moved to her face as he said before he kissed her, \"… Thank God.\" Their lips soon parted, neither of them able to calm themselves. Oliver buried his face in her neck, letting out a sob. Grace didn't push him to speak or try to explain herself yet. It was clear he'd been holding this in for quite some time. Several minutes had passed before his voiced steadied enough to speak. Even so, it was weak. \"I don't know why I'm…\" Grace sniffed. \"You don't need to explain.\" \"I promised myself I wouldn't crumble should you come back.\" \"I made a similar promise myself.\" Unable to look at her without his emotions swell, he instead looked at his own feet, fumbling with her hands in the process. \"I don't expect you to forgive me right away,\" Grace started. The longer she put off the conversation the less would be resolved. \"I honestly don't know what to think.\" \"I can only start by telling you how sorry I am…\" Oliver shook his head, a tremble not far behind as he said with strain, \"Where have you been? It's been weeks without a trace. Why didn't you answer my ad in the paper?\" \"I wasn't in New York,\" she answered, reaching to her left to grab tissues for each of them. \"Where were you?\" \"It's a long story.\" \"I have time.\" \"Can we sit down at least? It's been all I can do to stand here.\" With a wave of his hand, he gestured to the sofa. Grace sat and she continued. \"I didn't mean to go far. I planned to go to a hotel for a few days to clear my head. Then I decided that couldn't be done in the city. There is commotion wherever you turn. So I went to the train station. I started buying a ticket to Connecticut. I figured I'd find some comfort in my old neighborhood. But I realized it might only upset me more knowing everyone I loved there is long gone… With that, I've been thinking about my sister-in-law quite a bit recently. I looked at the board and saw a train was leaving for Chicago. I could find her from there. So I went. I don't know what I was thinking having left with the little bit of money I had in my purse and no luggage. Once I was there it was either turn around and go home more confused than ever or take the chance in finding Leia. Obviously, I chose the latter. I took another train and showed up on her doorstep.\" \"And you couldn't have called from there? You said yourself you only planned to be a few days.\" Grace shook her head. \"Once I was there I started to feel so ashamed of myself. First for leaving, but then also for showing up out of the blue after all these years with my petty problems. She was understanding… she always is. I still felt bad. I mopped around for a few days and then forced myself to catch up on a more positive note. It was good to see her again. I hadn't realized how much I've missed having family around…\" \"…but?\" \"But it only made me think of what I left behind. You and Annie are my family, too. And after promising Annie I wasn't going anywhere I up leave the next morning. I know a part of her will never be able to forgive me.\" \"Good heavens,\" Oliver said, sitting up. \"Annie. You need to go tell her you're home.\" Placing a hand on his arm and pulling him back, Grace said, \"I already did.\" \"Oh?\" She bit her lip. \"I knew once I saw you I wouldn't want to walk away…\" \"You were so angry…\" \"I think I was angrier at myself… for so much.\" \"Like what?\" \"For ignoring your needs for my own. You were absolutely right. I brought someone into your home who you did not feel comfortable with. While I was hurt to think you still thought of me as your employee, even if our positions were reversed I shouldn't have brought Agatha here.\" \"I can't say if I meant those words or not anymore, but after these last three weeks… seeing you again… I know you are so much more to me.\" Grace shut her eyes long enough to compose herself before continuing her story. \"In any case, my lack of consideration scared me. I still don't know why I latched onto Agatha so much aside from having a friend outside the house. She has said enough times that she and I have nothing in common. All I can think of is that I wanted to escape something here. After all this time I still can't figure what it might be. It could be a lot. Maybe I was scared about our future as much as I've looked forward to it. Or maybe it was the realization that I'm to play the role of mother to Annie. Once she began school that started to feel more real. I love her dearly but she can be a handful. It must have been overwhelming me along with everything else on my plate.\" \"I have to take some of the blame with Annie,\" Oliver said. \"I haven't forgotten what you said the night before you left.\" \"What did I say?\" \"You accused me of dumping all of the responsibility on you.\" \"Right from the start it's what I agreed to. When I asked for her to stay I promised I would take care of her.\" \"A lot has changed since then. I don't know what the hell I'm doing in raising a child, but I do want to be a part of her upbringing — the good and the bad moments.\" \"I want it, too… I just…\" \"You what?\" Trying to hide the newly fallen tears with her hand, she finished, \"I got lost for a little while.\" Oliver guided her head to his shoulder. \"We will work everything out.' Pulling away slightly, Grace asked, \"Why haven't you yelled at me? Personal life aside, I abandoned my job for over three weeks.\" \"And I've spent every single one of those days angry. I don't want to be angry anymore.\" Staying put when he pulled her back again, she said, \"I feel like there is so much to work out.\" \"There is, but we'll do it.\" \"… I love you so much, Oliver.\" \"Are you very sure?\" He voice shook. \"I can't tell you how angry I am at myself for making you have to question it.\" \"Just promise me you'll stay… and if something like this happens again you just can talk to me. Because I love you, too. If I'm being stubborn you have my permission to hit me upside the head.\" \"I've hurt you enough.\" \"Forget it.\" \"I'm afraid I can't.\" Kissing her head, Oliver said, \"I realize we still have a lot to talk about.\" \"I'm so tired, Oliver.\" \"I can't tell. I didn't mean we need to talk right this minute.\" \"No… I don't mean the lack of sleep. I feel like I haven't slowed down in… gosh, over twenty years.\" \"What do you mean?\" Sitting up again, Grace went on. \"Do you even notice how loud the city is?\" \"Not really. Not here.\" \"There are other noises here. My sister-in-law lives in a quiet neighborhood. I actually heard crickets and those little frogs. I haven't heard those sounds since I was a teenager.\" \"What do frogs have to do with any of this?\" he questioned. \"Ever since my parents passed I've been trying to catch up to the plan I'd made for myself at sixteen. I never could. Too much changed having to leave my old home. I never got to school even though I was sure I would sooner or later. I never planned on this job. I don't regret taking it, not for a moment, but I fell into it without warning or preparation. Needless to say the work doesn't stop and it only got more demanding as the years went on. Before this I worked other, dead end, jobs. I fell into those, too. I suppose this job could be considered a dead end as well. The difference was that I liked it. I liked meeting interesting people and I liked the people in the house. I didn't know what on earth I was doing most of the time but I managed to keep up. All of it did come at a cost, though. I gave up my friends and even my family if I really think about it. I can't help but wonder if I hadn't gone so long without a visit, maybe we wouldn't have tried squeezing everything into a few days…\" \"Grace…\" Oliver cut in, knowing where she was heading. \"You don't need to say any more.\" \"I do,\" she said as she brought a hand to her eyes. \"No, you don't. I know you're upset right now but what's happened between us has nothing to do with what happened to your brother.\" \"But it does,\" she cried. \"Perhaps not directly, but it does.\" \"Go on if you must,\" he said, fishing for his handkerchief to give to her. She caught her breath before she continued. \"I've accused you in the past of burying your troubles in your work… the more I think about it the more I realize I've done the same thing. You were so good to me through that horrible mess. I thought for sure you were going to let me go, even temporarily. I'd grown very fond of you prior to the incident, but I guess between feeling helpless against my brother and his family's fate and your compassion and understanding towards me that fondness grew. But now I can't help but wonder if part of that was due to my subconscious desire for a family.\" \"You're losing me again.\" \"The accident reminded me how fleeting this life is. It can change in a second. All of a sudden I was pushing thirty. My last serious relationship was years before and I'd hardly looked at a man since. A part of me always thought I'd be able to figure a way to work and have a family. But with this job, it wasn't really possible. I wanted a child. I wanted to be a wife.\" \"But you stayed.\" Grace nodded. \"I couldn't quit then. That would mean being on my own again and starting another dead-end job and trying much too hard to find a man when the one I wanted was here.\" \"Don't get me wrong, but I kind of thought you were heading towards saying you fell for me as a reason to stay.\" \"Partly it was,\" she admitted. \"But I didn't realize it. That's not to say I wasn't crazy for you to begin with. But I guess I figured as long as what I was looking for was right here there wasn't a reason to leave. And I needed the support of my friends here at that time more than ever before as well as the distraction of work.\" \"I knew all that was upsetting to you, but I can't say I remember you becoming an emotional wreck over it. I would have noticed at that time.\" \"Again, I think I've accused you of things I've done myself. Though, not to the same extent. I kept to myself once I was home. I pushed through and ignored a lot of what I was feeling.\" \"So that's why you suggested inviting an orphan here.\" \"I suppose it was. Honest, I never expected to get so attached. But it wasn't only Annie… I was finally seeing who I always thought you could be. Even if it was just a glimmer. I knew the minute she went back you'd be back to your old self. I didn't want to see either of you leave.\" Oliver chuckled. \"I'm sure by now you've realized my agreeing to let her stay wasn't so much for her benefit… I wanted to make you happy.\" Grace smiled, albeit, weakly. \"And I'm so glad of it.\" \"I am, too. More than I expected.\" \"I'm so grateful for her being here. And I wish I hadn't gotten so distracted by Agatha. I know I missed out on quite a bit.\" \"I should have been more supportive,\" he said. \"No, you shouldn't have. You have every reason to resent her want to keep her away from Annie. I should have thought the same. I was being selfish. Not only in spending time with her but also for not respecting your feelings. I guess I like things going my way more than I realized.\" \"Another similarity?\" \"I never saw it coming.\" \"I wish you had told me all this was going on. I know I'm not great at the whole emotional thing but I would have tried.\" \"That's the problem,\" she said. \"I wasn't aware of it myself until I snapped. It scares me to know I'm wired this way.\" \"None of that matters now. I told you, we will figure this all out. Maybe not tonight or even tomorrow, but we will.\" Fiddling with the buttons on his shirt, she said, \"I'm so afraid to disappoint you… again.\" \"You didn't disappoint me.\" He tipped his head down to brush his lips against her fingers. \"You scared the hell out of me.\" \"I'm so sorry.\" \"I can see that.\" \"You forgive me?\" \"Call me crazy but I do. Maybe I shouldn't this fast… I'm too happy you're home.\" \"You've taken it better than Annie.\" \"What happened with Annie?\" \"She's angry with me and is only giving me a second chance because she feels she has to.\" \"That's strange.\" \"How so?\" Oliver shrugged. \"Just that her attitude has been the complete opposite of mine. But I guess where I've been letting out any bitter feelings this entire time she hasn't.\" \"I'll never be able to forgive myself for this.\" Retaking her hands, Oliver said, \"I'm not going to lie. You shook both of us up. And I think that's because you've been the only stable thing in either of our lives. Heaven knows I've run hot and cold with her from the start. It may take a little while for things to go back to normal.\" \"I figured.\" \"We all have to rebuild trust with each other.\" \"You've never given me a reason not to trust you.\" \"Sure I have. Plenty. Take what happened with Miss Hannigan. You trusted you could come to me with a problem and I exploded.\" \"As did I. And I've already said you had every right to react the way you did.\" \"Does it really matter anymore?\" he asked. \"We're both sorry and we both want to move on.\" \"I do… so much.\" \"I don't have the energy to talk any more about it tonight. I imagine tomorrow will be a long day for all of us.\" \"Again, I figured.\" \"Why don't you call Miss Hannigan, tell her you're home, then try to get some sleep. I don't think you'll be surprised when I say I had to look twice to make sure it was you who'd come in. When was the last time you've had a proper meal.\" \"I thought it was the outfit. I didn't bring any clothes with me when I left. Leia had some old… Agatha? How does she know I left?\" Tending up, Oliver said, \"I, um… Naturally, I assumed under the circumstances you'd gone to her.\" \"Oh dear…\" \"I went to her apartment but she insisted she didn't know. I had to believe her. Actually, uh, I kind of… hounded her a bit. Not because I thought she was lying but because I thought maybe you would show up.\" \"Oh, Oliver…\" \"She told me that you two weren't planning to spend time together for a while.\" \"Yes.\" \"Why didn't you tell me?\" \"Because… I was scared.\" \"To tell me that?\" \"I was confused. I really believed you still saw me as your staff. I can't say now if that was ridiculous or not, but I was afraid your demeanor would change once you knew it. At that moment I wanted the truth. I got more than I bargained for.\" \"I have to tell you, that morning's become a blur.\" Choking back more cries, she said, \"I wish it would for me, too.\" \"All right, we're through talking about this tonight.\" Letting go of her hands with a kiss, Oliver stood. Walking over to the desk he reached for the phone. \"Let her know you're home. I owe that much to hear by now.\" Standing as well, Grace followed. When she took the receiver from him, she promptly set it down. \"It's late.\" \"She'll be happy to know you're safe.\" \"I'm sure,\" she said as she wrapped her arms around his neck. \"But it's a call that can wait until morning. I know I got my priorities mixed up, and I know it's inappropriate, but as dear a friend as I consider her, you come first.\" Not about to argue, Oliver rested his forehead against hers. \"I love you, Grace.\" \"And I love you.\"[Chapter 46] The next afternoon, Agatha found herself trudging through the workday. It hadn't been necessarily bad give or take a couple unpleasant customers. Last night was rough. She couldn't sleep and that urge for a drink was running strong again. She wasn't sure why. Unless everything with Grace was hitting her harder than she could admit even to herself. Overall, though, her life hadn't changed much because of it. Perhaps Oliver wasn't as thirsty for her blood anymore, but Grace's absence hadn't made much difference. Nonetheless, when she saw her walk through the door of the diner, everything else was forgotten. \"Grace?\" A slight smile on her face, Grace nodded. Tossing her tray on the counter, Agatha walked over to hug her. Realizing the gesture, she quickly composed herself, straightening her apron. \"Where the hell have you been the past few weeks?\" \"I've been asked that question a lot in the past twelve hours.\" \"That's not an answer. You had everyone so worried.\" \"I got here earlier than I expected. Oliver told me you were working here. I was hoping to catch you at closing.\" \"Only half an hour away. Why don't you eat something? You're lookin' kinda scrawny. For you, anyway.\" Grace rolled her eyes. \"Thanks for that. No, I'm not very hungry.\" \"A cup of coffee?\" \"That I will take.\" Grace didn't say much while she waiting for Agatha to finish work. She sat at the counter sipping her coffee, watching her go back and forth from the kitchen and the dining area. Part of her was thankful for some extra time to think of what to say to her. Having been so preoccupied with Oliver, it never occurred to her she'd have to explain herself to Agatha. Then again, it wasn't until she returned home she learned Agatha was aware of the situation. She never would have guessed Oliver would go to her. Five o'clock came and Agatha wasted no time closing up. She was thankful Andy wasn't here today. She could clean at her own pace. \"Another coffee before I turn everything off?\" \"No, thank you.\" Sitting on the stool next to Grace, Agatha said, \"Okay, then tell me what the hell happened to you.\" \"I don't have it in me to tell the entire story again.\" \"Then what's the short version?\" \"I went to visit Leia… more or less.\" \"That's it?\" \"Not really. I ran away, I guess. I don't know what got into me. One minute I was fighting with Oliver and before I knew it I was on a train.\" \"I get needing to cool down but three weeks? It ain't like you.\" \"I know it isn't,\" Grace said, \"and that's what made it so difficult to come back.\" \"I thought you said you hadn't talked to Leia in forever?\" \"I hadn't really. So I guess I was being selfish in every way imaginable. This isn't an excuse, but I got so overwhelmed. I didn't realize it until it was too late.\" \"How did Warbucks take it?\" Agatha had to ask. \"Much too well… he's been nothing be kind to me. I can tell he's hurt, though. That isn't going to go away anytime soon. And neither is Annie's. I don't expect them to forgive and forget, either.\" \"I dunno what runs through his head but believe me, he was going mad without you.\" \"So I've heard.\" \"It's only recently he stopped calling.\" Grace shook her head. \"I'm sorry, Agatha.\" With a wave of her hand, she said, \"Don't be. Better than the alternative.\" \"He told me to thank you for your ear.\" \"So just like that we're cool?\" Grace shrugged. \"I guess so… but-\" Cutting in, Agatha said, \"Knew it.\" \"No, this doesn't have to do with Oliver. Or rather, it didn't come from him…\" \"Well, get on with it.\" \"The arrangement you and I worked out before… I think we should stick to it for a little while. It doesn't have to be strict. I'm not looking to cut you out of my life. Right now I really need to put my focus on Annie and Oliver as well as my job. But even then Oliver suggested I take a break until I recoup.\" \"Wow.\" \"My thoughts exactly,\" she half-laughed. \"The only reason I was able to stop by this afternoon was because Annie has a dance class. I'm picking her up when I leave here.\" \"So, you leave for like a month then get to retire?\" \"I'm not a retirement or resignation. He keeps saying I look ill. I'll admit I'm exhausted but I've worked through sleepless nights many times. He won't believe me when I say I'm fine. Or as fine as I can be given everything that's happened.\" Agatha scoffed. \"I know for a fact that you're not 'fine'.\" \"I beg your pardon?\" \"He's right, ya know. I already said you're lookin' scrawny. And your eyes.\" \"What's wrong with my eyes?\" Grace questioned, bringing a hand up to her face. \"Any darker and it'll look like someone hit you.\" \"Happens with lack of sleep.\" Agatha sat back, giving her a good look-over. \"You're pretty antsy, too. How many cups of coffee have you had today?\" \"That doesn't matter.\" \"How many?\" she asked again. \"…I've lost count.\" \"Someone who's fine doesn't do that. Take it from someone who knows. Just be glad it's caffeine and nothin' else.\" Grace looked up at Agatha who now stood over her. Shaking her head, she then focused on her hands. \"It's been a long few weeks, all right. You can't come home and expect everything to pick up where it left off.\" \"Things didn't end so hot,\" Agatha said. \"You of all people shouldn't be badgering me about this.\" \"Maybe not,\" Agatha sat down again. \"But I've also never been half as put together as you. When you're not okay, it matters.\" Once more, Grace shook her head, tears lingering in her eyes. \"Maybe if my mood didn't make or break people I would be a little better off.\" \"And sounds like Warbucks knows that.\" \"It's all so embarrassing. Not so much with Oliver or you. Annie is too young to really understand as much as profoundly as she thinks sometimes. But all day the staff has been staring at me. They're supposed to be friends, at least the ones I often cross paths with. None of them have approached me. Not even Mrs. Greer or Mrs. Pugh. Punjab is the only one who offered anything to say.\" Agatha shrugged. \"Probably because you ain't their co-worker or whatever the hell the positions are anymore. You're on your way to becoming the lady of the house. As much as you want it too it ain't gonna stay the same.\" \"But I haven't changed… at least, I haven't meant to.\" \"You're gonna change, Grace. It can't be helped. They're still your friends but it might be weird around more personal natures. I'm sure they're aware of the arguments leading up to it. They knew I was there and knew I wasn't welcome.\" \"It just feels strange. I don't think I'm better than them. I don't like giving them orders that don't come from Oliver. And I avoid it at all costs unless it's about Annie.\" \"No use fightin' it, kid. You're gonna wear yourself out. But I guess you already have.\" Grace was quiet a moment before she spoke again. \"How did everything get so out of control without my realizing? I pride myself on keeping organized and on top of things.\" \"Add like three dozen other kids in the mix and you'll get to where I was at the orphanage. It ain't all at once but when it hits? Yowza.\" \"Are you saying this all happened because of Annie?\" Agatha shrugged. \"Yeah, I think so.\" Grace stood up in defense. \"She's brought nothing but joy to us.\" \"Calm down, I ain't sayin' that. I'm sayin' kids are a lot of work and it sneaks up to you. I might not be good with kids but you can't say I don't know them.\" \"But for the most part, Annie is a breeze. I can't imagine she's the reason I lost it. I think it's all the changes with Oliver and starting a new phase of my life while still hanging on to the past. Looking back this has been building up for years.\" \"Probably has,\" Agatha said. \"My point is that kids add a lotta responsibility to your plate. I couldn't handle it. You can.\" Grace scoffed. \"Yeah. I was really responsible leaving her without an explanation or goodbye — and after promising not to.\" \"You got the space you needed and now you're back.\" \"It was irresponsible,\" Grace said. \"I have an obligation to her. No, I didn't dump her on the side of the street. Emotionally, I let her down.\" \"You'll work through it. You always did.\" \"I know I will,\" she said as she sat again. \"What scares me is that it could happen again. There was no warning. How will I know I need to take a breather?\" \"I dunno. You're more aware now and so is Warbucks.\" \"This isn't his responsibility.\" \"Sure it is.\" \"I don't want it to be. I can handle myself.\" \"Can you?\" Grace was silent. \"I gotta tell you… and listen good 'cause I ain't admitting this again. You were right a few months back. I needed help. No matter how much I insisted I didn't need you… I did. I probably still do. But now it's your turn to lean on someone for a while. It doesn't matter if that person is me or Warbucks or whoever else. You gotta quit trying to take care of everything yourself. Keep this up and you'll put yourself into an early grave. Or worse, you'll turn to other things to mask your problems like I did. It's lousy breaking that habit, you have no idea.\" Resting her shoulder on the counter, discreetly brushing the tears that slipped through her eyes away, Grace pondered her words. Letting several seconds pass first, she then said, \"I feel we've switched places.\" Agatha laughed. \"Guess we have a little bit. I just don't wanna see you end up like me. I guess you'll always be a little better off, but what you say you've been feeling… that's how it all started for me. I never had anyone to guide me through it. Not to say I'm of any real help but I just wanna warn you. Don't be stubborn about this.\" \"Am I really so bad off? No offense, but last we talked you weren't much better.\" \"You actually helped keep me distracted. Well, between you and Warbucks. But I have to say, it felt kinda good to be the sane one for once.\" \"What did Oliver do exactly?\" Grace asked, not sure if she really wanted to know the answer. \"He only came over that first day, then he called. Might've been a bit harsh with him last time we talked.\" \"How so?\" \"Maybe it was none of my business but I told him something along the lines of learning to appreciate what he's got when he's got it.\" \"That actually explains a lot,\" Grace said. \"Why? What'd he do?\" \"Just the way he's taken everything. He hasn't even raised his voice at me. That's rare for him even now.\" \"You'd rather him yell at you?\" Agatha questioned. \"Kind of? At least I'd know it was out of his system instead of building up.\" \"Or maybe he's just happy to have you home?\" \"I hope… it just seems too good to be true.\" \"Even if he pops at least you know it's coming. I highly doubt he'll end things if he didn't when you go back. \"No, I suppose not.\" \"Relax then. Take the time off and take a breather.\" \"I suppose I don't have any other choice,\" Grace sighed. \"I usually love my job… but I'm kind of relieved.\" \"Ready for the housewife gig, huh?\" \"I think I am,\" Grace said. \"Speaking of which… I know the last time we talked we agreed not to spend so much time together.\" \"Still goes,\" Agatha finished. \"What?\" \"I think I'm doin' okay striking out on my own. I got my job back, didn't I?\" \"I'm proud of you.\" \"Don't be. I've felt in control and that's what I needed. No offense.\" \"None taken. I do need to put my focus on Annie and Oliver now more than ever.\" \"And that's where you need to be. But… you know… maybe you can pop in for lunch once in a while?\" Grace smiled. \"I see no harm in that. And perhaps even a phone call — and not only when things are bad.\" \"I do have one question though.\" \"What's that?\" \"Warbucks still want my head?\" With a slight laugh, Grace patted Agatha's arm. \"No, I don't believe so. I think he will always have a hard time with what happened to Annie, and maybe it's wrong of me not to feel the same resentment, but maybe through this he's seen you're not the same person you were at the beginning of summer.\" \"To tell you the truth,\" Agatha started. \"I judge you for letting me off the hook.\" \"I didn't let you off the hook.\" \"I consider doin' me a bunch of favors and treating me like a person, more or less, letting me off the hook.\" \"You know it's only because I know the real you. Not the bitter matron of an orphanage.\" \"It's nice to know one person has faith in me.\" Grace smiled again. \"I'll never be able to repay you for that. Not even gonna try.\" \"Good, because I don't want to be repaid. It's not like I pulled you out of a burning building. I set limits out of frustration. That's it.\" \"Well, whatever you did it's what I needed. I'm not great, but I'm not terrible.\" The two then stood in silence, knowing there was nothing left to say.[Chapter 47] Life carried on for both Agatha and Grace. Grace made it a point to visit the diner every other week or so to catch up. Agatha had her ups and downs fighting off her alcohol cravings — something that became increasingly more difficult when prohibition ended in December. Grace came to her in fear that day, scared that she would find justification in the legalization. What kept Agatha grounded was the thought of the hell she went through with the early days of quitting. Never again did she want to feel so indebted to a drink. Christmas was around the corner. Assuming Grace was still the Christmas fanatic she used to be, Agatha didn't expect to see her until the New Year. Oddly, she was fine with this. Christmas dread was strong in the orphanage aside from the extra donations she could dip into. What surprised her was the lack of guilt in hindsight. Yeah, she felt bad. But that part of her life was over. She was determined to enter the New Year at least somewhat recovered and that wouldn't happen dwelling on holidays past. Christmas would be quiet just like Thanksgiving. The only improvement would be working at the diner Christmas Eve. By now her incident with that man a few months back had mostly blown over. She regained acquaintances with regular customers, a couple of whom were impressed by her actions, she came to find out. She really was okay, just as she continued to tell Grace. Deep down she knew she'd never be much more, however, it was better than most of her years come and gone. Things were calm. That's all she cared about. A higher paying job would be nice. Then again, she'd come to feel at home at the diner. The same couldn't be said about an empty apartment. The weeks before Christmas came and went. The only word from Grace was a Christmas card in the mail saying they should meet for lunch before the first of the year. Agatha, though appreciated being remembered, didn't hold much stock in Grace following through. After years of hearing the children whine about wanting a real Christmas, she was sure Annie would keep her busy until Easter. So when Grace showed up at her apartment on the twenty-seventh she was completely unprepared. \"It's so good to see you!\" Grace smiled. Right away Agatha knew her Christmas high had yet to dissipate. \"Crap, I was supposed to get you a present?\" Agatha said upon seeing the wrapped box in Grace's arms. Making her way inside, Grace replied, \"Don't worry, I didn't expect one.\" \"But now it makes me look bad,\" Agatha said. \"I know this isn't your time of year. Just accept it, okay?\" \"Fine, fine. Thank you. I'll open it later.\" Sitting down on the sofa, Grace changed the subject. \"I apologize for not being around much. I've been busy.\" Agatha sat with her. \"Figured.\" \"I hope you weren't by yourself these past few days.\" \"Only Christmas which I was fine with. Actually made myself a decent dinner for a change.\" \"I'm glad to hear it.\" Noticing Grace's unusually large smile hadn't left her face. Agatha asked, \"Is there something you want to tell me?\" \"Oh… I wanted to wait until we caught up first.\" \"Just tell me now. Ya look like a loon.\" Suppressing an eye roll, Grace held out her hand. \"Oliver proposed!\" \"Look at that thing!\" Agatha gasped, yanking Grace's wrist. Grace laughed. \"I should have expected that to be your first reaction.\" \"No, I mean, I'm happy for you. But to tell you the truth I'd be happy with a fraction of that ring.\" \"Someday.\" Agatha scoffed. \"Let's not ruin a good moment.\" \"You'll find someone.\" \"I mean it, Grace. I don't want to hear it.\" \"All right, if you insist.\" \"So, how'd he ask you?\" \"To tell you the truth… he asked me a while ago.\" \"How come you're only telling me now?\" \"Everything got so hectic when I came home from Leia's.\" \"No kidding.\" \"He has asked me shortly after. I didn't officially accept because I was afraid he was letting emotions get in the way. Apparently he'd been planning to pop the question before that terrible argument. One of the surrounding days, anyway. The ring was purchased and everything. He gave it to me when he asked. I wore sometimes when we were alone but we there was still too much up in the air to announce anything. He was still afraid I was going to leave again, though, he refused to say as much. Annie was angry with me for weeks and I wasn't quite sure how everything would end. With all the excitement around Christmas, I decided to officially accept.\" \"Man, you really get every break, you know that?\" \"Don't think it was easy. Oliver and I still aren't quite where we were before I left. Getting there but there is still quite a ways to go.\" \"Still. If that'd happened to anyone else things would'a gone differently. You're getting a husband out of it.\" \"I'm glad I'm not as pessimistic as you. It was going to happen either way.\" \"I ain't being pessimistic. I'm being realistic.\" \"Let's agree to disagree. I want to celebrate today. I made reservations for dinner in an hour.\" Looking at her watch, Agatha said, \"It's not even four yet.\" \"I know,\" Grace said as she stood, \"but Molly's been staying over the past couple days and I'm bringing her home tonight. Oliver is getting ready for a meeting in Washington so he can't bring her.\" \"Don't you have drivers?\" \"Yes, but I do enjoy the mother role and the chores that come with it.\" \"Why am I not surprised?\" \"Before we leave, can I ask you something?\" \"Yeah?\" Agatha answered. \"Oliver and I have already agreed to keep the ceremony and party low key so it's not going to be this grand and lavish event. In any case, I was hoping you'd like to be my maid of honor?\" \"Um…\" Her body stiffened. \"I'm invited?\" \"Of course you are,\" Grace said. \"Are you forgetting how much that fiancé of yours despises me?\" Coming back around to the couch, hanging Agatha a coat, Grace said, \"A lot has changed. Oliver appreciates what you did while I was away.\" \"All he did was whine to me over the phone.\" \"It still meant a lot. I've already talked to him about this and he is okay with it. Being at work and home more has made such a difference.\" \"I dunno, Grace… the whole thing makes me feel kinda uncomfortable. I'm mean, you're gonna have all your upper-class society friends around. How am I gonna look next to them?\" \"None of that matters. As of right now we only have a handful of guest selected. Leia, Matthew perhaps, a few of Oliver's colleagues and associates, Annie and her friends, the president and First Lady-\" \"Whoa, whoa, whoa. You're inviting me to the same part as the President of the United States.\" \"Agatha, you need to stop considering yourself below everyone else. You most certainly can be in the same room as the Roosevelts.\" Rising to her feet, Agatha said, \"Not if those kids from the orphanage are gonna be there. I pressed my luck with Annie. I'm not willing to face the others.\" \"I don't know how many of those girls will be attending. Molly and Kate for sure but I don't know who else yet. She's made friends at school. They're going to be so busy running around and eating cake they aren't going to pay much attention to any of us adults.\" \"Understand how awkward this will be for me. If things were different, yeah, of course I'd be there. But the fact is that I don't have a good history with most of the people there. If they don't know me personally they read about me in the papers.\" \"It's been months since that all happened and will be a few more until the wedding. You're my friend. I want you to be there.\" \"I'll think about it. That's the best you're getting from me right now.\" With a frown, Grace said, \"Well, I suppose it will have to do for now.\" Agatha didn't sleep much that night. She felt guilty for being less than enthusiastic about the wedding. She meant it when she said she was happy for her. She figured she wasn't blown away by the news given its inevitability. And was she wrong not wanting to face her past again? Maybe if they weren't children it wouldn't be so bad. What would she do at what promised to be a classy event anyhow? She wasn't bred that way nor did she have any desire to learn. Who would she talk to? Grace would be occupied with all of the guests. She couldn't see herself mingling with the leader of this country. Her best bet would be the waiters and even they would be too busy for any kind of conversation. She'd grown comfortable in her small social group at the diner. The idea of anything more exhausted her. Everything inside her told her to decline and stay far away from Grace until the I dos were said. Everything aside from her conscience… what a time for that to make an appearance. Unable to bear the tossing and turning any longer, Agatha climbed out of bed and searched for the phone. She dialed, not quite sure of the purpose for this call. Nevertheless, she stayed on the line as it rang. After several seconds, a weary Grace answered on the other end. \"Hello?\" \"It's Agatha.\" \"What… What time is it?\" \"Late. What does it matter?\" \"Is there an emergency? I have an early meeting in the morning.\" \"Not really an emergency… I just can't stop thinking about what we talked about earlier.\" \"What did we talk about earlier?\" \"The wedding.\" Grace grumbled. \"Can we please talk about that later? You don't have to make a decision right now.\" \"I can't sleep. I don't want you thinking I don't want to be there.\" \"I know you want to. I'm not putting any pressure on you. Yes, I was disappointed by your immediate answer but I do understand why you're hesitant. Now please, relax and let us both get some sleep.\" Ignoring her, Agatha continued. \"I just don't belong there. I can't afford a fancy dress or a lavish gift. The kids'll probably put a dead mouse on my plate and start getting their revenge. My being there could ruin the whole day for you.\" \"Agatha, please, it's the middle of the night. I get it and I appreciate your concern. I promise you the next time we have lunch we can talk about everything in full. We can even make a day of it when Oliver is in Washington. Now I beg of you to hang up and get some sleep.\" \"I just feel so guilty. I'm not used to this.\" \"There's nothing to feel guilty about. I won't be angry with you if you're not there. Goodnight, Agatha.\" Before Agatha could add anything else she heard the click of Grace's reviver. Hanging up herself, Agatha took a deep breath. Her words came of little comfort. For some reason, she'd expected a resolution tonight. \"Well,\" she said to herself as she went back to bed. \"Guess I'm gonna crash a wedding.\"[Chapter 48] 1934 A couple months passed. Agatha had yet to confirm or decline Grace's request. Though she had mostly settled on putting on a brave face and pushing through the day she couldn't bring herself to say as much to Grace. The second she did she would be trapped. Naturally, as the wedding day grew closer, this aggravated Grace. \"Agatha, I've given you more than enough time to make a decision. I need to know if you're coming or not.\" Focusing on her plate, Agatha replied, \"I'm not ready to answer yet.\" \"You're not being fair to me. The wedding is next month. I need to order your dress and dinner, figure out seating arrangements… I've tried to be patient and understanding but I'm going to have to insist on an answer by next week.\" \"Clearly you don't get how weird it all is for me.\" Not hiding her frustration, Grace said, \"Then don't come. I've told you countless times I won't be angry.\" \"But I want to be there.\" \"You're the only one who can make this decision.\" Agatha groaned. \"I just wish I knew how everyone was gonna react to my being there.\" \"You're going to be another guest. Call me vain, but I think most of the attention will be on Oliver and myself.\" \"It's not the ceremony I'm worried about.\" \"Then come to that and not the party.\" Agatha paused before speaking again. \"That's not the worst idea.\" \"There you go.\" \"You won't think less of me?\" \"Of course not,\" Grace said. \"Why would I want you to feel uncomfortable?\" \"Because I know how long you've been waiting for this day. And knowing you, you probably have some perfect vision of it. I don't want to be the reason it's ruined.\" \"Agatha… any perfect visions of my future left when I did. I'm still not quite back on my feet.\" \"What does it matter? You came back and you've been back.\" \"Doesn't mean it solved all my problems. You should know.\" \"I hope you're not comparing my drinking to whatever it was that happened to you.\" \"I'm not saying it's exactly the same situation. There are different ways to lose your way. My point is you don't bounce back overnight.\" \"It still ain't the same.\" \"Fine. I'm just glad I finally have an answer. I'll order your dress right away. And don't worry, I fully intend to pay for it.\" \"Damn straight,\" Agatha said. \"And if you change your mind about the party I'll be sure to have a dinner ready for you.\" \"Don't hold your breath.\" \"Still, it's an option.\" Agatha nodded, knowing she wouldn't be making a decision until the day of the wedding. \"Grace?\" Oliver turned the overhead lights on in the office. \"What are you doing in here so late?\" Without looking up from her notebook, Grace said, \"Now that I know Agatha will be attending the ceremony I can finally tie up all the loose ends.\" \"I see.\" \"Are you sure you're okay with Agatha being there? You seem fairly stoic whenever I mention her.\" \"We've talked about this. I can't pretend she's my favorite person. But I know she's your friend and you want her there. That's more important to me. That and Annie being fine with it.\" \"You're wonderful.\" Wanting to get away from the subject, Oliver said, \"Seems like whenever I see you you're working on some wedding detail.\" He walked over to the desk where she was sitting, going around back to look over her shoulder. \"How much more can there be?\" \"It takes a lot of time to plan a wedding.\" \"We aren't even renting a hall. We're going straight from the church to here. We have a crew hired who will take care of the fine details as they're setting up. It's high time you relax.\" \"I'm only getting one wedding, Oliver,\" she said, finally looking up at him. \"I want it to go off without a hitch.\" Bending down to kiss her, he then said, \"I know. But I'd like to lift your veil and see you bright-eyed and smiling, not half asleep and wishing the priest would hurry up.\" \"I promise you no matter how tired I am I will be bright-eyed and smiling. You know how excited I am.\" \"I know,\" he smiled. \"The planning will calm down soon enough. The dresses will come in in a couple weeks and I'll give my final say in the flower arrangements the week before. Mrs. Pugh has prepared the menu and will be selecting the staff herself.\" \"You never cease to amaze me.\" \"I've planned dozens of parties during my time here. While this one does require a bit more preparation and personal feelings can overwhelm me from time to time, I think I'm handling it okay.\" Oliver winked. \"Let's see if you're singing the same tune the week before the wedding.\" Grace chuckled. \"I reserve the right to be a complete mess during that time.\" Standing, she finished, \"It's one of the perks of being the bride.\" \"Ah,\" he said, wrapping his arms around her waist. \"And what perks does the groom get?\" A devious look crossed her eyes. \"You get to pay for it.\" \"I hope you mean financially.\" Grace concluded with a shrug. \"Mostly.\" As time went on, Agatha grew more comfortable with the idea of attending the ceremony. Sure, there would be rehearsals but there wouldn't be much time to socialize. Not if she showed up right on time and left as soon it was over, that is. Though, when the question came up about the rehearsal dinner, this regenerated Agatha's apprehensions. The thought never crossed her mind. Granted, she'd never been to a wedding before, let alone be a maid of honor. Just as she'd wanted to avoid, she was tapped. By now she couldn't say as much to Grace. The dinner was in less than twenty-four hours and last she spoke to her she was irritated with outside confrontations. \"The dress fits?\" \"Yes.\" \"You have a hair appointment the morning before the wedding?\" \"Yes.\" \"You remember the wedding is at three?\" \"Yes, Grace, I remember the wedding is at three.\" \"I'm babbling, aren't I?\" Grace asked in an apologetic tone. \"You could say that, yeah.\" Shaking her head and closing her notebook, she said, \"I'm sorry. I'm feeling jitterier than I expected. Nothing has gone wrong yet. I think that's it. The closer it gets the less time there is to deal with a crisis.\" Agatha took hold of Grace's shoulders. \"There ain't going to be a crisis. It's a private wedding. Even if some catastrophe does happen who's gonna know?\" \"I know it's corny to say I want everything to be perfect but I do. I waited so long for Oliver.\" \"All the more reason to wish it over. Get on with your life together.\" \"Yes, but I want to celebrate it, first.\" \"Look at it this way. Nothing's gonna go wrong at the church unless someone so desperately doesn't want you two to marry. As for the party, you got control over it all. You're going to be at your home.\" \"I suppose you do have a point.\" \"See? Now relax. Soon enough it'll be over and you'll be living it up in Europe.\" Grace smiled. \"Yes, I am looking forward to a vacation.\" \"Still can't believe you're bringin' the kid with you,\" Agatha said, moving over to the mirror to see how ridiculous she looked in her bridesmaid dress. \"It's her spring vacation.\" \"It's your honeymoon .\" \"Naturally Punjab and the Asp will be along. They've agreed to keep her busy when we'd like to be left alone.\" A slight laughed escaped. \"You don't know what you're gettin' yourself into. I might not have had a honeymoon but back when I was dating I knew Rooster got in the way of so much as a goodnight kiss.\" \"We are perfectly aware that it's not going to be a traditional honeymoon.\" \"I'd think you'd wanna make up for lost time.\" \"In a way, yes. But there's lost time with Annie as well. It hasn't been a year yet but already I can see how much of her childhood we really did miss. There will always be time for me an Oliver. Annie will have a life of her own before we know it.\" \"Man, I'd make a lousy mother.\" \"I tell you, even though I've always wanted a child, there are definitely some things you'd never expect yourself to be capable of until you're put in the situation.\" \"Like what?\" \"Staying up all night when they're throwing up all over the place, arguing with them over the rules they break, worrying yourself sick about them every day and night…\" \"You can have it.\" \"Come on, Agatha. You really never gave a child of your own a thought?\" \"Annie and her little friends can vouch for me. I am not meant to be a mother.\" \"Running an orphanage is different than being a mother. A mother doesn't get thrown into a building of three-hundred girls and come out unscathed. It takes time to grow into. I'm sure if Oliver and I have a baby I'm in for many more surprises.\" \"Doesn't make a difference what you say. I'm glad I'm never going to be a mother.\" \"You might be surprised?\" \"By the time I meet a man crazy enough to fall for me I'll be too old.\" Tired of being on her feet, Grace leaned against the back of the couch. \"You haven't met anyone at work?\" \"Not romantically,\" Agatha answered. \"Yeah, sure, a couple of the guys flirt but almost all of them are married.\" \"What about the unmarried ones?\" \"Typical newlywed. Tryin' to set up all her single friends now that she's married.\" \"Hey, I'm not married yet.\" \"Close enough,\" Agatha said. \"I'm not setting you up. Believe me, if I knew any single men I'd be sending them your way.\" \"Please God, no. The last thing I need is your society folk sent on a blind date with me.\" Standing up straight again, Grace said, \"I wish you'd stop putting yourself down so much. You don't give yourself any credit for anything positive.\" \"I'm not exactly any man's dream woman. Middle-aged, working a crummy job at odd hours, and absolutely no desire to have or start a family. On top of that on a whiff of booze and I become a slobbering mess.\" \"Or instead you could say you're mature, have a job despite the financial crisis, and you haven't met the right person yet.\" Sticking out her tongue and making a gagging noise, Agatha said, \"Why the hell am I friends with you?\" Grace rolled her eyes. \"Because deep down you know I'm right.\" Agatha had to grin. Maybe Grace wasn't so far off from the truth no matter how badly she didn't want to admit it. \"Whatever,\" she then said. \"Can we get this dress off of me now? I know you want it to be perfect and all but I look like a stick of fairy floss.\"[Chapter 49] \"I now pronounce you man and wife. You may kiss the bride.\" As Grace took the first step into married life, Agatha breathed a sigh of relief. It was over. She could step down and away from all these people, get out of this stuffy dress, and take a long nap. She made it through. Grace was happy and so was she. Happy enough, anyway. She'd be happy as soon as she walked into her apartment. Agatha stood to the side and waited for the guests to load into their cars and limos. Very few of them walked. A few times she thought people were going to stop to talk to her. She was relieved when nothing went beyond a polite hello and nod of their head. Her eye caught Grace saying goodbye to a couple before walking over to her and Oliver's limousine. It was funny seeing her in a white gown on the arm of the richest man in the world. What was even funnier to think was that she was part of the reason they were married in the first place. If she hadn't pushed her to get this job the two never would have met. None of this would have happened. She wondered what life would have been like if Grace hadn't moved on. Would they have spent the past years in good friendship? Or was some kind of falling out inevitable? Either way, in the greater scheme, she supposed things hadn't turned out so bad. Yes, she could have lived without an alcohol addiction and everything that happened with Rooster and at the orphanage. But things seemed kind of calm as of late. It was nice. With the events of today, though, she was finding it easier to admit that she was lonelier than she had thought herself to be. A part of her was jealous of Grace. A big celebration in her honor might be nice. Yeah, sure, the deal came with a husband, but maybe if she was allowed one stroke of luck in her life she'd find someone tolerable. \"Agatha!\" She was shaken from her thoughts at the sound of Grace's voice. She looked up to see her waving her over to where she and Oliver were standing. Agatha hesitated. The day had gone well. She didn't want to spoil it now. \"Just come here for a second,\" Grace called again. Keeping her head low, Agatha obliged, hoping whatever it was would be over quick. \"What is it?\" she asked when she reached her. Slipping away from Oliver who was talking to another man Agatha didn't recognize, Grace stepped to the side. \"I want to thank you again for coming. It means a lot to me.\" \"Don't mention it. Congratulations.\" \"I know you're probably heading home but I just wanted to say again that you are welcome to join the party should you change your mind.\" \"I dunno. Don't count on it.\" \"I'm not,\" Grace said, not hiding her disappointment too well. \"That's why I wanted to be sure to thank you now. I won't be back for a couple of weeks.\" Agatha forced a smile. \"I hope you have a great time.\" \"Thank you. I'll be sure to send you a postcard.\" \"Please,\" Agatha scoffed, \"With the kid along you aren't gonna want to waste any alone time writing the likes of me.\" With a roll of her eyes, Grace said, \"I think I will manage.\" Maintaining her happy expression, Agatha searched for some fitting concluding phrase. She knew the day called for a sappy goodbye. It just wasn't her nature. \"I, uh… Stay safe.\" Grace chuckled, knowing well what was running through Agatha's mind. \"Oh, come here, silly.\" Taking a step closer, she pulled Agatha into a hug. \"Take care of yourself, all right?\" Hugged back, Agatha replied, \"Yeah, I'll try.\" . . . Agatha didn't head home until Grace and Oliver's limousine was well out of sight. She felt bad. She knew Grace was upset even if she refused to admit it. Were the tables turned, she figured she'd want her there too. But Grace knew tons of people. This was a small wedding? There had to be at least a hundred people on each side not including those standing around the altar. She'd hate to have seen what the large guest list would have looked like. Once at home, she caught her reflection in the mirror. It was odd seeing herself in such an expensive and classy garment. Even if she could afford gowns like this regularly she never would have chosen this color and style. She wasn't crazy about her hairstyle, either. She felt like a poodle. Maybe it would look better a darker color instead of red. But, all in all, she didn't look as terrible as she'd expected. Everything turned out nice. Though she'd probably slap anyone who attempted to call her out on it, she had even felt herself welling up seeing Grace come down the aisle. What surprised her most this afternoon was the lack of confrontation with Oliver. He smiled at her inside the church and didn't catch her for a word outside. True, he was probably more focused on the wedding, but even at the rehearsal dinner he didn't flinch, though, she didn't leave herself open for a lot of socialization. Seeing as the last time they stood face to face he was a wreck over Grace disappearing, she naturally assumed it would come up. But it hadn't and hopefully never would at this point. Despite the hints of sadness about her own life the event brought up, she was pleasantly surprised by how truly happy she was for the both of them. For the first time in years, she was feeling like her old self again. She wasn't numb as she used to be. Of course, this meant unpleasant feelings came more strongly, but she could also feel glimpses of happiness again. She could laugh over a silly joke overhead at the diner or enjoy a particularly good meal. Nothing was bland anymore. Had alcohol really dulled her senses so much? It scared her to realize she hadn't even noticed. Her entire addiction snuck up on her. How quickly one drink turned into another. Soon one drink equaled a bottle — and she had at least two drinks a night with a shot here and there during the day. She even noticed a difference in her appearance. Somehow she'd put on a few pounds. She didn't feel like she'd been eating any more than usual. But in retrospect, she could see she was. She was awake long enough for breakfast and she wasn't waking up with a nauseating hangover. She had small but adequate lunches. Dinner was her biggest meal which more often than not kept her full until she fell asleep. If anything, she'd eat a slice of bread before bedtime. The other difference she noticed was her skin. It felt… normal? She always figured the clammy feeling was due to aging. As rough as those first few months were she was so grateful to Grace for making her stick with it. One by one the ghosts of her past seemed to lift. Cravings still came, that was for certain, but they weren't the demons they once were. At last she felt like a functioning human being. The past few nights had been the proof of that. She went to a wedding shower. She went to a formal dinner. She went to the salon and got her hair and nails done. And today she faced her fears and stood up in a church as the maid of honor. She never would have imagined any of this, especially not in the past several years. She'd worked hard for this, but so much of the credit went to Grace's patience and compassion to her. All of sudden, her reflection seemed to change. Her hint of a smile faded and guilt reentered the picture. Grace didn't have to do any of this for her. Even though she used to feel like she'd been abandoned by her, her debt was erased after her involvement in kidnapping Annie — the girl she now called her daughter. The father? The same man she'd cornered in her bathroom before trying to swindle him out of fifty thousand dollars. And yet, they didn't throw her in jail. Grace came to her rescue legally and emotionally. Looking at everything she'd gone through since summer, she couldn't see how she would have survived without her help. And how was she repaying her? By bailing out of her long-awaited wedding celebration. It'd be at least a month until she would see her again. No matter what Grace said, she didn't buy for a minute that she and Oliver could survive a two-week vacation with a child without taking another two weeks right after. It was obvious neither of them had spent much time in the romance department. But in any case, she was letting Grace down no matter what she said about it. She toughed it out through everything else, why not this? Because she was afraid of a handful of kids? Oliver she felt she could handle and perhaps even the curious glances from New York's Society? The president was a bit intimidated but he probably didn't have an interest in her. But the kids knew her true colors. Or rather what used to be not long ago. They might not understand that the Agatha Hannigan they knew had been brought on by alcohol. Maybe Annie would since she was always annoyingly understanding (no wonder she and Grace got along so well), but the others and especially the younger ones she wasn't sure. Even after all the positive changes, she was able to name there was something about the idea of facing them that brought her back to her dark self. But Grace kept weighing on her mind. After all this, she should be trying to repay her. Lord knows she'd never be able to do so financially. She continued to stare at her reflection. She was going to have to go to the reception. She knew her guilt was going to keep her all night if she didn't. It's not like this day would ever come again, she thought. Taking a deep breath, she reached for her coat and put it back on. Maybe she'd be able to think of something to say to the kids on her way. It was going to be a long and uncomfortable walk, that was for certain. . . . Agatha's walk was cut short by a sudden rain shower. Thankful she had some change at the bottom of her purse, she managed to hail a cab. Going along with her earlier thoughts, it felt good to have the cab driver see her dolled up and on her way to a party at the Warbucks mansion. Though, he didn't seem to believe her at first as he gave a chuckle along with his 'okay'. She didn't care right now. She was soaking wet and hoping Grace would let her borrow something to wear when she got there. The drive still allowed her plenty of time to think about what she would say to the kids if she wasn't able to avoid them. What was there to say, really? \"Hello, I'm sorry I used to beat you and lock you in closest and starve and work you to the point of passing out. How about we all go grab an extra slice of cake?\" Thoughts like these came more and more rapidly the closer the car got to Fifth Avenue. By the time the cab came to the gates, she knew there was no magic answer to be found. She was going to have to fess up to her actions without a doubt. How to apologize would have to be at the spur of the moment. If she was lucky maybe Grace would be around to soften the mood. If she was really lucky, nothing would happen at all. However, this was the most unlikely possibility. It was a miracle she'd managed to avoid it this long. Paying her fare, she stepped back into the rain and made a dash for the house. There she was greeted by the butler who seemed irritated by the fact she was dripping water onto the newly waxed floors. She shook it off. Wasn't like she asked to be drenched by unexpected weather. \"I'm late, obviously,\" she said to Drake. \"Is there any chance I can talk to Grace before finding the party?\" \"Mrs. Warbucks has been busy with the other guests all evening. Dinner is just finishing.\" After pausing a moment at the oddness of hearing Grace's name this way, she continued. \"Look, I'm clearly a guest. Hell, you were at the ceremony, weren't you? You know who I am now I want to see Grace so I can maintain some shred of dignity when I walk into that reception.\" Annoyance increasing, Drake said, \"I will send for her but you may need to wait a few minutes.\" \"Sure, what's a few minutes more?\" Agatha said with a roll of her eyes. \"Where can I wait?\" A look of horror crossed his eyes. \"Right here, miss. I will have someone bring you a towel.\" \"Thanks.\" Whatever it took to get things moving. She was beginning to think if she'd simply come with the rest of the party she would have been able to manage a level of inconspicuousness. So she waited and one of the maids brought her a towel as the butler had said. Fortunately, her wait wasn't long as she heard Grace's footsteps going down the hallway within a couple of minutes. \"You came!\" Agatha smiled. \"I decided I was being stupid.\" \"Well, I wouldn't put it in those words, but I really am glad you came. Oh-\" As she got closer to Agatha she realized what a mess she looked. \"Well, I see you left in the rain.\" \"Right before it, actually. I took a cab the rest of the way. I know you have enough going on but do you think I could borrow something to wear?\" \"Of course you can. I'll show you up to my room and you can put on whatever you see in the closet. I'll have to come back downstairs but come and join us afterward in the ballroom, all right?\" \"Geez, you got a ballroom in this place?\" \"If we didn't you might have been slipping and sliding around the dance floor.\" Grace winked. \"I've come to decide you're worth it.\" \"That's the nicest thing anyone's ever said to me.\" Agatha laughed. \"Then you need some new friends, sweetheart.\" Taking Agatha's arm, Grace started leading her up the stairs. \"We're a strange pair… but I wouldn't have it any other way.\"[Chapter 50] Agatha shifted through Grace's closet. None of these dresses were her style. Then again, neither was the one she was wearing. She didn't want it to be too obvious that she had changed. What she was going to do with her hair she had no idea. Finally, she settled for a light purple dress, perhaps a bit too summery for a cold and rainy spring night but it would do. The sleeves dropped but she found a shawl that matched (enough) to hide it. Moving over to the vanity, she borrowed some face powder and mascara. She was glad she hadn't gone in search for Grace herself. The rain smudged her makeup more than she'd thought. No wonder Drake gave her strange glances. For her hair, she took it out of the up-do and attempted to brush it out. Immediately regretting this decision, she put it back up in a messy, albeit, still presentable style. Satisfied (again, enough) with her tidied appearance, she made her way to the party, trying to ignore all of her anxieties in the process. Had she realized walking through the door how large a group two-hundred people really was in a smaller ballroom she never would have entered. Her stomach did a flip. Perhaps it was best she wasn't here for dinner. She scanned the room, hoping to spot Grace right away. She only recognized a few faces, mostly people she'd exchanged those quick hellos with as they left the church. She was glad to see the kids all dancing together on the other side of the room and oblivious to her entry. Nearby sat the president and his wife. She couldn't help but wonder why it was so difficult to spot a woman in a wedding gown with a bald billionaire most likely on her arm. Figuring they were either hidden by other people on the dance floor or they'd managed to sneak away for a minute, she made her way over to a buffet table where she say people building small plates. There she made one of her own to keep her eyes and hands busy. The idea of actually eating didn't help her sudden nausea. She made her way down the line minding to pick only the smallest options. She looked around for a place to sit. She spotted a table with a few empty chairs but she worried about how to ask to sit. She knew she must have had a seating arrangement but no idea where. So she stood, regretting is the minute one of the waiters came up to her with a tray of glasses. \"Champagne?\" \"Uh… no. No, thank you.\" Even when she was drinking she never cared much for the stuff. It was too bubbly and not hard enough. Even wine and beer didn't do anything for her. However, right now, as nervous as she was and with having gone so long without a sip of so much as fermented apple juice, the scent of the liquor enraptured her senses. Though the man stood a few feet away it was as though he held the cup underneath her nose. The longer he stood there, the more distracting it became. \"Are you sure? It's just about time for the toasts.\" \"I said no, all right? Get that stuff away from me.\" The young man nodded, clearly taken aback at the way Agatha snapped. She felt bad but she knew she wasn't going to stay strong for very long. This was was one thing she hadn't considered. All the drinks. Now that she'd gotten the scent in her nose she noticed it everywhere. The people standing across from her were sipping from their glasses. Another waiter was handing a young woman a fresh glass with the man she was with standing behind her with a brandy. Behind her on her right were two large punch bowls. She moved from the spot where her feet had frozen. The minute she found an empty and unattended spot at a table, she dropped her plate and started making her way to the door. \"Oh, I'm so sorry- Agatha?\" She hadn't realized she'd been bumped until she looked up and saw Grace. Sure, she thought, now she sees her. \"Yeah, you knew I was here.\" \"I forgot I even owned that dress,\" Grace laughed. \"You look beautiful.\" \"Thanks.\" She started walking again but didn't get far. \"Hold on,\" Grace followed. \"What's the matter? Did something happen?\" \"Nothing, Grace. I'm fine.\" \"Please tell me. That 'I'm fine' bit never works.\" \"I just need some air, all right? It's stuffy.\" \"It's still pouring down rain,\" Grace said. \"C'mon, Grace, please let me step out.\" \"I'm coming with you then and I want you to tell me what's going on.\" As if on cue, another waiter approached them with a similar tray. \"More champagne, Mrs. Warbucks.\" \"No, thank you,\" Grace replied. She turned to Agatha, opening her mouth to offer her a drink. And then she remembered. \"Oh dear…\" Turning back to the waiter, she said, \"We're both fine.\" \"It's hitting me hard. I don't know why. I haven't smelled it in so long aside from the stale smell on some customers at the diner. That doesn't allow room for much temptation but this… maybe it's nerves. I dunno. It took a lot to get here and I'm afraid to make you look like a fool.\" \"Stop worrying about that. You aren't going to make me look like a fool. And no one has to know. I'll tell the head waiter to bring you some tea and say you've got caught in the rain and you're feeling under the weather. That's not a lie. In fact, I wouldn't be surprised if that's all a part of this.\" Agatha shrugged. \"Guess that could make sense. Is there a place I can sit down, though?\" \"Of course. You're at my table. I'll take you over there and then I need to go find Oliver and the waiter. Are you going to be okay?\" \"Yeah… I hope so.\" \"I really am grateful you came at all. I can't tell you how much it means to me.\" \"I know it does,\" Agatha said. \"I almost wish I had a full day at home before we leave. Feels like everything has been moving so fast these last couple of months. For some reason, I imagined the reception ending earlier.\" Managing a sideways smile, Agatha said, \"Oh please. You'll get upstairs tonight and by morning won't be able to get out of this place fast enough.\" \"Must you always be so crude?\" \"Honey, you're in for a real shock if you think that was crude.\" With a swat of her arm, Grace pointed to Agatha's chair. \"Oh, hush and sit down. I'm going to go send for your tea. I'll check back in a little while. But don't feel like you have to stay put. Catch your breath, warm up, and see how you feel in a few minutes.\" \"Okay… thanks.\" There wasn't much else to do from the empty table but people watch. She was glad no one was looking her way. Sitting slumped over at the bride and groom's table alone must have been a sight for those glances she didn't catch. Getting off her feet was already making a difference. She was noticing now just how nicely the place had been decorated. The centerpieces most definitely screamed of Grace. Red roses with some little white flowers mixed in with them. She amused herself wondering if Oliver had ended up with any say at all about anything. She had to figure he'd wanted it in his home, though she didn't hear Grace complaining about it. A few minutes later, the head waiter came and set a cup of hot water in front of her. She looked up to see him holding a wooden box which he then opened for her. \"Here are the selection of tea's, ma'am.\" \"Oh… uh. I dunno. Which do you think?\" \"I don't know your flavor preference,\" he replied, baffled. Agatha couldn't help but laugh. \"To tell you the truth I'm not much of a tea drinker. I prefer coffee. But I don't think I should have any of that right now. I had a lot early today and… I don't know why I'm telling you all this. Black. Black tea is fine.\" The waiter smiled. \"Excellent choice, ma'am.\" He chose the bag, opened it for her, and placed it in the teacup. \"Can I bring you anything else? Your dinner? Mrs. Warbucks said you got stuck in the rain on your way from the church.\" \"Do you think that would be odd? I mean, no one else is really eating.\" \"If you don't mind my saying so, you are not like the other guest.\" Her face dropping, she looked down at her cup. \"Yeah, tell me about it.\" \"That wasn't an insult,\" the waiter corrected. \"The others don't find time to talk with the help.\" \"Oh. Well, I'm glad 'cause I have nothin' in common with these people.\" \"How do you know the bride? Pardon me for asking.\" \"Knock it off with that pardon me stuff.\" Agatha smiled again. \"She and I go way back. Otherwise, you wouldn't catch me dead in this joint.\" The waiter chuckled. \"I know the feeling. Sometimes I work these parties just to remind myself why I stayed a waiter.\" \"You mean if someone offered you wouldn't take all this money for yourself?\" \"Absolutely not.\" \"The hell is wrong with you?\" Full on laughing now, the waiter replied. \"Look around? What do you see?\" Humoring him, Agatha scanned from left to right. \"A buncha well-dressed people.\" \"See any of them chatting with the likes of us?\" \"Well… no. But I was kinda countin' on that.\" \"In any case, I for one don't want to think I can walk all over the working man just because I was born into a fortune.\" \"Ah,\" Agatha said, turning her body to face him fully, \"but you weren't born into it. So what's to keep you from enjoying a small fortune of your own after you've paid your dues?\" \"Money changes people. Look at the world today? People have been brought to their knees because of it. Yeah, it's a necessity but too much of a good thing can only turn to disaster. The things people do for a few extra bucks… It's always in the papers. Robberies, muggings… man fighting man over something so temporary.\" She looked down. Yeah, she knew. She was one of them. \"Ya know,\" she said, pausing to clear her throat. \"Some people realize too late. You go so long without something and can't catch a break you kinda forget that the other person is your own kind.\" \"You are compassionate. I like that.\" With a sigh, she said, \"You seem like a good guy so I advise you to walk away from this conversation.\" \"Did I say something to offend you?\" He tucked his tray under his arm. \"No… but I've probably offended you.\" \"What do you mean?\" Turning back to her tea, picking it up for distraction, she continued. \"I may be sitting at the Warbucks' wedding now but I only am 'cause of my history with Grace.\" \"I'm afraid I don't follow,\" he said. Standing up, Agatha said, \"I'm afraid I've given you the wrong impression about me. I mean, it's all behind me but I don't want you thinking that I'm a good person.\" Agatha attempted to move away from him but was caught by his hand. \"Wait…\" She looked up at him. \"I'm sorry,\" he said. \"I don't know what's going on but I thought we were having a nice conversation.\" \"We were. I'm sorry. I have a lot on my mind. I already snapped at one of the kid waiters tonight and I don't want to do the same to you, especially since you're the only person here aside from Grace who's gonna give me the time of day.\" \"Ah, so that was you?\" \"Oh geez…\" \"Don't worry about it,\" he said lightly. \"Weddings make everyone nutty.\" \"Some more than others,\" she mumbled. \"I'd like to see you again. I know we don't even know each other's names and I'm only guessing things about you but… I don't know. You're easy to talk to. Even when you're not making any sense.\" He winked. Pulling her arm away, Agatha said, \"I don't know. You seem like a really nice guy. You're not bad to look at either. I feel like there's a catch in here somewhere. Tell me, you're married, aren't you?\" \"I used to be.\" \"See? You left a woman heartbroken somewhere.\" \"Actually, no… she left me.\" Agatha nodded. \"And you're still in love with her.\" \"As a matter of fact, I am. She died five years ago.\" \"Oh… gosh. I'm so sorry. I… see? I'm no good for you. Not as even as a meal companion. I should go find Grace.\" \"Please? I would like to get to know you better.\" \"But why? Can't you tell I'm not the most considerate person in the world? Instead of jumping to the most obvious conclusion I went to the worst one for me.\" The waiter smiled. \"Just have dinner with me. You can tell me what's got you so down on yourself and you can keep me company. It's not easy for me to ask a pretty girl out.\" \"Oh, this?\" She took hold of the skirt of the dress. \"It ain't mine. I borrowed it from Grace. You wouldn't normally see me in this getup.\" \"I had a feeling. You don't seem very comfortable.\" \"Is it that obvious?\" \"To anyone paying attention.\" Agatha looked at the floor a moment before moving back to meet his eyes. Within ten minutes she went from an anxious mess to being asked on her first legitimate date in… too many years to count. She couldn't tell if her gut was telling her to get out of this while she still could. There had to be a certain danger attached. Or what if her hesitations were just nerves trying to deny herself of something that just might possibly be a good thing. But good things didn't happen to her. Not often. Making peace with Grace and being allowed in Warbucks' home would probably be it for the year. Did she really want to press her luck? After all, women her age so seldom get chances like these. Especially someone with so little to offer as her. \"I… I don't think I can answer right now. It's nothin' to do with you, honest. It's been a crazy week getting ready for this wedding and all. And being late to the party has completely thrown me off. You really do seem like a great guy. I haven't known too many of those.\" Shifting toward the table, the waiter set his tray down and pulled out a piece of paper and a pen from his apron. \"I understand. Here…\" he scribbled some words on the paper before standing up straight and handing it to her. \"You can reach me here. I have another reception tomorrow but I'll be around over the weekend. Give me a call if you'd like to have dinner? It doesn't have to be for dinner. Lunch is fine. Even a cup of coffee.\" Agatha took the paper, not reading it right away. With a breath, she nodded. \"Okay… Okay, I will.\" The waiter smiled as he picked up his tray. \"And let me know about dinner.\" \"I said I'd think about it.\" \"No, no,\" he corrected. \"I mean your dinner tonight. You never quite answered my question.\" \"Oh yeah… uh. No, I think I'll pass. There's plenty of stuff to munch on.\" He tipped his head, bidding her a good evening. Agatha watched as he walked away, gripping the scrap of paper in her hand. It took her several seconds, but she finally built up enough courage to look. \"Stanley Morris,\" she read aloud. \"Your friend (from the wedding).\"[Chapter 51] Though she was still skeptical about her meeting and potential future with Stanley, Agatha's mood significantly lightened for the remainder of the party. Just knowing that a nice guy was interested in her gave a boost in her morale. Her worries about him being too good to be true were on the back burner for now. As far as she was concerned he was a nice guy. Heck, even if he was a fraction of what he seemed he was still better than any of the other men she'd been with. When everything calmed she believed she would be able to say yes. Knowing she wasn't committed made a world of difference. The selfish part of her wished this all hadn't happened at Grace's wedding. She couldn't very well pull her away from a dance with her new husband to tell her about a date. Would she even care right now? Little by little the guests said their goodnights and the party dwindled down to a few folks who remained for tea and coffee. This night ceased to amaze her. A dinner offer from Stanley, with whom she kept crossing paths, exchanging smiles, and now she was included in the family and close friends portion of the evening. Who would have thought she'd ever be sharing a table with the President of the United States just sitting around chatting? Among the others was Leia who seemed to remember her fondly. It was nice to have at least one other person who'd known her from better days. Conversation was difficult, though, as Agatha had no clue what to say knowing all that had happened with Deven and the kids. Then, of course, there were the children and their adoptive parents. This was the most uncomfortable. Some had gone home as they lived outside of the city now such as Kate and Tessie. She thought she'd seen Duffy at the table but figured she and her father left as she'd been talking to Leia. All that remained was Molly, Pepper, July, and of course Annie. When she hadn't seen them at the beginning, she thought that maybe she was having a good luck streak. Then again, where her luck failed here gave more hope to the thing with Stanley more legitimate. Pepper was the only one she noticed staring with a less than enthused expression. Annie, by now, seemed unfazed. Molly and July took turns giving nervous and curious glances. The parents didn't seem to recognize her or really know who she was at all. They conversed but there was no reservation. As for the kids, they talked among themselves, sleepy as it was well after nine o'clock. She wasn't going to approach them. If they wanted to talk to her she'd deal with it then. When Molly fell asleep, hers and the other parents took this as their cue to go. The group moved to the foyer where they said their goodnights and went to their cars. Grace sent Annie straight to bed promising to come and say goodnight. President Roosevelt and Eleanor were saying at the mansion so they bid their bon voyage to Grace and Oliver before heading to their room. Leia, too, was staying the night and walked with Annie upstairs. This left Agatha alone with the newlyweds, suddenly feeling awkward. \"Congratulations,\" she said, \"again. And thanks for letting me be here. I know it probably wasn't easy for you, Warbucks.\" \"I'm in far too good a mood to hold grudges today,\" he said, squeezing Grace's hand. \"A lot has changed.\" \"I hope now you'll accept my apologies… for everything.\" Oliver extended his hand which Agatha took after a brief moment of hesitation. Giving it a firm shake, she pulled back. \"I'm going to go say goodnight to Annie. I'm sure I'll see you around when we get back.\" He turned back to Grace, kissing her temple before moving toward the stairs. Grace looked back and smiled at him, then turning her attention to Agatha. \"So,\" she said, \"I guess that means you don't have to worry about coming to visit.\" \"I'll admit it didn't go as terribly as I thought it would.\" \"See? I didn't think the girls would give you any trouble.\" \"They wanted to… might not be so lucky next time.\" \"Relax. They all have homes now. I can't say they no longer carry a grudge, but they know that in the end, everything worked out. I know Annie thinks so.\" \"I guess that's a start.\" \"I'm sorry I didn't come around more tonight. I can't believe how hectic it all was. Every time I got away from someone another came up to talk with me.\" Agatha laughed, \"I think that's what's supposed to happen at your wedding.\" \"Still, it somehow ended up bigger than I planned. I would have been happy with you, Leia, Annie, and the girls and their families. Maybe a couple of the others, but not the crowd we had. Most of the guests were associates of Oliver's who'd caught wind through other guests. We told an awful lot of fibs saying the invitations got lost in the mail.\" Giving a fake gasp, Agatha said, \"What? Pure Miss Grace Farrell? Caught in a lie? Say it ain't so!\" Grace shook her head and chuckled. \"She's no more, remember? I'm Mrs. Grace… Warbucks now.\" \"You needed to think about it?\" \"It's funny… this is the first time I've said it. I suppose it hasn't had a chance to sink in.\" \"How could it? Have you sat down at all today?\" \"Not really,\" she shrugged. \"I barely had a chance to eat my dinner.\" \"What time do you leave tomorrow?\" \"In the evening, thank goodness. Annie is hardly packed. I'm not sure about Oliver. Drake probably got a trunk ready for him. I was so nervous last night that I packed and repacked. I'm surprised I made it through the party without falling asleep.\" \"Nervous? About the wedding?\" \"Of course,\" Grace said. \"I don't like all that attention on me. The closer it got the more I wished Oliver and I had eloped. Don't get me wrong, everything today was lovely. I just feel bad that I was thinking more about when it would end than I was thinking about beginning my life with Oliver.\" \"Well then, why are you standing here talking to me? Go upstairs to your husband.\" \"I will… I think I just need a little time to myself first. Make sure I didn't forget anything for the trip.\" \"I'll leave you alone then.\" It was hard for her to say this as she'd wanted nothing more than to tell her about Stanley. \"But call me as soon as you get back.\" \"I will! But… how are you getting home?\" \"I think it's still raining so I was going to catch a cab.\" \"Why don't you spend the night here? We still have plenty of guest rooms. You'll have a hard time getting one in the rain especially at this hour.\" \"I don't want to impose…\" \"It's no imposition. The room across from Leia's is free. I won't have much time for chatting tomorrow but at least you won't have to get soaked again.\" \"I have to work in the morning anyway so I'll be outta here early.\" \"Oh, that's right. All the more reason to stay and rest. You won't get home until well after midnight now.\" \"As long as your sure. I don't want to upset anybody.\" \"You heard Oliver, things have changed.\" \"Yeah, so I'm seeing.\" Raising an eyebrow Grace questioned, \"How do you mean?\" With a smile, Agatha shook her head. \"Don't worry about it.\" Grace wasn't sure but was too tired to press on. \"I'll show you to your room, then.\" \"Actually… just give me the directions. I think I left something in the ballroom.\" \"What is it?\" \"Oh, nothing much. Something from my purse. Just don't want it getting mixed up in all the cleaning. I'll be able to find my way.\" \"If you're sure… go up these stairs, that the left and go up one more flight and then it's three doors down on your right.\" \"Got it.\" \"Do you need anything? Mrs. Greer keeps fresh toiletries in there but do you have something you can wear to work tomorrow?\" \"My dress should be dry by then. Only, I left it in your room.\" \"Do you remember the way? If not I can run it by after I kiss Annie goodnight.\" \"I'll get it myself,\" Agatha said with a smirk. \"You have much more important things to tend to.\" Instead of her usual roll of the eyes or swat on the arm, Grace just nodded. \"Very well. Goodnight, Agatha. Thanks again for coming. And I'll remember to call when we get back.\" \"Hey… are you all right?\" Grace shrugged. \"As I said before, I think I just need a few minutes to myself.\" \"Everything is gonna be fine, Grace.\" Again, she nodded. \"I know.\" . . . Agatha walked slowly back to the ballroom thinking of what she would say if Stanley was still around. There was no use in making him wait for an answer. It was now or never. She thought of how Grace waited all these years for Warbucks. Yeah, she got him in the end, but Agatha didn't have the time to lose. A day or two was too much to risk when she now felt certain of her answer. It appeared that several of the waiters had called it a night. Agatha vaguely remembered hearing Oliver mention something about a cleaning crew coming in the morning. Now she wondered if Stanley would be here at all. She scanned the room and didn't recognize anyone aside from Drake. She thought a moment if she should ask him if he knew. She knew she wasn't his favorite person but she was afraid to lose her nerve. It didn't take long for doubt to trickle in. Was the name, number, and address real? He could have faked it in order to help a sad old woman at a part. He could be kind without being stupid. He didn't really want to know what'd made her distance herself… that's right. She'd completely forgotten about that part. That was her hesitation. She should have quit while she was ahead. Perhaps it wasn't too late. If the name and number were faked neither of them would ever need to know. But then again, what if the information was real? What if, on the off chance, he really was interested. This was why she was eager to talk to Grace alone. How could she have let herself get so distracted? Maybe it was the wedding talking. After all, she caught the bouquet. It was rigged. Grace aimed at her. The celebration was the mask for so much. Grace said so herself she spent more of the day watching the clock. Who knew what was going through Warbucks' mind? Probably the same. What other groom leaves his bride's side just as their wedding night was about to begin? Even if he'd approved of their friendship all along, it was odd that he hadn't shoved the straggling guests out the door and locking it behind them. \"Can I help you, Miss Hannigan?\" She stood there too long. Wasn't this just what she needed — angering the butler a second time in one evening. \"I… I had just come to look for someone but I see they aren't here. I was just leaving.\" \"I will show you to the door, Miss.\" \"Actually, Grace invited me to stay.\" \"I see,\" he said with a muffled sigh. Having reached her limit, Agatha said, \"Look, I don't know what your problem is with me but if Warbucks can let it go so can you. Sorry I dragged in the rain and mud and sorry I'm one extra body in the house. Lord knows it's big enough.\" \"I beg your pardon…\" \"I will see myself to my own room.\" Without waiting for a response she turned on her heel and rushed into the hallway. To herself, she muttered, \"The only thing worse than a holier than thou rich person is a holier than thou butler.\" \"I believe I only caught half of that but I think I know the type.\" Agatha jumped at the voice, not recognizing it as Stanley's right away. \"Oh… I thought you'd gone.\" \"I'm on my way out now. Did something happen? You look irritated?\" \"Eh,\" she shrugged off, \"the butler has it in for me.\" \"I've worked a couple functions here. He's a good guy, really, just hates a mess. Don't take it personally.\" \"I'm afraid it is. He's just gonna have to get over it.\" Changing the subject, Stanley asked, \"Maybe I'm jumping to conclusions but I could have sworn I saw you leave with the last group. You didn't happen to come back looking for me, did you?\" \"Actually I did… I, um… guess I got caught up in all of it tonight. I came to accept your invitation to dinner.\" \"… But?\" Agatha sighed. \"I may as well be honest with you.\" \"I wish you would.\" \"Remember you mentioned what awful things some people do for money?\" \"Yeah?\" Pointing to herself, Agatha finished. \"You're looking at one of 'em.\" \"I wondered about that.\" \"That obvious, hmm?\" \"Only by your reaction. What happened?\" \"Do you really wanna know? Really. You seem like an honest and hardworking guy. You don't need all my baggage weighing you down.\" \"I wouldn't ask if I wasn't interested,\" he said. \"I think I found what's wrong with you.\" \"Oh yeah?\" \"You don't know when to shut your yap and butt out.\" She smiled. With a laugh, Stanley said, \"It's late now. You seem remorseful, that's all that matters. I'm not saying wanting money is evil. I said it can turn people evil. I don't want a fortune because I know it would go to my head. We all have a past.\" \"Even you?\" \"Of course. You think anyone goes through life without making some haunting mistakes?\" Crossing her arms, Agatha answered, \"I dunno… I hear some folks in the Bible managed.\" \"The lucky ones.\" \"Well… if you're sure you're willing to sit and have a meal with a wreck… former… wreck like me… I accept your offer.\" \"Wonderful. Are you free Saturday evening?\" \"Yeah, that will be fine. I get off work around five.\" \"Where do you work?\" Stanley asked. \"I'll pick you up.\" \"You bet your buns you will,\" she joked, \"I waited a long time for a real gentleman. I work at Andy's Diner on East Seventy-Third nearer to Lexington.\" \"Ah, I know that place!\" he said with excitement in his voice. \"Been quite some time since I've stopped in.\" \"I only started working there in the last few months. Maybe a bit longer but you know.\" \"I look forward to stopping by. Maybe I'll come a little early and have a cup of coffee.\" Agatha smiled. \"I'll be sure to pour it from a fresh pot and not whatever's leftover from lunchtime.\" Holding out his hand, Stanley said, \"It's a date.\" Reciprocating with hers, Agatha nodded. \"Just don't say I didn't warn you.\" \"I like to make my own decisions.\" \"Quirky… I like it.\" As he pulled his hand away, he asked, \"What's your name, anyhow? I don't believe you told me.\" \"Agatha. Agatha Hannigan.\"[Chapter 52] \"She's asleep already?\" Grace whispered to Oliver as she walked into Annie's room. \"Yeah,\" he smiled, running the back of his hand over the sleeping girl's curls. \"I couldn't believe it either.\" \"I'm glad today was a happy day for her.\" \"I think it's been for all of us.\" Grace smiled as she snuggled up to his side, wrapping both of her arms around his waist. Kissing the top of her head, holding her with his free arm, he said, \"You've looked tired though. Didn't get much rest, hmm?\" Seeing no point in denying it, Grace nodded. \"There was a lot to think about. A lot to look forward to, as well.\" \"No regrets then?\" She shook her head. \"Not a one. And you?\" \"None whatsoever. But I am glad that the party is through.\" \"So am I. It was lovely, though. I'm so glad Agatha decided to come.\" \"Did she say what changed her mind?\" \"Not really. I think it was a good mix of feeling an obligation and wanting to be here. Which reminds me… I hope you don't mind but I didn't want her trying to find a way home in the rain. I invited her to stay in the guest room across from Leia.\" \"I had a feeling you might.\" \"You're not angry?\" Noticing Annie stir, Oliver brought a finger to his lips and gently pulled on her hand to lead them out of the room. Once outside the door and walking down the hallway, he said, \"I meant it when I said things are starting to change. I'm not going to lie and say a part of me will ever stop resenting her for what she's done to Annie but I saw tonight how right you've been about her changing. Granted, I didn't speak to her much but she looks a lot different than she did when I first met her. Healthier for sure and even a bit happier. I wouldn't say calmer but it was obvious she was uncomfortable around Annie and the other girls.\" \"I noticed that, too. I'm glad nothing came of it. I wasn't worried about Annie's response or Molly's or even any of the others aside from Pepper. She's always had an edge to her. And as the oldest, I'm sure she has the most vivid memories.\" \"I'll never understand how you were able to forgive her so easily.\" \"It wasn't easy,\" Grace said, halting them both. \"Believe me. I felt sick about the whole thing and sometimes still do if I focus on it enough. But not so much for the deeds she did themselves but thinking what happened that made her become that way. No, she was never a warm and fuzzy person but she wasn't cruel or vindictive. She was hurt. Still is. I'm convinced it was the alcohol that turned everything for her. I'm still not clear on every detail. I know it started around the time I moved out but I know my actions alone could not have caused everything that happened. I feel guilty as if it were but I do know better. In all honesty, I think it was inevitable at some point. It's difficult for her to let herself be happy and always was. Her brother was a mess and clearly only got worse with each passing year. She was robbed of a childhood and more or less became a parent as a teenager. Both her parents died from addiction or as a consequence because of it. Sometimes, before any of this was even in question, I wondered what would set her off. Her temper was unpredictable. I didn't see it often but when I did it was bad. I couldn't imagine how someone survived walking around angry at the world all the time. I remember early on after I'd met her, our first Christmas together, I drove her up the wall with my excitement. In her defense, I did go overboard back in those days.\" Oliver laughed. \"More so than you did this Christmas with Annie?\" Swatting his arm, she continued. \"No. It doesn't count as excessive when there is a child involved. Besides, there's much more room and many more people. But for two women in a small apartment, it was more than she could handle. I remember lugging home a massive Christmas tree that barely fit through the door. I was so excited. It was the first time I was sharing a Christmas with anyone since moving to New York. I was really trying to make up for the fact I was feeling homesick and missing my old family Christmases. Of course, Agatha didn't know this. I didn't talk much about it. We had a silly fight and I remember breaking down at one point when I had to tell her where it all came from. But it wasn't all for nothing. We really started to get to know each other around that time. She told me about her lack of holidays in her household and how it was just another excuse to get drunk. Again what I mean by her hitting the bottle being inevitable.\" \"I never realized…\" A small smile appeared on Grace's face. \"That Christmas wasn't all for nothing, though. I convinced her to celebrate just a little bit — I had to promise to tone it down which I did. The tree stayed, though. I think we went to a party Christmas Eve. Oh, yes, with old friends from the deli where I used to work… or was it the bakery? It's terrible that I don't remember anymore… Anyways, I convinced her to come along and she did. She hit it off well with everyone. When we came home I figured we'd throw something together for dinner. It wasn't as though we needed a whole feast. But when we got to the apartment I was surprised to see that my brother, Leia, and the kids had all traveled out to surprise me. I think I'd mentioned in passing in one of my letters to Deven that I was missing our parents and I was sorry I couldn't afford to take the train out to see them. Agatha wasn't thrilled at first. I think she felt awkward. But by the end, everyone got along. It was one of the nicest surprises I've ever received… Hard to believe that was the last Christmas…\" Tears flooded her eyes as she chocked out her last words. \"The last Christmas I ever spent with them… Oh, gosh.\" In an instant, Oliver took her in his arms. \"It's okay.\" \"No, it's not,\" she said, running her sleeve over her eyes. \"It's our wedding night. Why am I choosing to talk about this now?\" \"I'm starting to think it's been on your mind.\" \"Not the memory in particular,\" she said with a sniff as she took a step back from him. \"But I can admit to having thought an awful lot about Deven and the kids today. My parents as well.\" \"I kind of thought something was off.\" \"It's been obvious?\" \"Probably just to me.\" Grace shook her head. \"No… Agatha noticed it, too.\" \"It's only natural for you to miss them on a day like today.\" \"But there is so much else to focus on. So many new people in my life. I'm glad Leia was here. At least I still have a connection to my brother. But I can't help but wish my mother had been in the first pew and that my father had walked me down the aisle like I imagined he would when I was a little girl. So much has changed since then and for some reason I chose today to realize just how much.\" \"I feel like this all connects back to what happened a few months ago.\" \"No,\" she said. \"I don't want to talk about that today. It's over. Though, I'll never forgive myself for it.\" \"There are worse things you could have done. I think it's safe to say I've forgiven you. We're married now.\" \"So bring it up tomorrow, not on our wedding night.\" Taking both of her hands, Oliver said, \"There's no pressure. I'm tired, too.\" Emotions resurfacing, she said, \"I feel terrible. I didn't mean to bring all this up. Of course I want to spend our wedding night together. When I started talking about Agatha all I meant to do was help you to understand where I'm coming from in regards to my friendship with her.\" \"And you did. It's my own fault. I never took the time to really listen.\" \"And who can blame you?\" \"It doesn't matter anymore, love.\" With his thumbs, he brushed away her tears. \"What happened with you and Agatha, what happened with Agatha and Annie, what happened with that awful brother of hers… what happened to your brother and his family. It's in the past.\" \"I know it is. And I can push past everything with Agatha and Rooster. Most days I can push past Deven. It's just some moments I wish he could be here with my parents. It's strange to think I'm all alone. I've only just started reconnecting with Leia. I was young when I first met her. She and Deven lived away from Connecticut. I didn't get to know her as a close relative.\" \"Believe me, I understand. I, too, wished my brother and mother could have been here.\" He looked down a moment, trying not to think too deeply of them. When he looked back up, he finished, \"And you are not alone,\" he said. \"Now you have me and Annie. You'll still have her when I'm gone as well as the children we'll have together.\" Resting her forehead against his cheek, she said, \"I don't want to think of the day I lose you. Is it selfish to hope I go first?\" \"Only because you'd be robbing yourself and your children of several years of your life.\" \"You are not that much older than me.\" \"Thirteen years adds up.\" \"Please, Oliver,\" she said, gripping onto the sides of his jacket. \"I can't think of losing you right now.\" \"You're right…\" he pulled her to him and hugged her tightly. \"I'm sorry.\" \"I love you… so much.\" \"I love you, too. I always will. And no matter what happens, take comfort in knowing you'll always be cared for.\" \"I care nothing about being cared for. I don't want to lose one more person I love.\" \"You aren't going to lose anybody tonight or even tomorrow. It's been a long day.\" \"I'm sorry I got so upset.\" Kissing her softly, Oliver said, \"You don't need to apologize. We're in this together.\" \"You've been too wonderful to me, you know that?\" \"Impossible.\" Grace smiled, linking his arm with his as they started walking again. It was hard to believe after all these years they were finally husband and wife. Less than a year ago all of this seemed impossible. She never imagined she'd see Agatha again let alone have her be a part of her wedding. It was funny the way life worked out. It wasn't all good, but it wasn't all bad, either. Looking up at Oliver, she started to feel that maybe she wasn't so alone after all. Perhaps her family had a hand in all of this. \"I love you,\" she said again. \"I love you, too.\" Agatha's eyes hardly left the clock come Saturday's shift. Why did she agree to meet him here? She was a mess. She could have got off early and rushed home to change. What if he planned to take her to a nice place? Of course today would be the day the dishwasher couldn't make it and leave her doing double the work. The front of her dress was still damp from a juice spill and she was sure her hair was a sweaty mess. Funny how much she noticed this stuff now. Come four o'clock, she grew anxious, almost wishing she'd never agreed to the date after all. What if he was expecting the Agatha Hannigan he met at the wedding? She was far more put together then than her usual day to day messy self. And she still had yet to discover how to tell him everything that happened with Rooster, Lily, Annie, and the bridge. Sure, he acted okay with the potential discretion, but there was no way he could anticipate or assume it involved kidnapping. Because of this, she was already prepared for him to get up and leave. Around four-thirty she saw him walk in. Her anxiety turned to excitement when he smiled which alone was cause for worry. Until she told him the truth she could not get her hopes up. Right away she went over to him with the fresh pot of coffee she'd made for him. \"Just in time,\" she said with a smile. \"I meant to come in earlier,\" he said, \"but I had car trouble.\" \"Wow, how do you manage to afford a car?\" \"It's really for business but I figured a joyride wouldn't hurt.\" \"I hope I won't mess it up. Today of all days has been a sloppy one as I'm sure you can see.\" She pointed to her dress as she continued. \"Didn't even think to bring a change of clothes.\" \"We can stop by your place if you'd like.\" \"I don't wanna make you go out of your way. Only if it's on our way to the restaurant. Where are we goin' anyways?\" \"I know a place a few blocks down. Excellent Italian food. Is that okay?\" \"Perfect.\" \"And it doesn't make a difference if your place is in the opposite direction.\" \"Let me see how I clean up once I get this apron off. Can I get you anything else?\" \"No,\" he said, \"the coffee is fine.\" \"Well, just let me know. I'll get started cleaning up the tables now so you're not just sitting around waiting. We don't usually get many people in this close to closing.\" \"Don't worry about it, I don't mind waiting.\" \"Yeah, maybe you don't but I do,\" Agatha said with a grin. \"I'm starved.\" Stanley laughed, turning to the counter to drink his coffee. . . . Agatha relaxed immensely but the time they arrived at the restaurant. She was glad she decided to take him up on his offer to stop by her apartment to change. She felt much better changing out of her sticky dress and getting a chance to fix her hair and makeup. One look in the mirror and she realized what a pathetic mess she looked. She'd never been nervous about a date before. Not even as a teenager. Why now? She knew that it was because it meant more now and that moments like these wouldn't be coming often. But there was something about Stanley. He made her feel at ease which was unusual. Even with Grace, she had moments of feeling tense and self-conscious. Stanley didn't make her feel this way at all. Yeah, she worried what his reaction would be when she said what she needed to say. Aside from that, there was a certain calmness. She did worry about this, thinking it was all too good to be true, but for all she knew this would be their only date. For once she decided not to go to the doom before an event had a chance to happen. The restaurant was just her taste. It wasn't a dump but it wasn't anywhere near the kind of fancy joints Grace dragged her to. The food was always great but she couldn't enjoy it knowing she didn't really belong. Here was more her crowd. The decoration of minimal but not dumpy. The dining area was small, about the same size as the diner, but it was dimly lit and dare she say romantic? However, she did find it impressive that this many people clearly in her same financial struggles found time and money to eat out. \"So,\" Stanley said after they ordered. \"Let's not stew about it all night. What is this awful thing you have to tell me?\" Agatha sighed. \"Ah, do we really have to talk about it before we eat? Why spoil a good meal?\" \"Because I can tell you've been thinking about it.\" \"I'm more wonderin' how I managed to attract a guy like you.\" \"You really want to know?\" he asked. \"Oh gosh,\" Agatha mumbled. This was it. Here was the catch. His next words would mark the end of the illusion she'd been living in the past couple of days. \"Why…?\" \"Because you were yourself the first time we talked.\" This wasn't what she was expecting. \"Come again?\" Stanley chuckled. \"You were completely yourself when I came up to you with that tea box. You weren't expecting a chat. You were relaxed. Since then you've seemed nervous and on edge.\" \"Of course I'm nervous on edge. I can't stress enough that I'm not the one to meet a nice guy. My life has been filled with creeps.\" \"And I'd like to know why.\" \"This wasn't even before the thing I have to tell you.\" \"Agatha, please. Humor me. I can take it.\" \"Oh, I know you can take it. I just know you'll think less of me.\" \"Can you let me be the judge of that?\" Once more, she sighed. \"Fine, since it's clearly not gonna be put to rest…\" \"You realize by now I've had plenty of time to imagine the worst possible things you could say to me? By the time you tell me whatever it is will seem like nothing.\" \"I mean… I hope so. It's not like I've ever killed anybody.\" \"See?\" he said, \"We're off to a great start.\" \"It's just that, you spoke so specifically against people doing lousy things for money. I… and not even that long ago… did something I'll never be able to forgive myself for.\" \"I can take it.\" \"You know the Warbucks kid, Annie?\" \"Yeah?\" he said. \"Maybe you heard over the summer that a couple'a people posed as her parents to collect the fifty-grand reward?\" Beginning to understand, Stanley nodded. \"Yes, I think I do.\" Pointing to herself, Agatha finished. \"That was me. Well, I helped. I wasn't the one pretending to be her mother. That was my brother's girlfriend. My brother pretended to be the father.\" \"Well,\" Stanley said as he sat back in his chair. \"I'll admit that this is one scenario I didn't think of.\" \"I don't blame ya if you wanna leave.\" \"I'm curious,\" he said, ignoring her comment. \"Why would the Warbucks' invite you to their wedding if you helped kidnap their daughter?\" \"It's actually a long story,\" Agatha said. \"We have time.\" A small smile touched his lips. At this, the knot in Agatha's stomach loosened a bit. \"You sure?\" she asked. \"Positive.\" For the first time in her life, Agatha knew she'd happened upon someone good. And what made it all the more strange is that she no longer feared he was going to get away.[Chapter 53] Two and a half weeks passed since the wedding. Agatha hoped Grace would be home and calling soon though she wasn't confident. She still couldn't believe that she and Oliver had managed a proper honeymoon with a child along. Even if they were home she figured Grace would be preoccupied for the time being. Yet, she couldn't wait any longer to tell her about Stanley. They'd been out nearly every night since their first date. Her excitement couldn't be contained any longer. Multiple times she'd picked up the phone to call and every time she hung it back up again. She didn't want to annoy Grace before telling her. She wanted her to share her excitement. She suspected Grace would eat this up. It wasn't every day she felt so animated. The change in her mood was unmistakable. Stanley wasn't perfect. She learned his flaws as quickly as he learned hers. It didn't make a bit of difference. Actually, Agatha was happy to discover he wasn't perfect. It made everything all the more real. He liked things just so — not something she was accustomed to. The first time he stepped foot in her apartment he was preoccupied with the breakfast dishes in the sink and the mish-mosh of shoes she always tossed in the corner. It was both charming and aggravating, but Agatha was glad to know someone who liked to clean. Another thing was he smoked heavily even by her standards. It'd been a while since she'd had a cigarette herself. She hadn't realized the strength of one until now. The major obstacle was the memory of his wife. While Agatha wasn't exactly jealous, she did wonder if he could ever come to truly love her. But this was a question for another day. Both of them agreed to take things slowly. Neither was ready to dive headfirst into a full-blown relationship. All of this proved worth it. He really was a kind man who was able to look past all of her faults and see who she'd become. A few more days passed before her phone finally rang. It was good timing, too, as Agatha was just about out the door when it did. \"We're back!\" Grace said cheerfully on the other line. With a smile, Agatha asked, \"How was Europe?\" \"It would have been better had we gone over Annie's summer break. We only spent a few days in England and the rest of the time was spent on the ship. It meant a lot to Oliver, though, taking me and Annie around where he grew up. I was impressed, to tell you the truth, he went to his old neighborhood at all.\" Agatha listened as Grace recapped their trip. She felt bad for only half listening. She justified it by reminding herself she managed to keep quiet about Stanley at the wedding. Once Grace was through with her story she'd be free to bask in her news. But to her dismay, Grace kept on talking and was beginning to make her late meeting Stanley. When she finally came to a pause, Agatha asked, \"Hey, you around for lunch or something soon? I actually gotta run…\" \"Oh, I'm sorry. You off to work?\" \"No, it's my day off. I actually have a lot to tell ya.\" \"Is something wrong?\" \"No,\" Agatha said, a bit annoyed that she'd assume something was right off the bat. \"It's good news. I'm just in a hurry otherwise I'd catch up now. When are you free?\" \"Any day this week,\" Grace answered. \"Do you want me to come by the diner?\" \"Yeah, maybe. I work all week. I might be able to get a lunch break though. Tuesdays have been pretty slow.\" \"Tuesday works fine. I'll see you then.\" \"See ya.\" After hanging up, Agatha grabbed her purse and rushed out the door, frustrated that she still hadn't been able to announce her news. But she wanted the moment to be perfect. For her, going steady with Stanley officially put her old life behind her. \"Good morning!\" Grace chirped as she entered the diner around 11:30 on Tuesday morning. \"Morning,\" Agatha smile, surprised to see her an hour earlier than her usual arrival time for their lunches. When Agatha was finished setting dishes down on one of the tables, Grace came over to hug her. \"How have you been?\" Agatha laughed. \"Grace, you were on your honeymoon, not trekking the Amazon.\" \"Can't I be excited to see you?\" \"Yeah, but you just came floating in. I see the honeymoon went well?\" she winked. Grace's face turned pink. \"Shh, there's people around.\" \"Oh, that's right,\" she whispered, \"when they saw the wedding announcement they knew when it came time for a baby the stork would be around.\" \"Knock it off, I just don't want to talk about it. And for your information, I'm in a good mood because I'm excited to hear your news. You said you wanted to tell me something?\" \"Yeah, but I can't get a break until after the lunch rush.\" \"That's all right. I took the day off from work so I figured I'd hang around here, have a cup of coffee, and chat while you can.\" \"Work? Why are you still working if you're married?\" \"I like to work.\" \"You're worth billions, kid. Enjoy it. You're living the dream.\" \"I've already discussed it with Oliver. As long as Annie is in school and we don't have a baby around I can keep working. And I want to. Besides, I'm not quite ready to surrender to him having a new, young, and perky secretary around.\" \"Better now than when you're bloated with a child.\" \"I'm going to put it off as long as possible. By the time I get too pregnant to work, I feel like I'll have enough other things on my mind that I won't care.\" Agatha shrugged. \"I still say embrace your role of the billionaire's wife. Don't happen often these days.\" \"The money isn't important to me.\" \"Gosh, you're so strange.\" \"Fine, fine. Just get me a cup of coffee.\" \"There ya go!\" \"I beg your pardon?\" \"Rich people order poor people around without a please or thank you.\" Grace couldn't help but laugh. \"They can also withhold their tips when their waitresses are snarky.\" With an exaggerated bow, \"Can I get you anything else, your highness?\" \"Coffee will be fine.\" \"Very well, madame.\" Agatha smirked. She was surprised to realize how much she'd missed her. Out of nowhere it seemed as though their friendship and picked up where it left off all those years ago. . . . \"So,\" Grace said as she took a bite of her Hot Dog. It was the first really nice day of spring so they opted to take a walk in the park. \"What's this thing you want to tell me?\" \"Finally,\" Agatha groaned. \"It's been killin' me having to wait.\" \"Must have been pretty soon after I left.\" \"Before. I wanted to tell you at the wedding, more or less.\" \"Wow, what is it?\" Grace asked in between another bite. \"I met someone!\" Agatha smiled wide, uncaring that she was sounding like… well, Grace. \"A man?\" \"Yes, a man.\" \"Oh, Agatha, that's wonderful! Well, go on, tell me about him.\" Setting her mostly untouched food down next to her, she continued. \"His name is Stanley Morris. I met him at the wedding.\" \"Stanley Morris… Wasn't he… oh! The head waiter?\" \"That's him.\" \"That's wonderful! He seems like a nice man.\" \"Is he ever. I was sure there was a catch but so far so good.\" \"It must be serious to hear you talking that way.\" Agatha tilted her head, picking up her Hot Dog again. \"Yes and no. We've been out several times but neither of us is eager to rush into any great commitment. See, his wife died a few years ago and he's only been out with a couple of women since then.\" \"Oh no,\" Grace sighed. \"I'm so sorry.\" \"For him or me?\" \"For him,\" she clarified. \"Must be rough.\" \"I already know I can't complete with a dead woman.\" \"I don't think it's a matter of competing. They're different relationships.\" \"I'm fine with it. If I have to be the second choice I'd rather be the second choice to a good man.\" \"Forgive my saying this, but I do hope you're not clinging onto him solely because he's kind and is giving you attention.\" \"I knew you'd say something like that.\" \"I don't mean to upset you, I just want to make sure you're happy.\" \"I am happy,\" Agatha said. \"Happier than I've been in a long time. Believe me, I gave the guy plenty of times to back out. I've been honest with him and he's been honest with me. That's why we're not rushing. Neither of us wants or need something bad.\" \"I didn't even realize you were really looking for someone.\" \"I wasn't, that's what makes this all so strange. I was resigned to the fact I was an old maid. Especially standing up there at the wedding. I mean, no offense, but next to Oliver I was the oldest one in the party.\" \"Leia isn't that much younger than you.\" \"She sure looks it.\" \"Come on, let's not get into this now. This is wonderful news!\" \"I swear if I knew where you were staying in England I would'a call you.\" Grace laughed. \"It was a small place with no phones. I think I mentioned before how Oliver took us to where he grew up.\" \"Yeah,\" Agatha said, feeling a lot more interested now that she'd been able to talk about Stanley. \"How'd that go? Didn't you say you were surprised?\" \"Immensely. He hates to speak of his past so it was odd he chose to take us there for our honeymoon of all things. It was more for Annie's sake than mine. The two of them share a bond that way. You know, a broken childhood and losing family.\" \"Really? I figured that guy was born rich.\" \"Heavens, no. Quite the opposite. He really struggled. Poor boy was working from the age of twelve. And not easy jobs, either.\" An eyebrow raised. For some reason Agatha has pegged him as someone who couldn't relate to the poor man. Grace continued. \"Given all that and his life leading up to it, he keeps a tight lip. But Annie has been saying she wanted to visit and he took her up on it. I had no idea that's what he'd planned for the honeymoon. Truth be told, that was the one thing I didn't have a hand in planning. I would have been just as happy staying in the states.\" \"I can't believe you spent such a short time there.\" \"It explains more why Annie came along. He's said we'll take a proper trip in the summer. He wants Annie to go to camp for a couple of weeks.\" \"I told ya you were gonna need time away from her.\" \"That wasn't really a problem. She was good about giving us space, especially on the ship. She made a friend on the way there and she ended up sleeping over with her one or two of the nights. She was fine with us having dinners alone once in a while, too.\" \"I'm impressed.\" \"In Europe, Oliver was kind of disconnected. He didn't want to admit he was upset by being there.\" \"Why did he go then if he knew it'd bring up old stuff?\" Agatha asked. Grace shrugged. \"For Annie. I think he wanted to get it over with if I'm being honest. I doubt we'll be going back. There's no need, anyway. None of his family is around anymore. I think he figured if we went on our honeymoon he'd at least have a distraction.\" Agatha smirked. \"Why are you so fascinated by this?\" Grace questioned, not bothering to hide her irritation. \"I guess 'cause I still see you as the gawky twenty-year-old you were when we first met.\" \"I wasn't gawky…\" Agatha laughed. \"Oh, yes you were. I remember you got so jealous and felt so threatened by when I went out with that guy you worked with at one of your jobs. Carl, was it?\" Grace had to think for a moment before she remembered. \"Oh… that?\" \"You had such a crush on him.\" \"Okay, so I was naive and unexperienced. I wasn't that long out of my teens, either.\" \"I know, that's what I mean. I guess I still see you like that girl sometimes. Weird, I know. Especially after everything that happened over the summer. But personally, I think a lot has changed since then. I know you're not still clumsy that way… well, not much.\" Mouth open, Grace rebutted. \"You seem to be forgetting I recently married the richest man in the world.\" \"Yeah, you got him all right. A mere ten years and you nabbed him.\" \"All right, so I'm shy at times.\" \"Which makes it all the more fun to tease you. I wouldn't call you experienced now, either. \"I'm not saying I am.\" \"In all seriousness, I'm glad you're happy.\" \"I really am.\" \"I hope someday I'll have something with Stanley like you have with Oliver.\" Squeezing her hand, Grace said, \"I hope so, too.\" \"You think… ah, never mind.\" \"What is it?\" \"Nothing, forget it.\" \"Come on, tell me.\" \"I don't wanna impose.\" \"You're not an imposition.\" Agatha sighed. \"I'd like you to meet Stanley. Formally, I mean. I was thinkin' that maybe… if Oliver will allow it… maybe he and I could come to dinner sometime?\" \"That's a splendid idea!\" \"Yeah?\" \"You'll be our first guests as a married couple!\" Playfully, Agatha groaned. \"Oh no, what have I gotten poor Stanley into?\" Grace stuck out her tongue. \"I don't want anything fancy and neither will he. Just a simple dinner with simple food. We don't have exquisite tastes. Put on a good sauce and we'll be happy.\" \"I think that can be arranged.\" \"Thank you. I mean it, nothing formal.\" \"You can trust me.\" \"I know… just being your first official guests worried me.\" \"Agatha, I can be excited about something without going overboard. You know, I was telling Oliver a few weeks back about that Christmas with the tree that took up half our living room…\" \"Yeah… what of it?\" \"I'm not the exact same person I was when I was twenty. Of course some of those qualities remained but I can keep it in check.\" \"What about the wedding? You told me it was going to be small and from where I stood it was not a handful of guests.\" \"That got out of hand without my trying. The church was going to be the same size no matter the number of people and the house is certainly big enough for any sized part. Believe me, my dream wedding would have consisted of a forth of the people who came and a party more like the latter one where we sat around sipping drinks.\" \"Guess you gotta get used to that bein' the wife of Oliver Warbucks, huh?\" Grace sighed. \"Hasn't been easy. You should have seen the number of cameras pointed at us as we boarded the ship.\" \"Oh, yeah, I think I saw those pictures in the newspaper.\" \"Why anyone cares is beyond me.\" \"You took the single most eligible bachelor on this planet off the market. Believe me, people care.\" \"Only because I was his secretary.\" \"Nonsense,\" Agatha said, getting the feeling this has been an ongoing issue. \"If you'd been some rich society dame you would have twice as many people hounding you.\" \"Perhaps, but with a lot less gossip.\" \"Since when do you care what people think?\" \"I don't think I would as much if it weren't for Annie. Not that I think anything has ever got back to her but I always worry. She shouldn't have to worry about those things. I knew when Oliver and I got involved I'd be faced with questioning. It just grows tiresome, you know?\" \"Trust me, I know all about people talking behind people's backs. You don't think I was the topic of some chatter? I mean, I was too drunk to care but now it bothers me some. Hell, take me and Rooster? Even though \" \"I don't understand if people knew how you got to keep your job at the orphanage for so long.\" \"I'm not the first bad matron and I guarantee you I wasn't the last. Just that when the public knows you're rotten they decide it's time to rehire.\" \"That's terrible…\" \"The system sounds good from the outside but it's terrible through and through.\" \"But with people so eager for jobs, why would they jeopardize it? Or rather, why not let go of people and rehire?\" \"Because a bunch of snot-nosed little kids ain't worth the money. Especially when their parents are dumping them at the doorsteps because they can't afford to feed them. After the Depression started the occupancy doubled everywhere. Even if I hadn't swindled the funds the kids wouldn't have been living up to the public's standard. Nothing I could'a done that forced them to double up on beds. Most of the donated foods were scraps anyway. People didn't have money to feed themselves let alone kids that weren't theirs.\" \"Wow… I knew things were terrible but I didn't realize just how much was going on.\" \"I ain't trying to justify anything I did.\" \"I know.\" \"Good.\" Wondering how their conversation had taken this turn, Grace cleared her throat. \"I suppose instead of worrying about idle gossip among Oliver's 'friends' and people who have nothing better to do than talk about stranger's lives I should be using my place to try and help. I know Annie and her friends would help out. Maybe I can go to Mr. Donetelli, try and see where things are going wrong. First things first is to get some decent food around, though.\" \"It's not going to be as simple as all that.\" \"I know it isn't.\" Agatha gave a soft smile. \"If anyone can start fixin' things though, it'll be you.\" \"I sure hope so.\" The bell on the clock tower gave a sudden and startling couple of chimes. Looking up, Agatha flew to her feet. \"Oh crap, I was supposed to be back at work half an hour ago.\" \"Go on,\" Grace said, standing herself. \"I'll take care of our mess here.\" \"Thanks,\" Agatha said she as picked up her purse and began walking away. \"Let me know when you want me and Stanley to be over for dinner. He has an odd schedule.\" Shouting back, Grace said, \"Don't worry about it right now. I'll call you tomorrow.\" Giving a thumbs up, Agatha picked up her speed and soon disappeared around the corner. Picking up the wrappings and napkins from their lunch, Grace smiled. Things weren't so bad — a welcome relief after the craziness that had ensued since summer. She was thankful to have her best friend back. And seeing her eyes light up as she spoke of Stanley, Grace could tell Agatha was better off now than any of the years she'd known her.[Chapter 54] \"Oliver, are you ready?\" Grace asked upon knocking on the bedroom door. \"They're going to be here any minute.\" \"I was ready,\" Oliver grumbled as he buttoned his sweater. \"I don't understand why you sent me upstairs to change.\" \"Because you were wearing your work clothes.\" \"Darling, my work clothes are my everyday clothes. What's this recent obsession with wanting me to dress casually?\" \"It's not an obsession. I just think it'd be nice if we had some elements of a regular existence.\" \"I'm not accustomed to regular. Suppose I should have to rush out to a meeting?\" \"I won't allow it when we have company.\" \"Why did we have to have dinner here, anyway. It's been a while since we've gone out.\" \"We went out last week,\" she reminded. \"And to me that's a while.\" Grace sighed. \"Is it such a crime to want some normalcy?\" \"There is nothing normal about our lives,\" Oliver said with a hint of a chuckle, walking over to where she stood in the doorway and giving her a quick kiss. \"And I'd still like to know where this is coming from all of a sudden.\" With a shrug, she said, \"It's not all of a sudden. Sometimes I think the thought of a more traditional life is nice. What's the harm in that?\" \"Are you suggesting we give all this up?\" He gestured to their well-furnished bedroom. \"Of course not,\" she replied, reaching her hands up to fix his collar. \"I'm just saying we don't need to live in suits and gowns all our lives.\" \"I only want the best for you an Annie.\" \"We are fine living simply.\" \"You're telling me the girl who just last weekend invited half her class to be treated at Rumplemeyer's is not accustomed to the finer things in life?\" Grace laughed. He had a point. \"I guess I can try being domestic,\" Oliver then said. \"But remember I worked awfully hard to get to where I am now.\" \"I know you did.\" Taking his hands, she finished, \"And I would never expect you to give up the life you built yourself.\" \"And yet I would throw it all away if you so wished.\" Wrapping her arms around his waist and resting her head on his chest. \"And I won't.\" Hugged her back, Oliver smiled and let out a breath. \"Let's go have dinner.\" . . . As per Agatha's request, Grace made sure a simple dinner was prepared. Agatha seemed nervous to the point of giddiness. Grace wasn't sure why. Stanley was a fine man. Obviously he'd been a great influence on her already. Perhaps it was being around Oliver. Sure, she made it through the wedding but there were several other people around. It wasn't such an intimate setting. Had there been a discreet way to pull her aside and talk to her she would have. Mostly because she wanted to tell her how happy she was about her and Stanley. Never before had she heard such emotion when Agatha spoke. It didn't seem like it was for show, either. Part of her nervousness, perhaps, but she'd also noticed it when she first announced she was seeing him. Grace prayed for Agatha's sake that he didn't turn on her in the end. \"I have to admit,\" Stanley said as the dinner dishes were being cleared, \"I wasn't so sure I'd enjoy myself in a place like this. Nothing personal against you both, I'm just not used to having cooks and butlers.\" Grace nodded. \"Agatha said as much. Having lived one way for so long it's easy to forget.\" \"I'm starting to think I could get used to it now and then,\" he winked in Agatha's direction. \"Money ain't so bad after all,\" Agatha said. \"I've found it to a nice novelty,\" Oliver chimed in with a laugh. \"I admire that you use your fortune to help others,\" Stanley continued. \"Just the other day I was reading in the paper that you've signed on with the New Deal.\" Grace had to contain a snicker. It had not been by choice, rather, Annie's constant persuasion. \"Yes…\" Oliver said. \"Well, Franklin believes it will be beneficial.\" \"What does the country have to lose at this point?\" Oliver shrugged. He still believed getting focuses on reopening his factories and creating other jobs would be the best route. Unable to contain her amusement, she added for the sake of poking fun at her husband, \"Annie is most excited to be getting involved.\" She could see Oliver's agitated glance in her peripheral vision. \"How is Annie adjusting from rags to riches?\" Stanley asked. \"Wonderfully,\" Grace answered, \"though lately she's taken to making extravagant plans with her friends.\" \"Oh gosh,\" Agatha said, swallowing the last of her water. \"Like what?\" \"Different outings and such. Oliver was mentioning before you came her latest party. It turned out to be one, anyway. She invited a group of kids out for ice cream.\" From the doorway, a small voice sounded. \"I said I would ask first next time.\" The four adults turned to look at Annie, all letting out a laugh as she walked over to the table. \"Did you take Sandy for his walk?\" Grace asked. Annie nodded. \"Mhmm. Twice around the block.\" \"Good.\" \"Can I have some dessert before I go to bed? I smelled it baking when I visited Mrs. Pugh earlier.\" \"Of course,\" Oliver answered. \"If your homework is finished.\" \"Finished it before I took Sandy out.\" Tilting her head in the direction of Agatha and Stanley, Grace reminded, \"Say hello before you sit down.\" Annie turned. \"Hello, Miss Hannigan. Hello…\" \"Stanley Morris,\" Stanley answered with a smile. \"Hello, Mr. Morris,\" Annie grinned. Just as Annie took a seat next to Oliver, Drake came in with an apple pie on a tray, setting it down on the table. . . . \"So…\" Agatha started the first minute she and Grace were alone. Oliver and Stanley were in the study with their brandies. Grace and Agatha opted for tea which they went to prepare themselves. \"What do you think of Stanley?\" \"I think he's wonderful.\" \"Honest?\" \"Honest.\" \"I really like him, Grace.\" Setting two teacups in front of them, Grace questioned, \"Why do you sound so guilty about it?\" \"I think the worry is starting to get to me. I'm not used to having something good.\" Grace shrugged. \"I don't know, I think our friendship has been a nice thing.\" \"It is… but we did lose a lot of time over something stupid. I don't think I have it in me to go through that again.\" Grace frowned, putting her hand on Agatha's shoulder. \"Just because it happened to us doesn't mean it will happen with you and Stanley. First of all, you two have a very different relationship than we had. Second, you are different now than you were when we met and Stanley is a different person from me. Don't cause what you fear most.\" \"But how? I was always scared something would screw up our friendship and it did. Then I screwed up my life.\" \"You're just going to have to trust that it will be different. I know I've only just met the man, well, outside of work, but I can tell he's committed.\" \"You think so?\" Agatha asked over the slow and rising whistle of the tea kettle. \"Absolutely. Don't you notice how often he grabs your hand or your arm?\" \"I mean, yeah, but that could mean anything.\" Grace retrieved the pot and started pouring the water into each of their cups. \"It means he likes you. Besides, if he's looking to take it slow he's interested in more than a fling.\" \"I just don't get it.\" \"Don't get what?\" \"I don't get why anyone would want to hitch themselves to me. What can I possibly have to offer? I have no ambitions for a career, let alone enough lifetime for one, I'm still recovering from my boozing, and I have no desire for children. Anyways, he's already done the kid thing. He hasn't said as much but I doubt he's looking to do it again at his age.\" \"How old is he, anyhow? I couldn't tell.\" \"Around Oliver's age, I guess.\" \"Well, I think you need to have the children discussion sooner than later. Ignoring it could only lead to trouble down the line.\" \"Why? I figure by the time we get married — if we get married — I'll be too old to have kids.\" \"Still, you don't want to find this out on your honeymoon.\" \"Did you and Oliver have the conversation?\" \"We didn't need to.\" With a scoff, Agatha said, \"Of course.\" \"We didn't need to because he'd already adopted Annie. Plus, he knew I wanted kids. He's made mention, too. It all happened naturally.\" \"Who's to say it won't happen naturally for Stanley and me?\" \"I didn't say it wouldn't. You just seem preoccupied with the thought. I don't want to see you dismiss it and have it be a problem later on.\" Agatha shook her head. \"It's too soon. You can't say you're gonna take it slow and then ask if you want kids out of the blue.\" \"I wasn't suggesting you go and find him now. When the time is right.\" \"… But what if the answer is yes?\" Pulling out a stool, seeing this conversation was going to continue, Grace sat and gestured for Agatha to do the same. \"Then you have to decide what's going to be best for you. Pursuing a relationship with someone who wants different things or compromising.\" Choosing to stay on her feet, Agatha replied, \"It can hardly be called compromising when I'm going to be the one pushing the kid out and taking care of it.\" \"Precisely my point.\" \"It's a lose, lose situation. I lose Stanley or gain a kid I don't want.\" \"You're not taking into consideration that your wants may change down the line.\" \"Believe me, I will never want a child.\" \"Oliver said the same thing to me last summer.\" Confused, Agatha said, \"Didn't you just tell me he said-\" Grace interrupted. \"When I asked for him to keep Annie he said he doesn't now and never will love children. By fall, Annie was his daughter and he looked forward to him and me someday having a child of our own.\" \"You can't possibly be comparing me to Oliver.\" \"I'm not entirely. My point is you never know.\" \"Please, you've wanted a child since you were one.\" \"Perhaps,\" Grace said, \"but I never thought my first child would be eleven years old when she became legally mine. I never sought out to marry a rich man. I wanted a simple life that mirrored my own childhood. I guess I still want that…\" \"You're not being helpful.\" Getting her mind back on track, she continued, \"But overall I'm okay not having that life. I was open to something. Heck, I thought I'd chosen a career for good by the time I turned thirty.\" \"But you had a thing for Oliver.\" \"Did I act on it?\" \"Eventually.\" \"Only because of Annie. Even then I waited for him to initiate it.\" \"What's your point, Grace?\" \"I've already told you my point. You just don't know how life is going to work out. You can't live for one vision alone. You have to be willing to see what else might be in store. In a year from now you might want to have a child with Stanley. Not because you want a child per se, but because you love Stanley.\" \"That doesn't make any sense.\" \"Believe me, you'll understand as time goes on. The longer I'm with Oliver, the more I find myself wanting a child because he will be the father than I do the child themself. Don't misunderstand me — I do want another child. But I'm most excited to see how Oliver responds to our baby.\" \"You're forgetting that you're a much more lovey-dovey kind of person. What I feel for Stanley is strange. I'm crazy about him but I just don't see myself being capable of loving him the way you so clearly love Oliver.\" \"It takes time. And of course you won't love him the exact same way. My relationship with Oliver is my relationship with Oliver. Your relationship with Stanley is your relationship with Stanley. There isn't any room for comparison.\" Letting out a long breath, Agatha said, \"I guess it doesn't matter much right now anyway. It really is too soon for any future plans and wishes. I just don't wanna lose him.\" \"Then hang onto him. Let yourself love him and let yourself trust that it's going to be different this time.\" \"How can you be so sure?\" \"You've paid your dues. It's about time you're dealt a good hand.\" Unable to help the smile that tugged at her lips, Agatha surrendered. \"I sure hope you're right.\" Standing up, Grace said, \"I think our tea is cooled by now. Let's go see how the boys are getting along.\" Agatha chuckled. \"Sounds strange… but it sounds good, too.\"[Chapter 55] I apologize for how fast the final three chapters move. I felt it was necessary to bring things to a conclusion otherwise this story could have gone on forever. I'm impressed I stuck with it, honestly. I think I've mentioned this before but this story was only supposed to be eight to ten chapters... 1935 As far as Agatha was concerned, the fact over an entire year went by without a hitch. Her relationship with Stanley is still going strong as was her friendship with Grace. Grace was a couple months away from her first children, and work… well, it was the same as always which was all she could ask for. Normalcy. For the first time, there was normalcy. Agatha was at the mansion at least once a week, Stanley sometimes coming along when he didn't have to work. To everyone's surprise, he and Oliver became good friends. No one was happier about this than Grace. She'd never seen him with a real friend. Agatha was amused more than anything. It was as though Oliver's previous hostility toward her had never existed. Even her past with Annie seemed irrelevant now. Agatha didn't even flinch anymore when she had other girls from the orphanage over at the same time. None of this really felt real, but Agatha couldn't find it in herself to complain. \"Hey,\" Agatha said upon entering the morning room. \"Sorry I'm late. I know it's my day off but Andy asked me to come in for a couple hours this morning.\" \"No problem,\" Grace smiled, attempting to sit up. \"I've been in slow motion today.\" \"You feelin' okay?\" \"Eh,\" she hummed. \"I thought my morning sickness days were over. I think I ate too much last night.\" \"Need me to get you anything?\" \"No, thank you. I'll be fine. Oliver comes back from Maine today so I'm sure I'll feel better knowing he's home.\" \"Oh, that's right,\" Agatha as she sat in her usual chair across from her. \"I forgot. What's he doing there again?\" \"He's getting ready to open another factory.\" \"He needs another?\" \"More job for people there. The land is good, too. I think it will do the area well.\" \"I guess that's good. Just hope he won't be too busy when your little brat comes along.\" \"Believe me, I don't intend on letting him out of my sight,\" she smiled. \"Honestly, I'm surprised you're letting him out of your sight now.\" Grace shrugged, \"I think he could use a break from me. He's been getting the brunt of my short temper lately. I don't try to snap at him but he's around more often than not.\" \"Ah, if he's been away that explains why you got angry at me for forgetting to leave off the cucumbers on your salad when I made you lunch the other day.\" Grace gave an apologetic laugh. \"Yes, perhaps that's it… I'm sorry.\" \"Don't worry about it. I can't imagine what it's like to have a human sitting inside you.\" \"It's interesting. I will admit though it was a much more magical experience in the beginning before the baby started kicking me awake at night. I'm getting so big now I'm having a hard time finding a comfortable way to sleep.\" \"Only a matter of weeks now, right?\" \"Gosh, I hope so,\" she sighed. \"I'm anxious to see what the little guy looks like.\" \"You think it's a boy?\" Agatha questioned. \"I don't know, really. Seems to be the first thing out of my mouth though. I wonder if that means anything?\" \"That you're hoping for a boy?\" Grace laughed. \"I know Oliver sure is. I wouldn't mind a boy either. That way we have one of each.\" \"Is Annie looking forward to a sibling?\" \"Definitely. She's been helping me decorate the room and everything. I worry the jealousy will kick in after the birth.\" \"She'll get over it.\" \"I hope so.\" Leaning forward, Agatha then asked, \"How are you taking the impending pain, by the way?\" \"Surprisingly well,\" Grace answered. \"I'm nervous, of course. But I'm not in an all-out panic.\" \"That's good. I'd be crossin' my legs and demanding it stay put.\" Again, Grace laughed, \"Like I said, I'm eager to see the baby. Whatever happens, I'll heal and recover.\" \"Watch, you'll be pregnant again by next year.\" \"I'm not sure about that. I think I want a little more space between kids.\" \"Good, I was afraid you were going to be one of those women who kept pumping them out every chance she gets.\" \"No,\" Grace said pursing her lips in amusement. \"Perhaps that would have been true had I married ten years ago. Now I am far too old.\" \"Oh, please. You're not even thirty-five yet.\" \"Still, I'm older than most first-time mothers.\" \"I'm still gonna put my money down on the second pregnancy by the end of next year. But enough about all this. When you called you said you wanted to talk to me about something?\" \"Oh, yes,\" Grace said, stretching her back and preparing to stand up. \"I nearly forgot.\" \"You sounded serious.\" Getting to her feet, Grace walked over to her desk and opened one of the top drawers. \"As you know, I'm organizing a drive for the New York orphanages.\" \"Yeah?\" Agatha said, turning around to face her. \"My timing was thrown off with my due date. So was my energy. I'd agreed to help Cecile making some dresses for the girls but even with my decreased time at work I haven't been able to wrap my head around it. Annie says you sew well…\" Seeing exactly where this was headed, Agatha stood, \"Please, no. I'm sorry but I can't.\" \"I know it's an imposition but I really need the help. You don't even have to do the details, I can manage that part. I just can't sit and stand over a sewing machine anymore.\" \"Reminder that I do have a full-time job.\" \"A couple hours every day, that's all I'm asking.\" \"That's a lot. I spend my evenings with Stanley.\" \"I'm sure he'll understand. Besides, you can do it at home and bring them back here whenever you can.\" \"I don't have a sewing machine.\" \"I'll have one sent.\" Agatha let out a groan. \"Grace…\" Walking closer to her, holding a folder in front of her, Grace said, \"Please? I really need your help. I've tried to keep up with everything but it's too much. How often do I ask for a favor?\" Sigh in defeat after a few seconds, Agatha begrudgingly brought her hand up to the folder. \"… Not often.\" \"It means a lot to me. \"Fine. I'll do it. But how many dresses are we talking?\" \"About… one-hundred…\" \"One-hundred?!\" Agatha gasped, immediately dropping the folder. \"Are you insane?\" \"One-hundred base dresses. Some will be smaller so it won't take as long.\" Pointing to the ground, she finished, \"I have a list of the sizes in there. It shouldn't take you long.\" \"I haven't done any sewing in years. At best I can do ten in time.\" \"Ah, you'll pick it up in no time. You don't have to worry about finding the materials. And I'm sure Annie wouldn't mind coming over to lend a hand if you need it.\" Agatha laughed as she bent over to pick up the mess of papers. \"Absolutely not. I have no desire to remember what it was like sewing with kids, especially when I was only teaching them for my own gain.\" Sometimes Grace forgot about all of this. However, the reminder proved helpful at this moment. \"All the more reason to help, don't you think?\" Agatha froze, then looked up at Grace. Her eyes shaped into a glare, knowing she'd won this argument. \"So, explain to me why your apartment is covered in miles of fabric?\" Stanley asked one night a couple days later. \"Grace needs my help with the whole charity drive thing she's doing,\" Agatha answered while holding a strand of thread in her teeth. \"It's really all Annie's fault when I think about it. The kid told her that I was good at this. Maybe so, but I hate it.\" \"Why didn't you simply tell her no? This is more work than one person can handle.\" Shifting her eyes toward him, Agatha replied, \"You don't think I tried? She won me with guilt.\" \"What did she say?\" \"That it would be good to help after what I put the kids through when I was working there.\" Stanley whistled. \"Yikes. That's a bit harsh.\" \"Well… she didn't use those exact words. Actually, I kinda brought it up myself when she suggested Annie help me. But she's right. How can I refuse when I owe it to those kids?\" \"You're a different person now, Aggie.\" \"I know I am.\" She finally took the thread out of her mouth. \"And because of that part of me wants to do this.\" \"I just don't want to see you overwhelm yourself. One-hundred is a lot.\" \"I know it is. I got one done so far. I'm rusty but Grace said she can handle the touch-ups. Those are the real tedious parts.\" \"Well, as long as you're sure… I'd offer to help but I know nothing about sewing.\" \"That's okay. I'll enlist you to take care of bringing me food,\" she grinned. With a chuckle, Stanley bent down to kiss her. \"And what will the seamstress be having for dinner?\" \"Whatever the chef can throw together with whatever is left in my fridge.\" \"You forgot to go grocery shopping again?\" \"Another tight week,\" Agatha said, breaking the eye contact. Knowingly, Stanley asked, \"Still missing some customers?\" \"Yep,\" she nodded. \"Andy said he won't let me go but it might boil down to having to work for tips.\" \"Aggie, I've told you before and I'll tell you again. I make enough for the both of us. Business has been better than ever thanks to Oliver.\" \"I'm used to working,\" Agatha said, looking back at him again. \"I'm gonna hang onto it for as long as I can. Anyways, I gotta pay my rent.\" Walking back over to where she was sitting, Stanley said, \"I could take care of that, too.\" \"Hell no. That's not your responsibility.\" \"Why not?\" \"Because it's… weird. I mean, if we were married it'd be different or something.\" Stanley was quiet a moment, giving Agatha just enough time to regret saying the 'M' word. But instead of making an excuse to leave, he said, \"You think about that?\" \"… No?\" Stanley laughed. \"Sure.\" Setting down the piece of fabric in her hand along with the scissors in her hand, she said, \"So what if I do? We've been goin' together for a while now. I can only assume things are gonna continue this way. You haven't given me a reason to think otherwise.\" \"I haven't.\" \"So let's drop it then. We're both happy.\" \"Maybe we could be happier…\" She looked up at him again, wondering how this had gone from a rent discussion to one about their future. \"What do you mean?\" \"Maybe it wouldn't be so bad if we, you know, made things official.\" Agatha stood, feeling like she needed some space from him to process what was being said. When she failed to reply, Stanley said with a frown, \"It was just a thought.\" \"No… I know,\" she said, \"I'm just surprised. I mean, there was never any implication.\" \"I wasn't sure how you felt about the idea.\" \"I was always afraid to mention it.\" \"How come?\" he questioned. \"Well… because of…\" Agatha stammered, afraid to give her answer. Alas, she didn't have time to think of anything different. \"Because of Margaret.\" Walking over to her, he reached for her hands. \"I will always love her… you know that. But you haven't tried to replace her. The other women I've dated all wanted to make me forget her. It's been lonely. I look forward to seeing you every day. We have a good time together. And call me crazy but enjoy the messes you get yourself into.\" He winked. \"What you and I have is different than what I had with Margaret. I wouldn't want it to be the same.\" \"A good different?\" \"A great different.\" Wrapping her arms around him, Agatha rested her head against his. \"I like the idea.\" \"Yeah?\" he said, kissing her her nose. \"Yeah…\" She then pulled back, \"But only if this ain't your way of trying to pay my rent.\" With a devious grin, Stanley said, \"Ah… can't say no to me now.\" \"You're right. I'm just gonna move all this crap into your apartment now.\" Looking around at the dozen fabric panels and patterns sprawled everywhere. \"I take back my proposal.\" \"Oh no, I'm holding you do it, buddy.\" She covered his mouth before he had the chance to say anything else, removing it only to kiss him.[Chapter 56] The next day, unable to contain her excitement, Agatha burst into the dining room, unannounced, hoping to catch Grace before she started work. \"Good morning, Agatha,\" Oliver said after everyone in the room jumped. \"Where's Grace,\" she asked after a quick scan on the room and saw only Oliver and Annie at the table. \"She had to go again,\" Annie giggled, stopping upon Oliver's shush. \"Is something that matter?\" Oliver asked. \"No, every thing's fine. There's just something I wanna tell her.\" \"Like what?\" Annie questioned. \"I really should tell Grace first.\" \"Very well,\" Oliver said, not too curious. Annie, on the other hand, wanted to know. \"Please, Miss Hannigan? I won't tell her. Whisper it to me so Daddy won't hear.\" Agatha was about to give in when Grace stepped in. \"Oh, good morning, Agatha. I didn't expect to see you here today.\" \"I'm getting married!\" Agatha said as she whirled around to face her. Simultaneously, the three Warbucks' said, \"What?\" \"I'm glad that's such a shock,\" Agatha said with a roll of her eyes. \"Oh, Agatha, Grace stood back up, \"That's wonderful news!\" \"It is, isn't it?\" \"Can I be the flower girl?!\" Annie asked excitedly. \"Congratulations, Agatha,\" Oliver said. \"And to Stanley as well.\" \"Thank you, and I guess so, Annie. We haven't made any plans yet. I'm hoping it'll be small.\" \"How did it happen? Has he been planning it for a while? Did he chose a romantic place?\" Oliver stood now, picking up his plate and cup. \"I think I'll finish the rest of my meal in the office. I sense a girly conversation coming on.\" \"Oh, fine,\" Grace said, shooing him away. \"Can I stay, Mom? Please?\" \"Only a few minutes. You've got to get to school.\" Sitting down, Agatha answered the initial question. \"Nah, it was really sudden.\" \"Where did it happen, at least?\" Grace asked, sitting once more herself. \"In my apartment. It was funny, really. We were talking about making those dresses for your thing and all of a sudden he's asking how I felt about marrying him.\" \"Did he give you a ring?\" Annie added. \"Not yet. He said he'll buy me one sometime this week.\" \"Leapin' lizards, I can't wait to see it!\" \"I'm so happy for you, Agatha,\" Grace said, reaching over to squeeze her hand. \"Do you have any idea when you'll have the ceremony.\" \"Honestly, no. Soon, I hope. No offense but I saw the trouble you and Oliver went through and I will have none of that.\" \"None taken.\" \"Are you gonna have it at the same church?\" Annie questioned. \"Um… no, I don't think so. I was thinking something more along the lines of city hall.\" \"City hall?\" Grace said. \"That doesn't seem very romantic.\" \"I'm not looking for romantic.\" \"Still… it's your wedding.\" \"Reminder that you and I are different people.\" \"I know, I know.\" Annie chimed in again. \"Can I still be a flower girl?\" Responding for Agatha, Grace said, \"I think it's about time you get going, dear.\" Annie grumbled, but obey. \"Fine. See ya, Miss Hannigan. But think about it?\" \"Of course.\" \"Bye, Mom.\" \"Have a good day, sweetheart,\" Grace called after. Feeling a bit of relief that Annie was gone, Agatha turned back to Grace. \"You don't think it's too fast, do you?\" \"Of course not. Why do you ask?\" \"Because,\" she started, \"when we said we'd take it slow I didn't figure we'd even talk about it for another couple year. I had absolutely no idea he was thinking about marriage.\" An eyebrow raised. \"Now I'm confused… I thought you were happy to be getting married.\" \"Oh, I am. I'm just… I don't get it.\" \"Why question it? I've never seen you happier.\" \"I am happy, and I thought I was okay with being happy. I'm just worried because there's so much we haven't discussed. Are we moving into his place? Getting a place of our own? Does he expect me to stop working? I mean, the whole thing was prompted by him wanting to take care of me. Then, of course, there's that dreaded matter of children.\" \"Your thoughts on that haven't changed at all?\" Looking at Grace's belly and then back at her face, Agatha answered, \"Ask me when you don't look at that.\" Grace looked down at herself a moment, then nonchalantly bringing a hand to her bump as she continued. \"You can't put off any of these discussions.\" \"I know…\" \"Just get it over with. It can't be any worse than letting it stew.\" \"It just seems like a weird thing to bring up out of the blue.\" \"Figure out some sort of lead in.\" \"Like what?\" Agatha asked. \"I don't know… Oh! You can use me.\" \"What?\" \"Next time you see him, say that you visited me earlier and you helped me… oh, I don't know, pick out baby furniture.\" \"That sounds boring.\" \"You don't have to actually pick out furniture with me. Just say that you did or whatever you want that relates to the baby. Then you can casually ask him if he's ever thought about having another child.\" \"But what if he says yes thinking I'm eager to have one.\" Just be mindful of your tone.\" \"I dunno… I don't want to wreck everything you have.\" Grace sighed. \"I can't tell you what to do. All I can say is that it will be easier now than after you're married.\" Agatha knew she was right, but still, she wasn't quite ready to let go of him. \"Grace and I went shopping for baby furniture today.\" Agatha couldn't believe she was actually doing this, let alone using this ridiculous story. \"Oh yeah?\" Stanley asked before lighting his cigarette. Once it was like, he asked, \"How did that go?\" \"Oh, you know… lots of cribs and stuff.\" \"How's the room coming along?\" \"Fine,\" she said, looking for a place to jump in with the question. She'd agonized over it for two days now. It got to the point where his answer couldn't feel any worse than the wondering. \"Never realized how much prep it takes to have a kid.\" \"Does it ever,\" he said as he leaned back against the couch, putting his feet up on the coffee table. Meanwhile, Agatha was busy at her sewing machine. The one good thing about her preoccupation with this question was that she was knocking dresses off the list at a fast pace. Only eighty-three more to go… \"Don't know where she finds the energy…\" \"If she's tired now just wait until the baby comes.\" Feeling some hope from this, Agatha looked up just long enough to say, \"Glad those days are over, huh?\" \"Yes, I suppose.\" The word 'suppose' scared her. \"… Yeah?\" \"It was also a good time,\" he continued. \"It's a strange but great feeling looking at something you helped create.\" \"Oh…\" \"What's the matter?\" Pushing the pedal on the sewing machine, Agatha said, \"Oh, nothing.\" \"Come on, what gives?\" She spoke over the rumbling. \"Nothing, I said.\" \"I feel like you're trying to tell me something.\" \"I'm not trying to tell you something.\" She was trying to ask him something. \"You're not thinking about having a child yourself, are you?\" Well, she thought, here it goes. \"No, I'm not.\" \"You can tell me if you are,\" Stanley said, sitting up. \"Can I tell you if I'm not?\" \"What?\" Agatha sighed, setting down her work and standing to join him on the sofa. \"I don't… I don't want a child.\" \"Is that why you're acting strange?\" \"Yes.\" To her surprise, Stanley laughed. \"I didn't think you did.\" \"You didn't?\" \"When you tell stories of working from the orphanage, not once did I think, 'Hey, he's a gal who's just waiting for the day she comes a mother'.\" Agatha blushed. \"So… you're not disappointed?\" \"Honey, listen to me. If we find out we have a baby coming I'm not gonna be wallowing in dread. Do I want to go through the hassle of trying? Not really.\" Agatha relaxed. \"Thank God.\" \"I hope you're at least open to the possibility…?\" \"Well, yeah, I guess. I don't think it's likely but I won't go beating it out of me should it happen.\" \"That's all I ask.\" \"You're really okay with this?\" \"Agatha, I have three children. Yes, they're grown, but I don't particularly miss the days of diapers. I have happy memories from then, but I feel I'm too old now to relive it.\" \"That's exactly how I feel. I was never good with kids, anyway. Annie'll tell you.\" He chuckled. \"It's different when it's your own. I was never good with them, either. It's something you grow into.\" \"I sure as hell didn't.\" \"Again, it's different.\" Agatha was silent a moment before she smiled. \"I love you a lot, you know that?\" Wrapping an arm around her, Stanley said, \"I love you, too.\" Agatha leaned into him, resting her head on his shoulder. \"Now we have to set a date for the wedding.\" \"I suppose I may as well ask you a question of my own.\" Looking up at him, she said, \"What's that?\" \"You're not going to compete with Grace on this, right?\" Shaking her head, Agatha answered, \"Not if you paid me.\" \"Good,\" Stanley said with his own bit of relief. \"I don't have a big party in me.\" \"I was thinking… maybe… just a civil ceremony at city hall? I'd like Grace and everyone there and everything but otherwise, there's no one else for me to invite. Maybe Andy and his wife. They've been good to me. But that's it.\" \"I'd like my kids there,\" he said, \"naturally. And my brother. Oh, and a couple of guys I work with. But that's it for my list.\" \"Gee, this went better than I thought.\" \"I have to agree,\" he teased. \"Any other cans of worms that need to be opened?\" \"Well, now that you mention it…\" \"I can take it.\" \"You'll let me keep working, right?\" \"If that's what you want.\" \"It is.\" \"Then who am I to say otherwise.\" Sitting up, Agatha gave him a small pinch on his arm. \"Ow!\" he flinched. \"What's that all about.\" \"Sorry… I needed to make sure you were real.\" Rolling his eyes, Stanley swatted her shoulder. \"Don't you have dresses to sew?\" \"Oh yeah,\" Agatha said before sticking out her tongue. \"Maybe I'll cross Grace off the guest list.\" With a laugh, he said, \"I don't see that going over well.\" \"You're right,\" she said as she stood. \"Annie is dead-set on being our flower girl. I fear her revenge will be ruthless otherwise.\" \"Then I guess it's settled.\" Sitting back down at the sewing machine, Agatha suddenly felt foolish to have worried so much about this. I guess the curse of my life really has been lifted. \"It's so exciting, isn't it?\" \"What is?\" Oliver asked through a mouth full of toothpaste. \"Agatha and Stanley.\" \"Oh, that.\" \"You don't see too enthused.\" After spitting, he reached for a towel to wipe his mouth. \"I am very happy for them. I just think you girls get more excited over it than the men do.\" \"Are you saying you weren't excited at our wedding?\" \"Of course I was,\" he said, now entering the bedroom. \"But because I was marrying you. I'm not marrying Agatha. I really am happy for them but it's also another wedding.\" With a frown, Grace slumped down on the bed. \"Couldn't you at least pretend you're excited? Not just for my sake but for Agatha's as well?\" Letting out a long sigh, knowing he needed to choose his words carefully, he sat down next to her, brushed a strand of hair away from her face. \"I am, excited, Grace. I know sometimes I don't show it but I promise you I am. It's late. We're both tired.\" \"You're tired?\" She stood. \"You got to sit in cushy meetings all day while I ran around trying to get the baby's room painted and handle the furniture deliveries. On top of that Agatha dropped off her first batch of dresses when she stopped over this morning and I had to start finishing them.\" \"Sweetheart, I think it's time you start slowing down.\" \"Ha, and wait for the baby to be born to pick everything up again? I don't think you realize that a baby requires constant attention.\" \"You're telling me?\" He stood up, too, but instead of going to her he went to his side of the bed. \"Need I remind you at the have of 5 I was taking care of my baby brother because my mother was too busy working and sleeping while out father was out drunk every night?\" \"Fine, you had a harder life. I'll just take care of the kid all by myself so I'm sure not to disturb your freedom.\" Angry now, Oliver shot to his feet again. \"All right, I've had it. What the hell has gotten into you?\" \"Your twenty-pound baby, that's what.\" \"No, I don't buy that this is all hormones. You're mad at me about something and I just wish you'd tell me what it is and have done with it.\" Grace crossed her arms, opening her mouth to speak, but ended up closing it seconds later. She pushed past him and crawled into bed. \"I'm still waiting for an answer.\" \"I don't have one,\" she said, her voice significantly calmer. \"There has to be.\" \"Not one I'm going to admit to.\" Daring to walk back to bed, he asked, \"What's the matter, Grace?\" \"I'm sorry I snapped at you.\" \"What's the matter, Grace?\" he repeated. \"Why do you care?\" she avoided eye contact with him. \"Because I love you.\" By now she was laying down, allowing her to bury her face in the pillow. Oliver sat down on the edge, resting his hand on her hip. \"Whatever it is I won't be angry.\" \"I know you won't be angry,\" she mumbled. \"Then why won't you tell me?\" \"Because it's embarrassing.\" \"I'm the only one here.\" \"You're not going to let it go, are you?\" \"It's not likely.\" Moving to her back, Grace admitted, \"It's really a mix of stuff. I am overwhelmed with the baby preparation and the drive for the orphanages. Also, the bigger the baby gets the more uncomfortable I get. I'm not really mad at you for working. I couldn't take your place.\" \"And what else?\" \"… I… I feel a bit jealous of Agatha.\" \"You want to marry Stanley?\" \"No, but I miss the days just before we were married and just after. Now that I'm pregnant I'm more focused on the baby than I am on us. And that will only continue after he's born.\" \"There's nothing wrong or unusual about that.\" \"I know there isn't, it's just… seeing Agatha going through it all makes me miss it. I mean, as much as I wanted another child, I did kind of hope we'd reach the one year mark before discovering a pregnancy.\" \"A few months shy isn't bad.\" \"I know, and I'm excited to see the baby. But sometimes I wonder if we're going to the opportunities for the things we talked about doing. We were going to go back to Europe, you were going to to take Annie on a tour of your factories, we were going to visit the islands…\" \"We can still do all that.\" \"Not with a baby.\" \"So we'll wait a few years until he's old enough to travel.\" \"Just in time to be pregnant again. So we'll wait. Then another baby will come. By the time they'll all grown we'll be too old to go anywhere.\" \"Can we wait and see what happens after the first child? We have no idea how many more we'll have.\" \"As I said,\" she sighed, \"I'm feeling overwhelmed.\" \"Hire someone to help you with the charity arrangements. No one said you have to do everything yourself. And let me know what I can do to get ready for the baby. I have no problem stepping away from work. As for Stanley and Agatha… we're in a different place now. It's not a bad thing. We still have excitement in our lives. In a few short weeks we'll be saying hello to second, or first depending on how you look at it, child. If you ask me that day alone will be more exciting than all of the days surrounding the wedding put together.\" Grace smiled, reaching for his hand, \"You're wonderful.\" With a wink, he concluded. \"I know.\" As Oliver moved to his side of the bed, Grace closed her eyes. He was absolutely right. They weren't giving up anything worth looking forward to. They were about to gain everything. With Annie as the older sister, Grace was sure there would be a never-ending supply of adventures.[Chapter 57] Here is the final chapter! I want to thank everyone who has read alone over the years (I still can't believe it). It really means a lot to me! I wish I hadn't felt the need to rush an ending (though this chapter/epilogue you are about to read was decided not long after the story started) but I'm eager to move on to other stories. My next big Annie project will be a rewrite of Family Ties because it's not going in the intended direction. Once again, thank you all so much for reading! 1939 \"Jimmy, not so fast now!\" Grace slouched back in her chair, knowing it was a lost cause. Her son indeed took after his sister. How that was genetically possible she would never know. To her side, Agatha laughed. \"Miss the days of crawling?\" \"They were no better. The child could still beat the dog in a race.\" \"I dread the day Ronald is out there running with him.\" Grace looked at the baby sound asleep in Agatha's arms and smiled. Agatha with a baby. She was sure she would never see the day. It'd been a messy nine months… now that he was here, she appeared to have been given a breath of new life. In a way, she had. \"I'll always cherish the days Jimmy was that small.\" \"I'm sure not the middle of the night feedings.\" \"True… I do enjoy sleeping through the night. Although, it's really just a trade off with being woken at five in the morning.\" \"I'll take that as long as I'm allowed to sleep through the night.\" \"How are you handling motherhood?\" Grace then asked. This was the first she'd seen Agatha in weeks. Now that Agatha was with the baby, Grace was left with the preparations for the orphan's picnic. \"Better than I thought, honestly. I was really freaking out for a while though, wasn't I?\" \"I'll say.\" \"I think having a boy made all the difference. I know Rooster didn't turn out great but that wasn't all my fault. I did okay with him as far as keeping him alive. If I can manage that as a teenager I think, with Stan's help, Ronny has a chance\" \"And you always know you can count on me when you need it.\" Agatha smiled, \"I know.\" \"Hey, Mom. Hey, Agatha.\" Both Grace and Agatha turned around to see Annie standing behind their chairs on the terrace. \"Back from the movies already?\" Grace looked at her watch. \"It's only a quarter after three.\" \"It was dumb so we left.\" \"Where's Molly?\" \"Upstairs changing. She spilled soda on her dress.\" \"I hope you told her to rinse it out in the sink after she changed.\" \"Sure I did…\" In a partial attempt to distract from her fib and in a partial and sudden realization, Annie turned to Agatha and Ronald, saying, \"Is this him?!\" \"Sure is,\" Agatha answered, almost beaming. \"Oh, may I please hold him?\" \"Be my guest, Agatha said as she stood, giving the chair to Annie. \"I need to run and get his bottle ready. You two mind watching him for a minute?\" \"Not at all,\" Grace answered. \"Gee,\" Annie said as she sat with the baby. \"It's so weird seeing Miss Hannigan with a baby.\" \"I bet it is.\" \"Is she okay with it? I mean… it was no secret she wasn't bursting with excitement over him.\" Brushing the back of her finger against his feet, Grace said, \"Now that he's here, I think she's starting to realize she wanted him more than she expected to.\" \"Do you want another baby?\" Grace took a few seconds before answering. \"I do. But at the same time I kind of like how things are. Maybe once you're off to college… that's something I haven't even wanted to think about.\" \"Ah, come on,\" Annie said, looking back down at Ronald. \"That's still a couple of years away.\" Grace nodded. \"While it seems like a long time for you, it may as well be tomorrow for me and your father.\" \"Gosh, what are you going to do next year when Jimmy starts kindergarten?\" \"Cry,\" Grace said lightly. \"What about when I leave?\" \"Sob!\" Annie laughed. \"It's not like I'm going to disappear forever. I'll be back. I could never leave New York.\" \"That's good to hear.\" \"Soon enough then you'll be sitting here with me while I hold my own baby.\" \"Don't let your father here you talk like that. He'll faint.\" \"Mom… I'm sixteen. Don't you both remember that?\" \"You're forgetting you were ten by the time you came into our lives.\" \"I don't forget. That was the happiest time in my life. Not that I'm unhappy now, but it's a time I'll never forget.\" \"I'm glad, dear,\" Grace said, feeling herself well up. \"Speaking of which…\" Annie looked behind her, making sure Agatha hadn't yet returned. When she turned back to Grace, she said, \"I want to thank you.\" \"What for?\" \"Do you remember around the time you and Daddy adopted me- well. Before that. Before I almost left for good with Miss Hannigan's brother. I think I asked you to help her. I knew by then you two knew each other and you said she wasn't always like she was back then.\" \"I don't remember this at all…\" \"Well, in any case, thank you. Because of you, she got out of the orphanage. Now she's helpin' you with all these fundraisers. I always knew people couldn't be all bad. Guess I'll never really know all of what happened but I'm glad it's all over\" \"You're an incredible person,\" Grace said. \"I hope you know that.\" Annie smiled, saying nothing more. \"Thanks, Annie,\" Agatha said a few minutes later, breaking the silence. \"I can take him now. I checked on Stan and Oliver.\" \"What are they up to?\" \"Lounging around with their cigars, of course. I could kill you for gettin' him hooked on those.\" \"Hey, it's not my fault,\" Grace said. \"It was Oliver.\" \"I'll kill him, too.\" \"You get used to it after the first couple of years.\" \"I'm going to hold you to that. Annie, stood, waiting for Agatha to sit before handing Ronald to her again. \"I'm surprised he didn't fuss when you gave him to me. Even Jimmy didn't want me to hold him the first couple of times.\" \"He's not put off by strangers. I find it odd but Stanley says his other kids were the same way.\" \"Have they had a chance to meet Ronald?\" Grace questioned. Agatha nodded. \"Just last week they all came to stay with us for a few days. I was worried they wouldn't be happy with a step-sibling but they oooed and awed of him. Did I tell you his oldest is expecting?\" \"You didn't!\" \"Kinda weird if you ask me, but at least he'll have a playmate when he's older.\" \"What about Jimmy?\" Annie asked. \"Jimmy, too,\" Agatha corrected, \"Although I'm sure he'll have plenty of friends his own age by the time Ronny's able to walk and talk.\" \"I dunno,\" Annie said, eying Molly coming through the glass doors. \"Molly and I are best friends and she's four years younger than me.\" \"What about me?\" Molly asked as she joined them. \"Oh, nothin'. Come on, let's go see what Jimmy's up to.\" \"Why?\" Molly groaned. \"He's just gonna make us run around until we pass out from heat exhaustion.\" \"Ah, come on. It'll be good for us.\" \"Maybe we should'a stayed at the movies.\" \"What's the matter? Don't you miss climbing trees and all that?\" Molly whined. \"I've already ruined one dress today. I don't want to ruin another.\" \"It's my dress and I'm giving you permission to ruin it.\" \"Fine…\" \"Don't you go giving Jimmy any ideas,\" Grace warned. \"I don't want to deal with another broken bone like you had a couple years ago.\" \"We won't, I promise.\" They started down the steps to the yard. Before they ran off to find Jimmy, Annie turned around and said quietly to Grace, \"See, Mom? I'm still a kid.\" Grace smiled wide, watching the two girls for a moment, sending up a prayer of thanks for her daughter. \"What was that all about?\" Agatha asked as she held the bottle to Ronald's mouth. Grace shook her head, slowly shifting her gaze to Agatha and the baby. \"Enjoy every day with him, Agatha. Before you know it he'll be grown.\" \"I kinda look forward to that day.\" Grace supposed she did, too, but right now was feeling far too nostalgic. \"Did you ever think any of this would happen?\" Grace continued after a couple of minutes. \"Any of what?\" \"All of this… Look at us here. You realize in a couple of years it will be twenty years since we met?\" \"Holy crap… has it really been that long?\" \"Indeed it has,\" Grace said with a nod. \"Man, I'm way too old to have a kid… how did that happen?\" Grace laughed. \"A question for another day, perhaps.\" \"It is kind of amazing when you think about it. My life is so different than it used to be.\" \"Mine, too.\" \"Any regrets?\" Agatha asked. Glancing back at the children playing in the yard and then back at Ronald happily sucking at his bottle, Grace answered, \"Not a one… but I think this is exactly what I wanted.\" Rolling her eyes, knowing not to mess with Grace when she was in one of these airy moods, Agatha humored her. \"Never thought I'd say this but I have to agree. I never knew what a real family was like so I never thought I wanted one. I'm glad I was wrong.\" \"As am I.\" \"Just think,\" Agatha chuckled after a moment, \"a husband each and three kids between us all because someone nabbed the dingy room I was going to rent and you were too nosy for your own good.\" \"You never realize what minute detail is going to impact your entire life.\" \"What's next, do you think?\" Biting her lip, Grace said after a pause, \"I'm really not sure.\" \"Well then,\" Agatha said, sitting Ronald up, \"guess we just gotta wait and see.\" Taking the bottle from Agatha so she could burp the baby, Grace finished, \"I think I can live with that.\" Right now, she wasn't in an almighty rush. She was happy just the way things were. The end. ","Summary":" This isn't the next story I planned on posting, but I got the idea a couple weeks back and I'm havi"}]