[{"Movie":"Krampus","Title":"Twas the Night Before Krampus","Author":"Silent Watchman","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12232518","Passage":"[Chapter 1] December is coming it is the Christmas season The children are anxious and we all know the reason Santa Claus is coming with his sleigh full of toys He's coming to visit all the good girls and boys But not all children are good, in fact some are quite bad And seeing children misbehave makes Santa Claus sad Santa wont visit homes where bad children are asleep He will send one of his helpers to their house to creep For unlike Santa who rewards with goodies and toys This monster delights in punishing bad girls and boys Meet Krampus, who comes with rattling chains and ringing bells A son of the dark Goddess of the Underworld, Hel A ruten bundle of birch rods he holds in his hand Wicker basket strapped to his back, he travels the land This naughty child hung a stocking in hopes of some loot Instead Krampus will leave a whipping switch in his boot These bad girls are asleep, sugarplums dance in their head Krampus will have fun scaring them by shaking the bed These twins needed a spanking, Krampus thinks it good fun To use his bundle of birch rods for swatting their bums For the worst of the worst Krampus has something big saved He will make these wicked children whish they had behaved They get stuffed into his basket and taken away And whisked off to the Underworld forever to stay Because Krampus gets hungry, and no meat tastes so sweet As a bad child who can be for eternity beat So be good for your parents and follow their rules Get all of your chores done and don't act like little fools Because on Christmas Eve when Santa's sleigh bells ring bright A rattle of chains means Krampus is coming tonight ","Summary":" December is coming it is the Christmas season The children are anxious and we all know the reason S"},{"Movie":"Krampus","Title":"Sage's Story","Author":"Jeyfeather1234","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12098737","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Sage blinked open her eyes and slowly stood up and watched as snow fell outside. The life sized coriscan goat looked at her master and nudged him awake. \"Krampus, wake up. It's snowing outside,\" she said softly. \"I know it is,\" Krampus replied without looking at her. \"I just don't feel like getting up.\" \"Are you sick?\" Sage asked nudging the goat demon's hand. Krampus chuckled and rubbed her head. \"No, I'm fine,\" Krampus assured her and sat up. Sage sat in front of him and smiled widely. \"Can we go play in the snow today?\" \"We?\" Krampus echoed. \"Yes, you and me like we always do every November.\" \"Sage, I have things to do and I'm not in the mood for games,\" Krampus said and frowned at her. \"But-\" \"Sage, please. I have very important things to do and I need to get ready for Yuletide.\" \"Well, can I help you decorate the place?\" Sage asked and twitched her tail excitedly. \"I'm not decorating the place,\" Krampus said and got out of bed. \"You know that.\" \"Then what do you mean by getting ready for Yuletide? And why do you always wear those chains? Doesn't it hurt when you sleep?\" Sage asked and trotted up to him. \"Go check if the other toys are up,\" Krampus said not answering her questions. \"But you haven't-\" \"Go.\" Sage sighed and walked outside to the workshop. Krampus never seemed to have fun nowadays and was so stern with everyone. Every December he would go somewhere in Earth without telling Sage about what he was going to do and left her behind while the others went with him. She didn't mind it before but now she getting jealous of the other toys. Why didn't Krampus ever bring her along? Sage pushed the door open and looked around the dusty workshop where the toys were scattered here and there. \"Hey guys,\" she said. \"Krampus needs you for something.\" The toys looked at her for a moment before resuming to what they were doing. \"Seriously guys. He wants us to get ready for Yuletide,\" Sage said with a frown. \"We are ready,\" Teddy Claue growled. \"I was wondering, where did you go last year for Yuletide? You're never here a few days before this holiday,\" Sage asked. \"We were in New York.\" \"What were you doing in New York?\" \"We can't tell you,\" Perchta said. \"Why not?\" \"Because Master would kill us if we did.\" \"Did you do something naughty?\" Sage asked and frowned. \"We did the world a favor now get lost.\" \"Tell me the truth. What did you do last year?\" \"Fine. We taught a few kids a lesson. Are you satisfied?\" Teddy Claue asked in annoyance. \"No,\" Sage said and walked away from them. Maybe if she asked Krampus, he would give her an answer. \"Krampus,\" Sage said quietly as she saw the goat demon write something on a scroll. \"What did you do last year in New York?\" Krampus put his pen down and turned to face her. \"It is none of your business Sage. You don't need to know about what I did.\" \"Yes I do. How am I supposed to know if you did something wrong? We're besties remember? I tell you all my secrets, why can't you tell me yours?\" \"Because I don't want to be afraid of me,\" Krampus said quietly and flicked his tail. \"Why would I be afraid of you?\" Sage asked and titled her head. Krampus didn't respond and looked at her sadly. Would she be angry at him if he told her his secrets? What would her reaction be if she found out about the beast inside of him? Sage closed her eyes and sighed. \"I suppose I'll never get an answer out of you,\" she said and walked towards the desk. \"What are you writing?\" \"A letter to Mara,\" Krampus said and flicked his tail. \"I thought you said that you hated her,\" Sage said and sat on his lap. \"I do but Hel said that I had to remind her about the meeting tomorrow.\" Sage twitched her tail and looked at the snow globe that was on her friend's desk. \"What's this for? I've seen them in the workshop but I never knew what they're for,\" she said. \"They're there so I can keep an eye on humanity,\" Krampus explained and gently pushed the toy goat's snout away from the snow globe. \"What if it breaks?\" \"Then bad things happen,\" Krampus said. \"Can you do me a favor?\" \"Sure!\" Sage said and wagged her tail. \"When I come back next week, don't ask where I was or what I did.\" \"But—\" \"Honey, please. I'm getting tired of your questions. I'm really old and I can't answer every question you have in your mind.\" \"I know but—\" \"Sweetheart,\" Krampus said and put her on the ground. \"Please don't bother me today. I'd appreciate it. Tomorrow afternoon I'll spend some time with you. I promise.\" \"That's what you always say,\" Sage whined. \"You never keep your promises.\" Krampus was silent. He knew that Sage was right. He never did keep his promises even though he said he would and it was quickly turning into a habit. \"Very well then. I'll make you a deal,\" he said. \"If you don't complain and ask a thousand questions every day, I will spend some time with you tomorrow.\" \"Can you take me to Earth? I really really really want to go there!\" Sage asked excitedly but Krampus shook his head. \"I can't take you there,\" he said. \"It's too dangerous for you.\" \"But the other toys go there every December! Why can't I come?\" \"Because you're young and naive. I don't want you to get hurt.\" \"But it's not fair! I'm nice and cute. Nobody would want to hurt me,\" Sage argued. \"Yes, they would. They would mistake you for a real goat and try to eat you.\" Sage looked at him in horror. Humans actually did that to their animals? No wonder Teddy Claue hates them! \"I didn't mean to scare you but it's true. Humans do crazy things to their environment and each other,\" Krampus said. His golden brown eyes softened but Sage could hear a bit of hatred in his voice. \"I care about you Sage. I don't know what I'd do without you.\" Sage looked at him for a long moment and sniffed. She could smell a bit of human on him from last night and there was sour smell, like a dead body, lingering on him from...last night? How had she not smell that on him before? The toy goat wondered if her friend had killed anyone. No, he wouldn't do that? He's a nice guy. Why would he do something like that? Sage looked at him and twitched her tail. \"Did you do something bad last night?\" she asked him. \"You smell like a dead body.\" Krampus didn't reply and walked away from her. Sage wondered if the goat demon really did kill someone. I hope he did it for a good cause. ","Summary":" Sage blinked open her eyes and slowly stood up and watched as snow fell outside. The life sized cor"},{"Movie":"Krampus","Title":"(Discontinued) Black Waters","Author":"rapturemelancholia","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12137267","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The frost bit my rosy cheeks lightly as I ran through the thick forest, giggling as I zigzagged between the thin, naked birch trees. The sun stood high and not a single cloud occupied the blue sky. My foot caught on a rock and I fell down a long hill, branches and stones hitting my fragile skin as I tumbled down onto the thin ice of the lake. My body slid several meters until I finally came to a stop. The ice began cracking around my frail body and I broke through the ice with a splash. All the air in my lungs disappeared as I became submerged in the cold water. I began sinking to the bottom and it felt like hours before I hit the bottom. All air had left my body and my lungs desperately craved it. I felt something pull me up to the surface. Everything was blurry and fussy and I could not see the person who had saved me. They wrapped me in a thick blanket and stayed with me until I could hear my mother's voice. I looked all around me but the one who had saved me was gone. In my hand there laid a large book with a dark, worn leather cover. I did not dare to open it. She awoke with a jolt, panic written on her face. Her breath was shaky and her mind was etched with fear. Another nightmare .. She wiped the sweat off her forehead and sat on the edge of the bed. It had been 12 years since that day. She had still not opened the book, it scared her too much. She still hated the water. A hate for Christmas had also began growing inside her and she rarely went out the whole day. It was irrational to fear it, she understood that, still she could not shake the feeling that everything had gone bad for her under that holiday. She had lost her mother three years ago to lung cancer under the night, and after that she had been rejected from a university she swore she would have been accepted to. She sluggishly made her way to the kitchen and rummaged the fridge for a quick midnight snack. She decided a half eaten chicken wing would do and devoured it in seconds. It dawned on her that it was Christmas morning and sighed with distress. After wiping her hands on her pajama pants to get the grease off, she went up the stairs to the small attic. Opening a small box, Jen took out a dusty book. She did that every christmas, sitting with it in her lap - not even opening it. This time however, she opened it slowly and read the title. In a blackletter font it said, Children's tales of the Christmas Devil. It wasn't signed with an author's name. Why would someone leave this with me? She shook her head, wondering who had given it to her. She flipped a page and began reading ...While Saint Nicholas rewarded the well-behaved children with gifts, Krampus punished the misbehaved by stuffing them into a sack and abducting them. On Christmas Eve (also known as the night of the Krampus or Krampus night) Krampus sets out to hunt the bad children. Should you come in his way, you will most likely not survive. Jen furrowed her brows. The book was strange.. She did know of the christmas devil, of course, but not the details. She flipped another page and continued reading. Krampus is a horned figure described as \"half-goat, half-demon\" and is often see carrying an iron chain with which he captures the children. No one knows where he takes the children and what he does to them but many believe he eats them. The text was faded and the pages were yellowed by old age. She turned the page. A grotesque picture of a horned devil-looking creature was glued to the page. It had a head that resembled a man but with two large white horns and goat ears. He had hooves for feet and had large claws on his hands. He had a long pointy, black tongue. What followed were a dozen drawings of Krampus with an incredibly demonic posture. What kind of sick person would give this to a child? Half of the book was blank which Jen found odd. On the last page there was a notation. All things truly wicked start from innocence as that of a child. She slammed the book shut. Who had given this to her when she almost drowned, and why? What kind of person would save someone just to leave them alone in the cold with a damn book? Everything was unclear and it made her anxious. Her chest heaved up and down as she laid on her bed. Thoughts were running through her mind wildly as the day went by. Her grandmother had looked awfully pale when Jen showed her the book. She hadn't understood why, but now she did. Something was terribly wrong about it, and this Krampus creature. It was a cruel joke someone would play on a child, but now at age 20, she wasn't so sure it was just a joke. Maybe it all meant something - something sinister. ","Summary":" The frost bit my rosy cheeks lightly as I ran through the thick forest, giggling as I zigzagged bet"},{"Movie":"Krampus","Title":"Something To Believe In","Author":"AMKelley","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11658627","Passage":"[Chapter 1] It was the night before Christmas and Max couldn't catch a wink of sleep because his mind was too busy racing and because his Howie Jr.'s feet were in his face. To make matters worse, the portly little boy snored like a freight train. It was a nightmare having to share a tiny bed with another person. Max didn't even want to know how his sister Beth was fairing with Stevie and Jordan. Max craned his head to spy his clock on the desk next to his bed, noting that it was well past midnight. You think he would've fallen asleep from boredom by now, but the truth was he couldn't even if he tried. Even if his cousin wasn't hogging the bed right now and kicking him in the shoulder every now and again. Last night had been all sorts of bad, what with his recital turning sour in the blink of an eye and his dad having to pull him off of the other boy who had been telling the other little kids that Santa wasn't real. When they got home things only seemed to get worse. Max had been looking forward to decorplace the Christmas cookies with Omi and watching Charlie Brown with his family, but his parents were too busy preparing for their relatives and Beth was complaining about wanting to go to her boyfriend's house. Omi tried cheering him up and his father attempted to reassure him, but despite their best efforts Max couldn't come to reason. They had a tradition for years and it had all been ruined by uncle Howard and his rotten children. Stevie and Jordan were the main reason Max tore up his letter to Santa. Perhaps he'd been foolish for believing in him in the first place Max was at that age where he began to figure out that Santa wasn't real and all those presents from \"Santa\" over the years had actually been signed by his parents. He knew it was silly, but a part of him still wanted something to believe in even if it seemed childish. The arrival of his cousins, however, had made that kind of hard. Still, Max laid there in his bed with Howie Jr.'s feet occasionally nudging into him as he thought about Santa soaring through the cold winter sky, delivering presents to all the little girls and boys soundly asleep in their beds. This peaceful image seems to lull Max into a gentle sleep and he nods off to the wispy hum of wind and Howie Jr.'s beastly snoring. Sometime later during the night Max had roused awake from an odd dream that he could only half remember. He yawned deeply and rubbed at his eyes to coax some alertness into them. This time when Max looked over at his clock it was a quarter to five and, thankfully, Howie Jr. had stopped snoring by this time. Max figured he could easily fall back asleep if he tried immediately. Unfortunately, Max's bladder decided it was a nice time to start acting up and the boy silently cursed himself for drinking too much egg nog the night before. Max lazily rolled himself out of bed, making sure as not to wake Howie Jr. up and padded over towards his door. Out in the hallway, Max tiptoed his way to the bathroom, being extra nimble so he didn't disturb any of the others. He shut the bathroom door behind him with a soft click, blinking rapidly as his eyes adjusted to the light. Max held his hand up in front of his face to filter out some of the light until the harsh fluorescents no longer stung his eyes. He took care of his business shortly soon after and went to wash his hands in the sink, knowing that he wouldn't be able to fall asleep again. Max looked at his tired and weary expression, noticing the dark circles forming under his eyes, and sighed heavily to himself. To make things even worse, Max's stomach conveniently started to growl with hunger. Max hung his head back as he begrudgingly exited the bathroom and made his way down the stairs. Since he knew he wasn't going to fall back asleep for quite some time, Max figures he could sneak a glass of milk and a couple of cookies Omi had made. Not the crappy store bought ones his mother ignorantly purchased after the fact. He wanted the real thing or none at all. As Max tried his best to tiptoe to the kitchen, something caught the corner of his eye and he slowly turned towards the figure hunched over by the Christmas tree. Max's breath caught in his throat, hoping against hope that maybe it was Santa Claus and maybe he wasn't a fool after all. He stood frozen to the spot on the floor and watched in rapt awe. It wasn't until the figure turned to him and began to speak that Max felt like an idiot once again. \"Hey, sport,\" his father called out softly to him. \"What are you doing up so early? Not trying to spy on your presents are you?\" his father teases with a faux frown. \"I had to go to the bathroom,\" Max explained in a hushed tone, blinking bashfully as his dad approaches him. \"And then I got hungry for some of Grandma's cookies.\" \"Cookies, huh?\" Tom inquired, squinting at his son as if analysing his answer. \"Well, Omi does make a nice batch of cookies… I guess I can trust you.\" His dad grinned widely at him and Max returned it with a sleepy, lopsided one. Max was growing up fast, but his father still treated and teased him as if he were a kid from time to time. Which Max didn't mind at all. It reminded Max of simpler times and he loved the fact that his father was capable of channeling that character trait so naturally because, by all rights, Tom still saw Max as his little boy and not the man he was gradually becoming. \"How about you get us a couple glasses of milk and a plate of cookies and I'll light us a fire?\" Tom suggested, cupping the side of Max's neck affectionately. Max nodded up at his dad with a big smile, giddy that his dad wanted to spend some time with him and without the interruption of uncle Howard and his clan. Tom gently scooted Max off towards the kitchen, smiling warmly when he noticed the extra little spring in Max's step. It made Tom wonder how much Max had been starving for affection since their relatives showed up. Max returned with two glasses of milk and a plate of cookies, which he balanced cautiously on both of the glasses. Max baby stepped into the living room, focused on not spilling anything as his father stoked the growing flames. Tom heard Max's uneven gait and turned to him, chuckling softly as he watched Max's balancing act. Tom trotted over to help his son, lifting up the plate of cookies and grabbing one of the glasses of milk as well to lighten the load for Max. He set them down on the coffee table and sat down on the sofa, beckoning Max over to sit beside him near the fireplace. Max sidles up next to his dad and the two of them settle in with some milk and cookies by the crackling fire. \"Think you got everything you asked for this year?\" his dad asked, dunking a tree-shaped cookie in his glass of milk. \"I dunno,\" Max shrugged, taking a bite out of a soggy snowman. \"I hope so…\" \"You hope so ?\" Tom echoed incredulously, looking down at Max. \"You sent your letter to Santa, didn't you?\" \"I tore it up and threw it out the window,\" Max confessed. \"Why?\" \"Because it was stupid,\" Max replied, pouting. \"Even if Santa was real, he wouldn't give me anything anyway because I haven't been the best son,\" Max admitted with a tinge of guilt. \"What are you talking about, champ?\" his father consoled, setting down his glass to turn his full attention to his son. \"I'm always causing trouble for you and mom. Like at my recital… like at dinner last night with Stevie and Jordan,\" Max gushed, nibbling methodically on his cookie. \"You're mom is just a control freak when it comes to making appearances, you know. She wanted every little detail to be perfect and it just simply wasn't,\" Tom reassured, curling an arm around his son to comfort him. \"Nothing that happened last night was your fault.\" \"Do you really mean it?\" Max asked, looking up at his dad with a hopeful gaze. \"I don't know,\" Tom said meticulously, playing with Max's curls thoughtfully. \"Did you really mean it when you said you hated all of us?\" \"No… I was just really mad at Stevie and Jordan for embarrassing me in front of everyone,\" Max professed, hanging his head down as if recounting the incident. \"I know, Max,\" Tom replied with a solemn tone. He pulled Max in closer to him and bent down to kiss his son on the top of the head, burying his nose into Max's curls to smell the remnants of fruity shampoo. Tom reached his arm around further to wrap it across Max's torso and gently stroked his thumb across his narrow chest affectionately. \"You're a good boy,\" his father stated, mumbling into his curls. \"You're a good son and I'm proud of you. You are my greatest accomplishment, Max. Never forget that.\" Tom brought his hand up to lay it against Max's forehead, steadying his son's head as he plants an even bigger kiss to the top of his head. His dad disentangled them and ruffled Max's hair playfully to get the boy smiling again and it worked. Max could feel himself glowing with a newfound warmth, and it wasn't because of the fire. \"Definitely a bigger accomplishment than that Howie Jr.,\" his dad cracked with a wide, mischievous grin, snickering like it was a secret just between them. Max lets himself laugh as well, loving the way his father's face glows from the firelight. \"Now eat your cookies.\" Max bent forward to grab a couple of cookies from the plate and promptly shoved one in his father's mouth. Tom sputtered a little in surprise, mumbling hysterically as he took a bite and tried to stuff it in Max's mouth in return. Max tumbled to his back on the couch with his dad trying his darnedest to pin him down to give his son a taste of his own medicine. Literally. Max is slapping futilely at his dad to get the cookie away from his tightly pursed lips. The moment Tom starts to tickle him, Max loses the ability to contain himself and giggles madly as prodding fingers exploit the weak spots of his sides and neck. Max attempts to stifle his contagious giggles so he doesn't wake the others and, conveniently, his dad is there to help him by cramming the half eaten cookie into his mouth. \"Stop it!\" Max giggled around his mouthful, which came out muddled and incoherent. \"What's the matter, champ? I thought you liked Grandma's cookies,\" Tom chuckled, force feeding the sprinkle covered star to his son. \"Stmmph!\" Max chortled. The frosting from the cookie as he took a bite smeared across his lips and partially on his left cheek when the rest of it crumbled and fell on the floor. Max chewed through his mouthful until he could breath again and all giggling stopped when Max noticed the way his father was staring down at him. \"What?\" Max asked with wide brown eyes. Tom swiped his thumb across Max's bottom lip and scooped up the frosting on Max's cheek, collecting it on his index finger. Max watched as his dad licked the frosting off of his fingers, hoping his father was going to say something to make this less awkward. Tom sits back, climbing off of Max and looking pink faced as ever and Max wondered why his dad looked so flustered all of a sudden. \"That's enough horseplay,\" Tom decided, scratching idly at his beard. His face felt incredibly warm and it wasn't because of the fire. Max noticed the change in his dad's posture and got his elbows underneath him to raise himself up. He wiped away the remnants of frosting off his face and straightened himself up. \"Dad?\" \"Yeah, buddy?\" \"Do you think Santa's real?\" Max inquired timidly. Tom looked over at his son and regarded him with a thoughtful gaze, eyes squinted. \"He's as real as you want him to be, kiddo,\" Tom said, copping out with a noncommittal answer. \"Yeah, but, do you think he's real?\" Max reiterated, biting into another cookie and taking a big gulp of milk. \"Sure… I mean, I believed in him when I was around your age,\" Tom concurred, studying the lines of Max's face in the orange glow of the fire. \"Why not anymore?\" \"Well, I guess when you start to mature you just decide that believing in stuff like that is childish and you have to grow up sometime,\" his father explained, trying to word it as delicately as possible. \"Not that believing in Santa is a bad thing. It's better to have something to believe in, than nothing at all. Wouldn't you agree?\" \"I guess,\" Max relented, beaming when his dad gave him a warm smile. They went back to snacking on their milk and cookies in relative silence, unconsciously moving closer to each other. Max supposed his dad was at least right about one thing. It was better to believe in something. When they finish half of the plate and most of their milk, Max can feel himself getting somewhat drowsy once again, knowing that his full stomach was to thank for that. He felt himself nodding off, resorting to leaning against his dad for support as his eyelids became heavier. Tom gently shakes his son to rouse him awake. \"Come on, let's get you to bed,\" Tom murmured into Max's ear, attempting to scoop the boy up into his arms. \"I don't wanna sleep in my bed,\" Max whined, half asleep and clinging to the front of his dad's shirt. \"Oh? Why not?\" Tom questioned fondly, anxious to hear what Max had to say. \"Because Howie Jr.'s feet stink and he sounds like a bullfrog,\" Max answered truthfully with his eyes closed shut. \"Can we just stay here? Please?\" Tom sighed, wanting to get back to his own bed next to his wife, but Max looked far too relaxed and peaceful to disturb or even attempt to move. He let Max settle into his lap, curling in on his side to nestle into his dad's chest. Tom pulled the knitted blanket from the back of the couch, wrapping it around them and maneuvered himself so that he's in a more horizontal position. \"Sure thing, sport,\" his dad assured, kissing Max's temple. Max burrowed himself further into his father, making it a point to snuggle his body as tightly as possible to his dad's. It's a bit cramped on the couch for the both of them, but Tom figures it's a reasonable sacrifice to accommodate his son's needs. He can't remember the last time him and Max were this close and it made him realize just how much his son really needed him. \"You know I love you, right?\" Tom asked, murmuring into the side of Max's soft, warm cheek. \"I love you too, dad,\" Max mumbled back drowsily, turning into the contact of his dad's beard. \"Maybe we could watch Charlie Brown after everyone leaves,\" his dad suggested, before adding, \"Just the two of us. How does that sound?\" \"M'yeah,\" Max slurred, going completely boneless in his dad's arms before finally drifting off into a deep sleep. Something about the whole situation made Tom appreciate what he had and it really opened his eyes on how much more time he should be spending with his son before Max grows up and decides he doesn't need his father anymore. It felt like he was given a second chance, a redemption at bonding with his son. Max wasn't a bad kid and he certainly wasn't a disappointment. He just needed his father to reassure him that he was on the right path. That he could believe in whatever he wanted without looking like a fool. Tom pulled Max closer to him with the intent of never letting go. \"Love you, son,\" Tom whispered, kissing Max on the cheek one last time. \"Love you…\" ","Summary":" It was the night before Christmas and Max couldn't catch a wink of sleep because his mind was too b"},{"Movie":"Krampus","Title":"The Companion","Author":"AutobotGuy710","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12635011","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: So this is an interesting little idea I've had since seeing the movie Krampus and reading the prequel comic. The latter of which will have lots of meaning here, as you'll soon find out. As I will be making the canon there work here as well meaning: 1. They aren't dead at the end. 2. Everything resets the day after. 3. Those that don't learn their lesson are brought back and made into the demonic toys. Basically, this is an origin story set years before the movie. Why DID Krampus soften his ways and begin to spare those he did terrorize. How did he chose who was worthy of saving and who wasn't? Since Nana's family obviously was taken and never given back. What made him shift his values? This is probably going to be a short story. How short? IDK. But I wouldn't expect it to go TOO far. Just long enough to tell the story I have in mind - which isn't horribly long. DISCLAIMER: I don't own Krampus, his elves, etc but I do own Sam. CHAPTER 1 Taken by the Demon \"I'm sorry...\" The boy, Max, stared back at Krampus with a look of utter remorse and sadness. And in other situations, this would be nothing new. He knew that the boy had learned his lesson - as had the rest of his family. They would be spared as would all that had learned their lesson. It was done, as far as he was concerned, and the boy had nothing to worry about... Yet behind his mask, behind his thoughts, he remembered the last time he faced this situation. With a young boy willing to give everything for those he cared about. A young boy so defiant he was ready to give himself over to someone that people around the world saw as \"the Christmas Demon\". Yes, one look in the child's eye, and he remembered that boy well. His mind drifted toward that night so very long ago. As he stood there, so many years later, he could hear that boy's voice overlapping with Max's. Even as he dropped him into the pit, watching him fall as his followers quietly cackled. The boy's name would forever haunt his memory... Samuel... He'd met him so long into his many centuries of life, but he had never left his memory. And as he closed his eyes, he was yet again before him... It was in the eighties, and he'd just finished off the deed he was sent there to do. To spread the fear of what happened when one \"lost the holiday spirit\" and became spiteful. It had been his job for so many decades since Santa Claus, the fat old bastard, had banished him and degraded him to this that he ultimately had become used to the routine. Samuel, was anything but routine. Much like Max would many decades later, he stood in the snow. Before the pit, standing before all of Krampus' many helpers, and holding the bell defiantly in his hand. When they met, he was a short, gangly haired little boy of twelve, with fierce green eyes and a spark. For the first several moments before he arrived his words still rang in his head. \"I'm the one that sent for you!\" he had declared. \"This is not what I wanted! Don't hurt them! Take me instead! Take me!\" In his many centuries alive, Krampus knew every person who summoned them would come to realize what happened. But Samuel was the first... He was the first to take those brave steps forward and offer themselves, selflessly, up to him for damnation. And for reasons that, to this day, he did not fully understand, Krampus spoke to a human that night for the first time in many centuries... \"You'd give yourself up, for them?\" he had asked, taking a step forward, then another, until his tall form leered over the boy, hot breath moving through his mask and covering him. \"You do realize what you are doing, human? I have no doubt you have surmised their fate. Do you truly wish to meet it instead? Think very carefully, you cannot take it back.\" The boy looked at him with a stare that told him he might have wet himself right there and then. His eyes moved towards the pit, then up to Krampus again. \"Will you let them go... My brother, and my friends?\" he asked. \"My brother is all I have left. He's only four... He doesn't deserve that.\" Krampus was silent, unsure of how to respond to the human. He'd forgotten how much weight that an orphan, who were growing up in a foster home, may put on family - or perhaps he'd have seen this coming. \"Just for being so foolish I may,\" he told him - causing a silence in his elves as he grabbed hold of his arm, yanking the boy close. \"I do not damn those with foolish bravery. But I will make use of you. I again advise you, chose wisely, human. If you come to my domain, you shall not come back.\" \"But you'll let them go...\" The creature groaned, annoyed at the persistence. \"Choose, and then I shall.\" The longest silence that he'd ever spent was followed by the quiet answer. \"Yes... I'll trade myself for them. Please, let my brother go.\" That left Krampus with the dilemna that would drive his next several years. What on Earth would he do with this boy? The boy was the one that made the deal... And that was not his function, to damn the ones that summoned him. He didn't know what punishment may await him for that, nor did he want to find out. Yet, the human had looked at him so pitifully, so fearfully... And so he pulled him towards his sleigh, where many of the toys under his command waited. \"Are you not going to throw me into the pit?\" the boy asked as he continued to drag him by the arm, grip tight as could be. \"If not then...\" \"Do you want to go in the pit!?\" he said it in such a snarl as he shoved the boy into the sleigh, and turned to the elves that stared so dumbly at him, you may have thought they had not heard the exchange. \"Well... Start fetching them...\" \"But master!\" they spoke in their elfish gibberish. \"The boy was brave,\" he spoke in their tongue. \"Stupid, but brave. If he wishes to exchange his freedom for the lives of his friends, so be it. Ol' Claus always said I could do well to have a little pet.\" He then turned to the boy, reaching back into the sleigh, and found what he required: an empty sack. Before Samuel could even argue, could even change his mind, he had thrown it over his body, as the boy now began to regret his decision. They helped him tie the sack carefully, though leaving a small open area on top to breathe. He then threw the boy unceremoniously in the back. Knowing it would knock him out and therefore make his ride more peaceful. The last thing he wanted was a little brat screaming at him, and fighting him. No... This boy had given his life over to him, and he would resign to his fate, for better or worse. When they'd gotten to his workshop, Samuel said nothing once he'd woken up. Krampus, however, not being a cruel individual, immediately brought the boy to the den. Where he sat in what he could only imagine was pure shock for his situation. The creature almost watched him with amusement, as he sat there on his dark couch, before a fireplace, with blankets draped over his body to keep him warm in the frigid air. He'd expected him to beg for his life, but so far the boy had said nothing. Nothing, that was, until a small voice spoke up. \"If you didn't throw me in the pit, what are you going to do with me?\" the quiet question was almost an utter surprise to Krampus, when he finally spoke. \"Are you going to eat me?\" Krampus threw back his head with a cackle so loud it made the boy jump. \"Eat you? Why on Earth would I want to eat you? No, humans are disgusting thank you,\" he explained as he began to pull off the mask he often used on his excursions. \"You may have forfeited your life to me, but I do not eat humans. Nor do I keep slaves...\" Samuel looked as confused as Krampus expected. Though he had said he was to be a \"pet\" to the elves, he hadn't meant it. What use did he have for a pet? No, Krampus had other uses for him. A few centuries alone and one grew lonely. Especially with nothing but toys and annoying little elves as his only company. No, he related to the humans as far as intelligence and attitude. And for the first time, he didn't have to send this one to hell. He heard the small gasp as he turned to regard the child again. Of course he would gasp, his face was a ghastly sight: the face of a goat mixed with that of a man, with his two large horns sticking out. Not quite human, but not quite monster, and nothing like anything that Samuel had liabley ever seen. \"No, I think I will simply \"keep\" you. Not as a pet but as a resident,\" Krampus replied. \"You will live here now, and under my watch.\" Samuel shook his head. \"You won't beat me? Or feed me to some giant pet?\" \"You've seen one too many of those films you humans love so much,\" Krampus replied, his voice tense. \"I am a very ancient being child, I could do any number of things to you. But then I would miss an opportunity.\" \"What opportunity?\" the boy asked shakily. Krampus smirked as he crossed over to the hot cocoa on the nearby table. He knew that the elves didn't make the best cocoa, but he by now needed it. \"Companionship, if you must know. I'm bored . A few hundred years of this and you will be too,\" he took a second cup, offering it to the boy who merely glared at him. \"You are merely something to quell my boredom. To keep me company and give me someone to talk to that perhaps will not be a moron.\" The boy stared at him quietly, shifting uncomfortably. \"So I'm your pet?\" \"No, pet is too broad a term. It implies that I'd have to provide you with everything. And I am no babysitter, child,\" Krampus replied, then motioned all around. \"You are now the latest resident of my abode. And your job is to accompany when I demand and for what I demand. It's your job, as I must give you one or be forced to listen to you cry in the dungeons as long as you remain alive.\" \"You have dungeons?\" Samuel asked. \"Of course I do,\" Krampus replied. \"Need somewhere to put the elves when they act up.\" \"Are you supposed to be Santa Claus?\" Again, cold laughter, God, how naiive Samuel was in those days. \"I am not that fat old prick,\" Krampus snapped. \"Say that name in here again, and I will lock you in the dungeon. I promise you that.\" The boy was silent at that - staring quietly at his new caretaker quietly. After a long sigh, Krampus turned his head toward him. \"You needn't be afraid if you keep that out of your vocabulary, child. I am not as evil as my occupation makes me seem,\" the boy shrank back a little as he came forward. \"You'll have a warm bed to sleep in, three meals a day, and run of my workshop. Once you look less like you do now.\" \"Like I do now?\" \"You're covered in sweat, wearing pajamas, and smell of piss,\" Krampus groaned as he leaned forward and sniffed the air. \"Which albeit fair, makes you very unpleasant to be around. Krius, Vulpin!\" At once, two elves came into the parlor, taking one side of Samuel each. After which Krampus addressed them in their native tongue. \"Scrub him down, and find something for him to wear until we can tailor some clothes for him,\" Krampus took a seat in his favorite chair as he said this. \"Then show him to bed. He has had quite the day, and I believe he will need sleep.\" \"What did you tell them?\" Samuel asked. \"Just go and get a bath and some sleep,\" Krampus waved him off as he watched the fire stoking in the fireplace quietly. \"You'll feel better after you have.\" He knew the boy probably wouldn't. Especially being uprooted from his entire existence to be kept as a somewhat-unwilling resident in the home of the legendary \"Christmas Demon\". A demon he may not have been, but terrifying he knew he was. Especially when one did consider his unholy line of work that he'd been set on this Earth to do. And as such, he believed it would be a very long next ninety or so years before the boy inevitably grew old and died. He had no idea just what it would really be like. A/N: So what do you think? Is it any good? Should I continue Krampus and Samuel's story? Let me know! ","Summary":" A/N: So this is an interesting little idea I've had since seeing the movie Krampus and reading the "},{"Movie":"Bright","Title":"Nothing but Vain Fantasy","Author":"RunMild","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12803886","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Nothing but Vain Fantasy The bar isn't on the fashionable side of town, but the building itself is swanky enough to draw patrons from both sides of the tracks. The hazy lighting and wood paneling says \"speak-easy,\" but the music is synthetic and indistinct, and Alix appreciate the gentle blurring of lines. Liminality is her domain; her mixed heritage has never allowed for anything else. \"Another?\" She glances up at the server. Strange eyes. Round ears. No one here can check just one box on their race identification sheet, of that she can be certain. \"No. Thank you.\" She swirls the last of her chardonnay—it's not as dramatic as the red wines some of the other patrons sip with bloodless smiles, but she's not here to make an impression—and he leaves with a slight nod. This is no sports bar, no place for casual dining, and it's not gauche enough to have televisions in plain view. It's an unspoken rule in these places (there's a whole genre of them, and to visit one is to sample a hundred) that entertainment must be brought in the form of a companion, and the solitary patrons must stare at the wall and sip their drinks in quiet dignity. Screens are crass. Low class. Alix props her elbow on the table, phone in hand, and scrolls through her newsfeed. \"Rebellion suits you.\" Her eyes don't leave the muted video of a gang altercation, though the subtitles don't tell her anything new. \"You're late.\" \"I do not recall setting a time.\" \"You were supposed to walk in when I was on my second glass, but now I've had three.\" She looks up, finally, meeting steady, pale eyes. \"Don't worry, I've cut myself off.\" \"I am glad to hear it,\" Kandomere says without an ounce of humor. She does him the service of assuming it's there, buried deep. The elf slides into the chair across from her, his crisp suit unwrinkled despite the late hour and her suspicion that he has come straight from field work. Where the dim light hits, his hair shifts from gray to blue. It adds to the mercurial atmosphere of the room. Alix rolls the stem of her glass between her fingers, quirking up a smile that she hopes is suitably vague. There's not enough magic in her blood to really reach peak Fae potential. \"Business or pleasure tonight?\" she asks, trying for coy. The joke is that it's always business. Elves don't generally stoop to law enforcement—even at the federal level—without personal vendettas or tabs to settle. It's a broad generalization, sure, but with the world at their fingertips, what other motivations could they have? Certainly not the desire for justice. Their justice can be bought. Kandomere has the hungry look of someone who's been crusading for too long. \"You have Seen the girl.\" No foreplay. Typical male. \"I see lots of girls. Hats off to two working eyes.\" Alix settles back into her chair, feeling a touch too languid. Perhaps the third drink was a mistake. Kandomere's stare is unblinking. \"You did not bring me here to play sophomoric word games.\" \"My word games are collegiate at least,\" she says, hand over your heart. \"But no, that's not what brings us together tonight. That's just kismet.\" Watching Kandomere's expression shift in frosty increments, she feels a bit like she's pulling at the tail of a dragon. The end result is inevitably a burn, but the danger is half the fun. \"Kismet… is an address texted from your number, and the word \"tonight?\"\" His teeth flash in the low light; he's losing patience. \"I moonlight as the hand of Fate.\" She shrugs. At his glacial look, Alix sighs. \"Also, you-know-who is going to resurface by solstice.\" Kandomere's ears actually shift back with the intensity of his focus. His eyes burn brighter than the votive between them. He leans forward, lips parting to shape his next question, but she heads him off. \" Winter solstice.\" He sits back again, mouth flattening. \"You revel in the illusion of power this situation lends you.\" Ah, and there's the expected burn. \"And you hate that I hold all the cards during our engagements, but we both have our parts to play.\" She tries not to look too put out. There's a moment of grudging silence. \"Indeed,\" he says finally, jaw flexing. The Sight doesn't generally afford Alix much more than headaches and traffic anxiety—too many variables, too many possibilities—but on a rare occasion, it provides entertainment. Ruffling pretty, serious elves is the kind of quality amusement that borders on sadism, but if those mirrored eyes are going to flay her apart and lay her innermost pieces out like the grisly aftermath of an autopsy, she'd like half a chance to get under his skin, too. She might, possibly, be nursing a crush. The realization strikes like a stray pitch at a home game, and Alix has to admit that she's acting like a grade schooler on the playground. Looking at Kandomere's hair, she can't deny that she kind of wants to tug it, and not entirely for g-rated reasons. It is not her finest drunk moment. She straightens, hoping to regain her mental footing. \"Look, it's far enough out that anything could happen, but it looks like your girl—\" Meaning the pale waif with the wand. \"—is going to join up with the Shield of Light.\" His eyes narrow. \"The local branch?\" \"No idea.\" She can see the cogs spinning in his brain, but he's utterly still, no physical tells to his distraction other than the ghost of movement behind his eyes. There's so much Alix wants to say—that this union may not be a destructive one, that it will likely become necessary in the coming dark days, that he looks like he could use a drink, and that she'd like to talk about something other than this, that the ebb and flow of evil is inevitable—but half of her job is discretion, so she keeps her wine-loose tongue trapped behind her teeth. \"Anything else?\" he asks, perhaps cottoning on to the tide of words caught low in her throat. Alix shakes her head and wishes she had more wine to wash them down. He looks unhappy, but it's not directed squarely at her. His eyes flick past Alix's head, and she hears the server just as he steps up to her shoulder. Quiet, that one. \"Your check, madam.\" Also, observant. A black folder appears at her elbow, but before she can reach for it, long fingers whisk it away. Alix raises her eyebrows at her… companion? But he only slips a gleaming card into the sleeve and hands it back to the other man without a break in expression. She feels off-balance suddenly, as though the gravity in the room has shifted. \"Your generosity is… appreciated,\" she says slowly. The words \"thank\" and \"you\" are not to be uttered. \"It is nothing.\" It's unexpectedly hard to meet Kandomere's gaze, as if by picking up her check, some other tab has earned a tally with his name. Alix has enough murk (and magic) in her blood to sense the push-pull of power shifts, and this one makes her uneasy. Fae blooded creatures aren't keen on debts. \"Consider it payment for your services,\" Kandomere says after a long moment. Alix has no doubt that he can see the proverbial bristling of her fur from across the table. It seems he likes playing dangerous games, too. Still, his words soothe the ringing in her bones, a feeling like a chord plucked. She's not sure she likes its tune. No, debts are no good at all. \"Well, this has been a treat, but I think I must be going.\" Thank god she's human enough that the glib lie slips off of her tongue with hardly a twinge of discomfort. \"Until next time, Kandomere.\" \"Always a pleasure,\" he says taking her hand. Alix blinks. He is far too elven for such blatant falsehoods. \"…Indeed,\" she says, parroting his earlier statement. His hand is cool to the touch, and she lets go as soon as is polite. Alix makes a show of walking with great sobriety—much more than she feels—to the exit, but Kandomere stops her at the door anyway, one hand hovering just over her lower back. \"Do you require transportation home?\" Her smile is as false as her laugh. \"I'm afraid if I climb into one of your government vehicles, I might never be seen again.\" It's a real concern, the Sight being an uncommon and highly sought-after gift, but it's not one she fears tonight. She's more alarmed about the prospect of being alone with the elf beside her—really, truly alone—and what she might say in his presence. Alix would be lying to herself if she thought that his interest is unfeigned, but hers is not, and she keeps many secrets simply by virtue of being who and what she is. Glamours may be a thing of the past, but she's not sure what the difference is between Fae magic and alcohol combined with heavy attraction. She is certain that she doesn't want to find out. Kandomere examines her face, and Alix isn't sure what he finds there, but a rare smile ghosts over his features. His expression leans more toward furtive than kind, though, and she feels well and truly sunk. The lifeboats are all gone, and she has only her own (very poor, preternatural abilities aside) judgement to keep her afloat. The hand over her back makes contact, and as the light pressure zings through her, Alix gives herself over to the tides. Self-preservation is overrated, anyway. \"Yes, a lift would be appreciated,\" she hears herself saying as he steers her out of the establishment and into the warm summer air. \"If it's no trouble.\" \"It is no trouble.\" She is probably not imagining the faint amusement in his tone. There is no inherent discomfort at his words, so she takes the offer as one freely given. No tiny barbs of commitment, no gossamer threads of implied repayment. Although, there is some thing, a niggling at the base of her skull. Alix opens her mouth to question whether Kandomere feels it, too, just as he looks to her sharply and says, \"What—\" And then her world implodes. Where the water once lapped at her toes, it now surges to her waist. It didn't bother her when it was hardly a dark strip on the horizon, but now it is here, and she is bound to this place, tied and shaking against the fathomless cold. It is not the tide that scares her—though drown her, it may—but what lurks beneath. She feels it like an eye upon her, somewhere below the surface. The ocean rises and falls, and she is powerless to stop it. It would be folly to try. But her fingers claw at shell and sand, keeping them from the grasping hands of the sea, and she realizes this, the erosion, can be stopped. A wave breaks across her face, and the salt is like fire in her lungs. It is coming, it is coming, it is coming— \"—do you See?\" Two hands on her shoulders. Sunlight—no, streetlights, and the steady hum of traffic. Overpriced bar. Federal agent. Fey eyes. Alix makes a concentrated effort to meet those eyes, tongue rolling in a suddenly tacky mouth. \"I think,\" she croaks, \"that we may not have until Solstice.\" Her nosebleed is heralded a build and release of pressure. She tastes salt and copper. \"Not to be dramatic, but I think it's the apocalypse.\" ","Summary":" Nothing but Vain Fantasy The bar isn't on the fashionable side of town, but the building itself is "},{"Movie":"Krampus","Title":"A Bushel And A Peck","Author":"AMKelley","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12081181","Passage":"[Chapter 1] When Max was young, really young, he was rather clingy especially with his father. But Tom was often a busy man, what with work and all, and while Max was too small to understand that at the age of five Tom always, or at least most of the time, made the effort to give his son affection. This is when the butterfly kisses started. The gentle brushing of eyelashes were brief moments of affection usually exchanged because Max was often fascinated by looking at his dad's eyes up close, but also because Max liked how it tickled. So, whenever Tom was really up to his neck in work and he hadn't had a chance to spend time with Max properly he would usually apologize with a butterfly kiss. Max would jump up and down, hair bouncing with his excitement, when his dad was finally finished with his work. It was almost like a treat, a reward if you will, for Max being patient and waiting for his father without disturbing him. Tom would scoop Max up in his arms and lean in to press their faces closely together, tilting his head ever so slightly for the best angle. Once Tom's eyelashes started to flutter, there was no stopping the squeal of delight that came out of Max or the smile that followed after.[Chapter 2] During winter, but mostly closer towards Christmas time when it starts to really snow, Max occasionally likes to play outside. Even more so than he usually does in the summertime. Max loves the snow so much that he could play in it for hours and sometimes he does when he really loses track of time. By the time his mom or dad call him in for supper, it's already too late and Max comes down with a cold. The signs are always apparent to Tom every time this happens, because he'll hear Max trying to sniffle up his snot and the tip of his nose will be bright red. This results in Tom helping Max take off his galoshes and wrap him up in a blanket with hot cocoa, but despite all of this Max complains about his nose being too numb to feel anything, making him worry. Tom quells his son's worry, however, by leaning in to press the tip of his nose against Max's and rubbing it affectionately back and forth, simulating an Eskimo kiss. This usually happens a few more times until Max proclaims he has feeling in his nose again. Sometimes Tom entertains the idea that Max stays out for too long on purpose.[Chapter 3] Tom can be a very serious person, a very busy person, but that doesn't necessarily mean he can't fool around or be silly ever once in awhile. He may not bond much with Max anymore, but there are moments when him and his son are horsing around. Max will pounce on his dad with the intent of tickling him silly, but Tom usually gets him in a headlock by hooking an arm around Max's forehead. Tom proceeds to grind his knuckles on top of Max's head, giving him a noogie. \"Stop!\" Max giggles as he struggles in his dad's grip. \"Did you learn your lesson?\" Tom taunts, laughing as Max squeals in delight. \"Yes! Please let me go!\" Max begs with tears of joy in his eyes. Tom lets him go and Max smoothes out his tousled hair as if to compose himself. Tom smiles down at his son and pulls him into a headlock once again, but decides to plant a kiss on the top of his head this time. He rustles his son's curls playfully and Max blushes a little when his dad cups him under the chin tenderly. Tom gazes at his son with a funny look in his eyes and Max scrunches his eyebrows. \"What?\" Max questions, staring up at his dad with wide brown eyes. \"Nothing,\" Tom murmurs, kissing Max on top of the head one more time for good measure. ","Summary":" When Max was young, really young, he was rather clingy especially with his father. But Tom was ofte"},{"Movie":"Just Like Heaven","Title":"A Matter of Trust","Author":"DarlingJenny","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10704168","Passage":"[Chapter 1] AN: I recently rewatched Just Like Heaven and I found myself giggling at the thought of Elizabeth trying to explain to her sister why she started dating this strange guy that Abby once chased out of her house with a cleaver. And so this story was born. o.o.o It's a good night, the night that Elizabeth decides to drop the bombshell on Abby; Abby supposes that's why her sister decided to do it then. They've been out to dinner, and then to a bar, for some sisterly bonding time—just one on one, for the first time since Elizabeth was released from the hospital. John has the kids at home, and David's meeting with a client (although Elizabeth says, with a light in her eyes, that he's going to try to come meet them later). Oh, David. Abby can't decide if she's happy or not at the possibility of him showing up. It still baffles her that her sister started dating a man who claimed to be able to communicate with her spirit, who tried to kidnap her from a hospital. But she says nothing, because in some bizarre way, that kidnapping saved Elizabeth's life. She says nothing because she's trying not to meddle so much in her sister's affairs. She says nothing because she's never seen Elizabeth so happy as she is when she's with David. But she can't forget, and she can't trust him. And apparently Elizabeth has noticed, because in a lull in the conversation, she sets her glass down on the table and begins running her finger along the rim. Abby's seen this move before; her sister is working herself up to something. \"Abby,\" she says after a moment, \"I want to talk to you about David.\" Well, she should have expected this. \"What do you want to tell me?\" she asks, hoping it's an explanation about why they're together and not, as she suddenly irrationally fears, an engagement announcement. \"I feel . . . I feel like you maybe don't like him. Or trust him.\" Her tone isn't accusatory, but Abby feels accused anyway, and she's trying to find a way to express Of course I don't trust him, he's unbalanced in a loving way when Elizabeth speaks again. \"And I can't blame you. After what happened, I would probably think he was completely crazy if I were you.\" She gives her sister an amused look. \"I've noticed you'll never leave him alone with the kids.\" That's entirely true, and Abby splutters, trying to find a response. Elizabeth just laughs. \"Like I said, I completely understand. And so does David. He thinks the world of you and John, by the way.\" She grins. \"Although that might just be because you got the charges against him dropped after he tried to steal my body. You never did give me an explanation for that, by the way.\" Abby hesitates and considers lying, then decides to go with the truth. \"We wouldn't be sitting here right now if he hadn't done it,\" she admits quietly. \"And then, the look on his face when you didn't remember him . . . I've never seen anyone look so heartbroken. Getting him arrested would have been like kicking him while he was down.\" But she fixes her gaze firmly on her sister. \"But if I'd known you were going to turn around and start dating him, I might have changed my mind.\" Elizabeth smiles wryly. \"I'm sorry; I should have given you an explanation a long time ago. I just . . . I've been so happy, and I've enjoyed being in our own little cocoon so much, and talking about it felt like letting people in, you know?\" Abby gives her best supportive sisterly smile, but Elizabeth doesn't return it; her face has become serious and determined, as though making up her mind to see this through. \"Okay, Abby, this is going to sound insane, but I want you to hear me out before you make any judgments. Okay?\" Her response is hesitant. \"Okay.\" Elizabeth looks around as though to make sure no one is listening, but although the bar is crowded, no one is nearby. \"So,\" she says, hesitantly, \"do you remember the first time you met David? When he came over to the house?\" Abby nods. \"He said he was a former patient of yours and that he didn't want us to give up on you.\" \"And?\" Elizabeth prods. Well, she wasn't going to bring this up, but since Elizabeth wants her to . . . \"And he said that you were there in the room with us.\" Elizabeth nods, a wry little grin on her face, and takes a deep breath. \"I was.\" There is silence, or at least as much silence as there ever is in a bar. \"Sorry?\" \"I was there,\" Elizabeth repeats, more firmly this time. \"We were standing in the kitchen and the girls were having a tea party. You were wearing a green sweater and the necklace John got you for your birthday last year. David was by the door and I was by the girls and he kept looking over at me. You came after him with a meat cleaver.\" Abby forgets that she promised to hear her out. These are details only David could know; had he coached her into saying them? \"Elizabeth, what are you saying—\" \"Lily saw me,\" Elizabeth cuts in. \"Did you check the tea party afterwards? She set a cookie out for me.\" It's like time has stopped and the bar around them has disappeared; all Abby can hear is her heart pounding in her ears; all she can think about is the third plate set out in front of an empty chair. Lily had gotten an extra cookie for an invisible guest—not entirely unheard of for Lily, but it was what the little girl had said later that had made the incident stand out. Elizabeth is watching her closely for a reaction. \"Did you see the third cookie?\" Abby nods carefully. \"I did,\" she said slowly. \"And then . . .\" She pauses, but this is her sister, and they tell each other everything. \"Then after David left, Lily asked me if you were going to have more tea.\" Elizabeth chuckles. \"I knew it. I knew she'd seen me.\" \"No,\" says Abby shaking her head, and Elizabeth's smile disappears. \"This is crazy, Elizabeth. You weren't in my kitchen. You were in a coma in the hospital.\" A look of sympathy and understanding crosses the young doctor's face, and she leans forward. \"Do you remember the night of the accident? That you and JJ set up a blind date for me?\" Abby nods slowly. \"That was David,\" her sister explains, and Abby's eyes widen in surprise. \"We were supposed to meet that night. And when we didn't . . . I don't know, it was like some kind of link formed. After I saw those lights coming toward me, I was suddenly somehow in my apartment, and . . . he was there.\" She smiles. \"He was the only one who could see me. I was . . . a ghost, only I wasn't dead, so I don't know what I was. But it was absolutely real.\" And then she's off on a story about how she and David met, how they fought, how he tried to have her exorcised, how they became friends, how he helped her find out who she was. It all sounds completely insane and if had been anyone but her beloved baby sister, Abby would have run away screaming. But she can't. She doesn't believe the story—can't believe the story—but she's still listening raptly, because this is her sister. And because Lily set out an extra cookie for Aunt Elizabeth. \"I was there when you came to see me in the hospital too,\" Elizabeth adds. \"When Brett—Dr. Rushton—told you about my living will. When he encouraged you to terminate life support.\" A strange look crosses her face, like she's reliving an unpleasant memory. \"He told you to just ask God's forgiveness and go for it.\" She smiles a little as she looks at her older sister. \"And you just snapped at him—\" \"That I'd think about it,\" Abby finishes quietly, trying not to freak out because this is impossible. \"We were alone when we had that conversation.\" \"Abby,\" Elizabeth says firmly, \"I was there.\" But they were alone. But Elizabeth knows about it. This is impossible, but Abby can't help wondering if it's also true. Elizabeth is looking at her expectantly, and Abby shakes her head. \"I'm trying to keep an open mind about this, sweetie,\" she says. \"But I don't believe in . . . ghosts and spirits and things . . .\" \"Neither did I,\" says Elizabeth with a wry chuckle. \"Until I was one. And anyway, now that I've told you this story, your options are to accept it or to assume that your sister is crazy.\" Then her expression falls. \"I'm sorry, Abby, I know this is a lot to take in. Honestly I didn't plan on ever telling you, because I worried you'd . . . I don't know.\" \"Why are you telling me now?\" Her sister sighs. \"Because of David,\" she admits. \"He doesn't complain. He doesn't say a word. But I know he knows what you think of him, and I know it bothers him. He wants you guys to like him, and he wants you to be happy for us, but you still—understandably—think of him as the crazy guy who kidnapped your comatose sister.\" \"Maybe a little,\" Abby admits. Elizabeth chuckles. \"And he doesn't deserve that. He's such a good guy, Abby—more than I know how to tell you.\" And then there's that happiness, that light in her eyes that disappeared when Elizabeth first started stressing about med school and reappeared when David came into her life. \"I love him so much, and I love you so much. I just want the two most important people in my life to get along.\" \"I hope I'm one of those two,\" comes a voice behind them, and Elizabeth's whole face lights up like a Christmas tree as she turns to kiss David. He seems no less eager to see her, and when the kiss has ended and Elizabeth has turned back to Abby, David keeps his hand on the small of her back. Abby's noticed that about them over the last few weeks; they're always happiest when they're in physical contact, even if it's just sitting close enough on the sofa that their arms touch. Makes sense, some part of her thinks, if for the the first part of their relationship she was a ghost. Maybe they're just making up for lost time. David notices the serious look on Abby's face. \"Am I interrupting?\" he asks. \"Because I can go—\" \"No,\" says Elizabeth, looking up into his face earnestly, and Abby is forcibly reminded of how sappy she and John were when they first started dating. \"We're just . . .\" And she trails off, looking at Abby. And Abby sighs inwardly—not irritated, just tired and confused. \"She's telling me about how you two met. How you really met,\" she clarifies. \"Oh,\" says David awkwardly. \"Oh, right. How are you . . . feeling about that?\" And then he's looking questioningly at Elizabeth and whispering, \"I thought you weren't going to tell her.\" She takes his hand. \"I wanted her to be happy for us,\" she says softly. \"I'm sorry. About all of it,\" David tells Abby. \"I didn't mean to make a scene in front of your kids. But when we heard that you were taking her off life support . . .\" \"I can see that would have been upsetting,\" Abby says, trying to be fair. Then she sits back, examining the two of them. \"So you were a ghost, and he was the only person who could see you.\" \"We talked to a guy who's kind of an expert on this stuff,\" Elizabeth says. \"He told me—well, he told David, because he could only sense me, not see me—that I had unfinished business. And my unfinished business was to meet David. I think that somehow that means the universe, or God, or fate, or whatever, knew that we'd be happy together if we had the chance.\" \"Jack knows,\" David says suddenly. \"Sorry to interrupt, I just thought—Jack can vouch for it.\" \"JJ?\" Abby repeats. He was apprehended in the hospital along with David that day, but Abby never thought to ask why he was helping David; the two were friends, and anyway stealing a body is definitely not outside the realm of normal behavior for that guy. \"Yeah, ask JJ!\" Elizabeth says. \"He knew, in the hospital. I told David about his old nickname and about you two at the wedding. He believed us. That's why he helped.\" Having JJ on their side doesn't count for much; he still insists, to all their college friends, that he saw Elvis at a gas station once in high school. But still . . . Anyway, it reminds her of something else: that David knew about her kissing JJ before her wedding. She'd assumed JJ told him that, but what if it was Elizabeth? What if? Abby stares at them a long time. She doesn't want to believe it, but Elizabeth knows about the private conversation with the doctor. David knew about the wedding. Lily put out a cookie for Aunt Elizabeth. And most importantly, she's her sister. Finally she sighs. \"I'm still not sure I believe all this,\" she tells them both. \"But I am willing to say that maybe something happened that I don't understand, and I am willing to try to be okay with this whole—\" She gestures toward Elizabeth and David— \"thing.\" David gives her a sweet half-smile, one that she's seen him send toward Elizabeth a thousand times, and her heart softens just a little. \"David, I'm sorry I haven't been very welcoming.\" \"You're just being a good mom,\" he says. \"Trying to protect your kids from the crazy guy.\" \"Well, crazy guy or not, somehow what you did brought my sister back,\" she says. \"And maybe you were never crazy at all.\" Elizabeth grins and throws her arms around her sister. Abby returns the hug, but over her sister's shoulder she fixes David with a serious look. \"But if I ever find out that this is all . . . . some . . . thing,\" she tells him sternly, \"I still have that cleaver.\" \"Understood,\" David smiles, and then Elizabeth smiles, and finally Abby lets herself smile. Abby can't see it from where she sits in that bar, but she will eventually end up believing Elizabeth, mostly. She will have a serious talk with JJ, who will back up the whole story, and then she'll have a serious talk with John, who will end up being surprisingly open to the possibility, and when David and Elizabeth announce their engagement, she won't even protest. But she will reserve the right to pull out the cleaver in the future, should she ever need it. o.o.o ","Summary":" AN: I recently rewatched Just Like Heaven and I found myself giggling at the thought of Elizabeth t"},{"Movie":"Just Like Heaven","Title":"Just Like Heaven","Author":"kensi54382","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12164955","Passage":"[Chapter 1] This is my first attempt at writing for Just Like Heaven. This is sort of a filler for between the scene where Elizabeth woke up in hospital and the scene where she's chasing her nieces in the park. Elizabeth let her sister hug her while she looked around at her surroundings. She was confused. Firstly, she couldn't understand why she was in a hospital bed in the first place. She couldn't understand why the bed wasn't in a room either. Unless doctors were moving a patient, the beds were always in rooms. Secondly, she wasn't sure why everyone was just staring at her. She could see Fran nearby, but she seemed shocked. The guy that had tried to touch her hand- David, her sister had called him- was looking hurt, like she had said something to break his heart. Which was odd, since she had never met the guy before. Brett stood at the end of her bed, looking at her like she was a witch or something. Not that she cared, she hated the guy anyway, just like everyone else did. It was just weird, with everyone looking at her or seemingly shocked. She wanted to say something, but she didn't know what to say. And her sister was holding onto her so tightly, like she thought Elizabeth was going to disappear. \"Abby?\" Elizabeth managed to say through the bone crushing hug she was getting. Abby let go and stood up. \"Yeah Liz?\" \"What's going on?\" Abby shook her head. Tears were streaming down her face and she couldn't bring herself to tell her sister what had happened. She just clutched Elizabeth's hand in her own until Fran stepped forward and took control. \"Get back to work, all of you!\" she called. Her voice was commanding, and Elizabeth watched as her mentor's magic was worked. Everyone dispersed and they were left alone. \"Doctor, what do you want us to do with these two?\" asked a security guard. Elizabeth looked over at him and his partner, holding David and a red-faced, sorry looking Jack. \"JJ?\" Elizabeth asked softly. She was surprised to see him. \"Hey Lizzie,\" he said with a goofy smile. \"I'm sorry Abby, but I couldn't let anything happen to Lizzie.\" Abby just nodded. She understood and didn't really blame the two guys for attempting to steal Elizabeth. She didn't want to sign the papers to cut the life support, but she had thought she was doing what was best for her sister at the time. \"Let them go,\" said Fran. She understood their intentions too. \"Fran? What's happening?\" Elizabeth asked again. \"I'll explain in a moment. Let's get you back to your room and check you first.\" \"My room? What are you talking about?\" Fran gave Elizabeth a reassuring smile as she wheeled the bed back to Elizabeth's room. Once they were back in the room, with Abby still holding her sister's hand, Fran closed the door and sat on the bed. \"What's the last thing you remember doing?\" she asked Elizabeth. \"Uh, talking to Abby. I was telling her that I was on the way to her house for dinner, and that I shouldn't be more than half an hour. Why?\" \"You had a car accident that night. You veered into the opposite lane and an oncoming truck hit your car. You've been unconscious for the last three months.\" \"What?\" Elizabeth couldn't believe what she was hearing. There was no way that was even possible. She had just spoken to Abby the night before. \"Do you remember having dinner with Abby?\" She thought a moment, then Elizabeth shook her head. Suddenly, realisation dawned on her. She looked over at Abby, who was still crying silently, then back at Fran. \"How am I even awake then? Three months is a long time to be in a coma.\" \"I don't have an answer to that, sorry. But, miracles do happen.\" \"What happens now?\" \"I'm going to do a few tests, thoroughly check you out. Depending on the results, I don't see why you can't go home in a few days time. All of your injuries have healed, so I just want to keep you under observation for a little while. I'll be right back.\" Fran got up and left the room, returning a few minutes later with some water and a chart. \"What tests do you want to do?\" \"Let's start with checking your vitals.\" Fran quickly went through the checkup and then sat on the bed again. \"I want to do an MRI, if that's okay with you.\" \"Okay. Can Abby come?\" Elizabeth was pretty sure she knew the answer to that question, but she asked it anyway. \"Normally, I would say no. But after everything you've been through, I guess she can come. Just this one time though.\" Elizabeth smiled. \"Thank you.\" Fran nodded before leaving the room again. She came back ten minutes later to take Elizabeth to her MRI. Abby finished packing a bag with clothes for her sister and walked into the living room, where her two girls were watching TV. \"Ready to go?\" she asked them. Both girls nodded, their smiles as wide as she had ever seen. The previous night, Abby had told Elizabeth she would bring the girls to the hospital for a few hours. When she had gotten home, Abby had asked the girls if they wanted to visit Aunty Elizabeth, and both girls had jumped up happily, ready to leave at that very moment. \"Is Aunty Elizabeth better now?\" asked Lily. \"Not yet sweetheart. But she is awake and misses the both of you. Maybe you can bring your tea set and have a tea party with Aunty Elizabeth?\" Lily grinned. \"Yay!\" She ran into the next room, gathered up the tea set Elizabeth had bought her for Christmas the previous year, and ran back to her mother, all in less than a minute. Laughing, Abby grabbed her daughters' coats and led them to the car. \"Aunty Elizabeth!\" shouted Lily and Zoe in unison. They raced into Elizabeth's room and bounded onto the bed, both girls hugging her at the same time. \"Lily! Zoe!\" exclaimed Abby as she closed the door behind her. \"What did I say about running and shouting in a hospital?\" \"Sorry mummy,\" said Zoe. \"It's alright. Just be careful. Aunty Elizabeth is still a little bit sick.\" The girls grinned at their aunty, then burrowed themselves into her. Elizabeth smiled and wrapped her arms around them, glad that Fran had agreed to not keep her attached to any monitors. \"How are my two favourite little girls?\" Elizabeth asked her nieces. \"We missed you,\" said Zoe as she snuggled into Elizabeth's side. \"I missed you guys too. And mummy.\" \"Mummy missed you lots. She cried.\" \"That's okay. Mummy can cry if she needs to.\" Abby gave her sister a grateful smile. \"Aunty Elizabeth?\" asked Lily. \"Yeah honey?\" \"Can we play tea parties?\" \"If you want to.\" \"Cool. I brought my tea set with us. Zoe, want to help me set it up?\" \"Okay.\" Zoe let go of Elizabeth and took the cups from her sister. They set out the tea set and poured imaginary tea into the cups, making sure that their aunty had the first cup. Two days later, Elizabeth was heading home. Abby had picked her up from the hospital an hour earlier, while Zoe and Lily were at school, and they had just gotten to Abby's house. It was where Elizabeth was going to be staying at the moment, until her apartment was ready to be used again. It meant she would be babysitting her nieces a lot more, not that it was a problem for her, and she would be around her family. It was better than she could have hoped for, and she was beyond grateful to her sister and the hospital for everything they had done for her in the last three months. ","Summary":" This is my first attempt at writing for Just Like Heaven. This is sort of a filler for between the "},{"Movie":"Just Like Heaven","Title":"Fade","Author":"Nostalgic Uncertainty","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8181721","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \"When you're gone, all the colors seem to fade\" Amos Lee – Colors I rushed through the hallways like a maniac, not caring at all about the consequences; the only thing that mattered to me was lying down on the stretcher I was pushing. I knew they were going to get me. I could hear their footsteps and loud voices barking out orders to each other, Orders against me. So I turned and turned cutting corners avoiding hitting nurses passing by, and then suddenly officers blocked my every way. I was cornered. Beep Beep Beep Beep Beep I had seen this exact moment several times in movies, probably even called it cheesy and changed the channel never really thinking about what it would feel like if it were to happen to me. It definitely wasn't an amusing matter. I went numb. You could stab with a knife right now and I wouldn't even flinch. It took about 10 seconds for it to register into my head that this was actually happening to me. The exact same moment I bent down and put my lips on his, breathing in air hoping to hear short normal beeps from the monitor till I was yanked down on the ground by officers. I felt like the air was pulled out of my lungs, faces spinning above me as they restrained me. But that didn't affect me, not as much as what happened next Beep Beep Beep Beep He coughed. I shot up from the ground and they let me go as Abby gave them a nod, and then I ran to him. The person I didn't even know a few months ago. The one only I could see, the one who was in a coma, the one who was going to die for real, the one who would never open his eyes again. Until now. Words can't possibly describe how I feel for him. For the first time in my life. I've fallen in love With a spirit Soon to wake in his human body His eyes fluttered open while Abby was sobbing into her hands, and he looked at me, deep in my eyes for the first time as a human. \"David...\" I whispered I saw his face turn into a confused frown as he turned to his sister \"Abby?\" \"David! It's okay! You're okay everything's okay now!\" she tried to talk but couldn't stop crying I don't blame her, I feel like crying, and I NEVER cry. \"David!\" I tried again with a louder voice only to receive the same reaction. Though it made Abby ask \"Dave... It's Elizabeth. You don't remember Elizabeth?\" \"I ... I don't think know you\" That's it. My world stopped There is literally no point anymore All that we've been though It's all gone Like a file you made but forgot to save I walked away I went home for the first time without him by my side. And I cried I moved out while he moved in Just like the way it used to be Except I remember him While he never will End. ","Summary":" \"When you're gone, all the colors seem to fade\" Amos Lee – Colors I rushed through the hallways l"},{"Movie":"Just Like Heaven","Title":"Take My Roommate Please!","Author":"shego219","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4710895","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Take My Roommate… Please! Summary : Inspired by a classic film and a line from the actual movie. David and Elizabeth unknowingly share an apartment, one living there by day, the other by night… until Fate intervenes. Pairings : Eventual David/Elizabeth A/N : Based on the film \"Rafter Romance\" from the '30s starring Ginger Rogers. Chapter One \"No.\" \"Elizabeth.\" \"Grace, I said no!\" Elizabeth Masterson stormed into her living room followed closely by her landlady-slash-aspiring real estate agent, the Grace in question. \"Would you at least consider it?\" the other woman reasoned not unkindly, clasping her clipboard in front of her. \"Oh, okay,\" Elizabeth snapped, turning around with her hands on her hips. \"Hmmm… I'm considering it… nope. Not happening.\" \"There's no need to be snippy,\" Grace countered. \"How did you think I would be?\" the young blonde shouted, throwing up her hands. \"Why did you even propose this?\" \"Because,\" Grace sighed, \"I have a very nice young man with nowhere to stay who is more than willing to pay his way-\" \"But why me? Why this apartment?\" \"Sweetie, you're always working,\" Grace noted. \"You're never here.\" Elizabeth stared at her shoes. \"That's not true,\" she defended meekly. \"He's also looking for a pad that's fully furnished, so you don't have to worry about him moving things in or around here,\" Grace continued. \"And, as I tried to mention earlier, he's willing to pay half the rent, which means a lot seeing as this place isn't exactly cheap,\" she remarked, looking around the spacious loft. \"If this is about the money I don't see why,\" Elizabeth noted. \"I have no trouble making payments. I'm a doctor for crying out loud! I'm about to be made resident.\" \"Meaning you'll be here even less,\" Grace concluded, knowing full well how thick she was laying on the guilt. \"Shutting up now,\" Elizabeth sighed. \"It's a win-win situation,\" Grace pointed out. \"You're helping a nice guy out while saving yourself some of that hard-earned money. Who knows,\" she added, \"maybe you can use some of that extra cash to take a vacation.\" Elizabeth sighed one last time before uncrossing her arms and plopping down on the couch. \"Fine,\" she remarked, picking up the clipboard with her new roommate's information on it, \"but if he turns out to be some hobo who wandered in off the street I'm going to be severely disappointed in you. \"This is it, right?\" David Abbott asked as he set his bags down in the entryway. \"Yes, now if you'll follow me, I can take you on a tour…\" Grace instructed before turning around to find client gone. \"Mr. Abbott?\" At the sound of his name, the man in question wandered down from the roof and ambled into the kitchen wordlessly. Grace moved to follow him but instead found herself backing up as he passed her, entering the living area. \"The view is nice,\" he remarked. \"Yes, yes it is,\" Grace replied, grateful to have something to talk about. Deep down, she knew, David was a nice, earnest, hard-working man… but socially he was a little challenged. \"They say that if you look out this exact window, past the Golden Gate Bridge-\" \"So is the deal really going through?\" he interrupted. \"Am I really going to be living here?\" \"Yes,\" Grace replied, \"by some miracle of God,\" she added under her breath. \"The woman who lives here currently has graciously agreed to set up a timetable: she gets the apartment from 8 a.m. to 8 p.m. since she works mostly nights, and you get the place from 8 p.m. to 8 a.m. since you work during the day. Ideally, you never have to cross paths, which is fine since you're both, well, a tad antisocial, and everyone lives happily ever after. Sound good?\" \" 'She?' \" David repeated, as if thrown for a loop by the second word of Grace's spiel. \"Yes, a woman lives here. Is that… a problem?\" Grace queried hesitantly. It had been hard enough to find him a place that suited his 'personality,' so help her God, not to mention getting Elizabeth to agree to the arrangement… \"I can't sleep in her bed,\" David said absentmindedly, almost to himself. \"Well, I suppose-\" \"Can I sleep on the couch?\" \"The couch?\" Grace blinked in surprise. \"I don't see why not.\" \"Good,\" David replied, plopping down between the cherry-red seat cushions. \"I like the couch.\" ","Summary":" Take My Roommate… Please! Summary : Inspired by a classic film and a line from the actual movie. Da"},{"Movie":"Just Like Heaven","Title":"Living Her Dream","Author":"BurningxRedxCaskett","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7476672","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Authors Note: Well, here it is…my first fic based off of a movie! I'm excited for this…and also nervous as I don't want to butcher one of my favorite Reese Witherspoon movies…please tell me what you think. If you like it, then I'll continue…if you don't then I suppose this is just going to be a cute little \"deleted scene\" if you will. Reviews are love, leave some. Krystle \" How do I know you?\" Elizabeth asks confused trying to connect the man's face to a memory. \" Maybe from your dreams,\" he answers lamely, as her hand reaches out for the key. As soon as their hands touch, she has flashes of being with this man. Walking along the streets of San Fransisco, helping him attempt to get her body out of the hospital. She squints her eyes and ever so slightly shakes her head, \"It wasn't a dream.\" He agrees, \"No.\" Taking this small window of opportunity, David pulls her to him, and kisses her rosy lips. He had been waiting for this since she woke up from her coma, and before if he's honest with himself. The day she woke up when he said that he loved her, he wasn't lying. He hasn't felt this way since Laura, and if he's asked, the amount of love he has for Elizabeth is more than he's ever felt for anyone. Their connection breaks, and he can see the love shining in her eyes. Her face lights up and she smiles, touching his face with her hand, \"David?\" \" Yeah,\" he whispers, pulling her back to him. Elizabeth pulls away from him and rests her forehead on his. \"I'm sorry I didn't remember you.\" \"No, don't be sorry,\" he says, \"As hurt as I was that you didn't remember me, that's how happy I was that you were alive. If I had to go through life knowing that you didn't remember me, then I could take comfort in the fact that while I lost you to amnesia from your coma, I hadn't lost the hope of one day finding you again.\" \"When you were with JJ in the supply closet, you said that you love me,\" she says, her blue eyes gazing up into his brown ones. \"Is that true?\" David reaches up and brushes an unruly curl from her face; nods, \"Yes. I love you, Lizzie. I meant every word I've ever said to you. I can't hide it, I can't change it and I wouldn't want to if I could. You've saved me-you brought me back to life.\" \"I love you, too, David,\" she says, resting her head on his chest. \"Thank you.\" \"For what?\" \"Everything. For moving into my apartment, for not letting them take me off of life support, for kissing me,\" she shakes her head softly and looks back up at him and smiles, resting a hand on his cheek once more. \"For giving me a reason to live other than my job.\" \"I'm not the only reason to live, Lizzie,\" he says, \"You have Abby, and your nieces, your brother-in-law…\" \"But I was missing something from my life,\" she explains. \"Remember how I said that you were my unfinished business; that we were supposed to meet?\" He nods, \"Yeah.\" She smiles at him, \"You're my destiny, David. We were supposed to meet, and fall in love. It happened, just not the way it was supposed to.\" JustLikeHeaven Since Elizabeth remembered who David was, they've spent every moment together. Pieces of their time together while she was still in a coma are starting to come back to her. She's even chewed him out for leaving a ring on two of her coffee tables, to which he can only smile and shake his head. \"Why are you smiling?\" she asks, after catching her breath from her rant. \"You,\" he says. \"Don't worry, I'll re-stain them and you'll never know that there was a ring.\" She's smiling now too, and after a moment she says, \"No, leave it how it is.\" \"Why? So you can always have a reason to rant?\" he asks jokingly. She shakes her head, \"No, because they make this your house too.\" He looks up at her, eyes wide, \"Lizzie-\" \"I'm not saying move in now, although I would love to have you here instead of just a little space in my closet and dresser,\" she explains, \"but you did live here while I was in the hospital. My house is essentially you're house too. One day, I would like for you to move in with me. Don't you want to?\" He kisses her, \"Of course I do.\" \"But-?\" \"But I think we need to explain our relationship to Abby,\" he says. \"She's your big sister, and she's going to want to know why we're moving so fast, even though we aren't.\" Elizabeth nods, she knows that Abby is going to have several questions. They first have to convince her that David was telling the truth about Elizabeth being with him when he went to convince her not to take her off of life support. \"Come with me tonight,\" Elizabeth says. \"To your family dinner?\" \"Yeah,\" she says, \"we can explain to Abby that you were telling the truth, and how we fell in love. If this coma has taught me anything, it's that life is too short. I want to start living my life with you as soon as I can.\" He smiles, \"I want that too. I want everything with you, Lizzie.\" \"So you'll come tonight?\" \"Yeah, I'll come.\" She smiles and kisses him, \"I love you.\" \"I love you too.\" JustLikeHeaven \"Are you sure this is a good idea?\" David asks as they walk up the steps to Abby's house. \"Yes,\" Elizabeth says, grabbing his hand. \"Abby will love you as much as I do. I promise.\" He smiles and nods at her as she opens the door. \"Zoe, Lilly-vanilly!\" \"Aunty Elizabeth!\" two little girls call out, running through the house to greet her. \"Girls, I told you no running in the house,\" Abby scolds, as she meets the girls and Elizabeth in the hallway. She pulls her sister in for a hug, and smiles, \"How are feeling?\" \"I'm doing good,\" Elizabeth says, then smiles at David, \"really good.\" Abby smiles, and looks up at the extra guest. \"Hi, David, right?\" He nods, and offers his hand, \"Yeah, hi.\" Zoe grabs David's free hand and drags him down the hall to their play room where he joins the girls in another tea party. Abby looks at Elizabeth with a raised eyebrow, \"I thought you didn't remember him.\" \"I didn't at first,\" she says, \"the day you dropped me off at my house, you said you rented my apartment for a month.\" Abby nods, \"Yeah, we did.\" \"David was the guy who rented the apartment.\" \"No, he told me that he was a patient of yours. He had spinal-meningitis and no one thought that he'd get better but you.\" \"I know,\" she says with a smile. \"Do you remember when he said that I was standing right next to him?\" At Abby's confused nod, Elizabeth continues, \"I was. He wasn't lying. You didn't believe him, and chased him around the house with a meat cleaver. Lilly knew I was here. She placed a cookie on the table to David's right. I was there the whole time.\" \"You're serious?\" \"Yes. How do you think he knew you kissed JJ before you're wedding?\" Abby's eyes widen, \"You said you would never tell!\" \"I had to tell him something no one else knew so that you'd believe him-although you still didn't.\" \"Well, would you believe him?\" Abby asks, \"Really, Elizabeth, it was a bit farfetched.\" \"I understand that, but how else could he have known?\" Abby nods, \"Good point.\" Collecting her thoughts, Abby shakes her head, \"so how did you end up remembering him?\" \"The day you brought me home, I went up to the roof, and he was there. You should see it, Abby; he gave me a rooftop garden. He told me how he got in using the spare key, and when he handed it back to me and our hands touched…I remembered everything.\" \"So what's going on between you two?\" Elizabeth smiles, \"We're dating. But that's not the best part. The night of my accident when you were trying to set me up with JJ's friend…do you remember the name of the guy?\" Abby puts the pieces of the puzzle together and shakes her head in disbelief, \"No, he's that David?\" \"Yeah,\" she answers, \"everything worked out, just in a much different way. When he was trying to get me out of the hospital, he admitted to JJ and me that he loves me.\" She smiles, hearing David speak in a British accent with her nieces, and looks back to her older sister, \"I love him too, Abby. I know that it seems fast, but to us it's not. We shared something before I woke up and now we are sharing something better.\" Abby smiles, \"Honey as long as he makes you happy, I don't need to have any explanation about your relationship.\" \"He does, Abby, I'm so happy with him, I can't imagine being without him.\" ","Summary":" Authors Note: Well, here it is…my first fic based off of a movie! I'm excited for this…and also ner"},{"Movie":"Just Like Heaven","Title":"Don't Let Her Go","Author":"Christine Writer","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/3614691","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Okay, so the deal is that Elizabeth stayed at the hospital with her body, but didn't come back to see David because he went to see her first. Disclaimer: I own nothing! Shout-out: To Emi Notrek, this one's for you. He couldn't believe that she was gone. He understood that she needed to be with her physical half, but that she had said goodbye with such finality tore his heart to shreds. He didn't understand why things had to be this way. ","Summary":" Okay, so the deal is that Elizabeth stayed at the hospital with her body, but didn't come back to s"},{"Movie":"Just Like Heaven","Title":"Just Like Hell","Author":"Jaded Ashes","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4101269","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Just Like a Nightmare \"I swear to you David! Nothing happened!\" Elizabeth yelled whilst David was constantly and angrily pacing around the flat, throwing plates and a new glass vase. \"Oh nothing happened! Nothing happened! I saw you kiss him!\" \"I pushed him away! He caught me by surprise!\" Elizabeth ducked as a plate was thrown almost directly at her. \"David, stop it!\" \"No! Why should I when you have just blatantly lied to me!\" \"I told you! He caught me by surprise! I pushed him away I swear it David!\" \"No! I saw you wrapping your arms around him! I saw you smiling! You were enjoying it!\" Enraged he threw another plate, though this time he didn't miss. The plate flew right into her face, leaving a deep cut across her forehead. The blood dripped from her, onto her beautiful eyes and staining there new cream floor. The image of the blood filled his head with dread, his phobia had consumed him again. Although this time, he didn't faint; he didn't collapse. He just stopped and stared. \"Elizabeth! Oh bloody hell, umm are you alright?\" She lay there, her eyes sealed shut. Her mind disappeared into an eternal darkness. A darkness that many have escaped from, but what if you never open your eyes? David rushed to the phone for an ambulance; he dialled 9-1 then stopped in his tracks. They would ask questions, they would think that he had been abusing her. He could be arrested! He slammed the phone back down and raced to the first aid kit. He rushed through the box, throwing out plasters, a scalpel some scissors, sheets of paper; then he yanked out the old bandages from the box and raced back into the kitchen. The blood was gushing from her head; his throat was gagging. He needed to do this. He needed to save her life. But that fear, that fear of the blood red substance. It made his mind wander. Until his eyes saw another figure appear; a very familiar one. One which was lying in front of him, yet standing right in front of him. \"Not again, David!\" Elizabeth had once again left her body, only now she wasn't on life support. \"David, you call an ambulance right now!\" \"I can't Elizabeth!\" \"You must be joking! I could die and all you care about is you! Maybe I was right about you, David. When I first met you all those years ago I thought that you were a deranged, self indulged arsehole!\" \"Look Elizabeth, I can fix this. All I need to do is bandage you up then you'll be fine.\" He suddenly bent down beside her body, about to bandage her wound. Yet his nerves got the better of him, his hands were shaking and he had no control of the motion of his arms. \"Ok, maybe I was wrong. You are not just a deranged, self indulged arsehole. You are now stupid as well. Look, David. If you bandage up my head it won't help, some of the plate has cut into my skull and it could have possibly reached the brain.\" There was a pause, a silence of realism. The seriousness of the situation was finally sinking in to David. His hands stopped shaking; he gained control of his arms. He quickly got grabbed some cotton wool from the cupboard, he washed it and gently dabbed it onto her forehead. Then he quickly wrapped the bandage round her head and smartly pinned it together with a safety pin. Then he dashed to the phone and finally completed dialling 9-1-1. Then he sat down on his favourite, comfortable sofa and waited. Waited for Elizabeth's soul to give him a lecture; a lecture on how to use plates safely, on how not to throw them at people; on how to forgive her for making a mistake. But when she sat down; he received words which he hoped would never be heard by his ears. ","Summary":" Just Like a Nightmare \"I swear to you David! Nothing happened!\" Elizabeth yelled whilst David was"},{"Movie":"Just Like Heaven","Title":"Mrs Laura Abbott","Author":"Blood-On-Glass","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11305235","Passage":"[Chapter 1] AN: I watched this movie for the first time last night. It's been on my shelf for years and I just never watched it. I really enjoyed it though so I decided to write something on it. Another day, another beer can cracked open. It was David's third one and it was barely noon. He sat on the couch, the beer in his hand, listening to the soft music that was playing from the bedroom. Andrew Lloyd Webber's \"Wishing You Were Somehow Here Again\" from The Phantom of the Opera was barely audible from the distance, but due to the fact he listened to it on a regular basis he knew exactly what was being said. He wasn't an opera fan-in fact he hated opera and musicals for that matter, but it was one of Laura's favorite movies and she was always constantly playing her Andrew Lloyd Webber album, so hearing it around the house was almost like she never left. Plus, the lyrics weren't completely unrelatable. \"I thought you said you would ease up on the drinking,\" came a criticizing voice from behind him. He slowly closed his eyes and mentally counted to three before answering. \"And I thought you said you were going to go haunt the hospital.\" \"Please,\" Elizabeth scoffed before plopping down next to David on the couch. \"I got bored. Besides, I don't haunt, that's what ghosts do, and I'm not a ghost.\" \"Fine. I thought you were going to go stalk everyone at the hospital,\" David corrected himself. \"Now you're just making me sound creepy.\" David didn't answer, instead he took a drink from his beer can, not caring that Elizabeth was looking at him through judgemental eyes. \"What are you listening to anyway?\" she asked, changing the subject. David listened to the lyrics that were coming from the bedroom: Close you eyes and surrender to your darkest dreams Leave all thoughts of the world you knew before Close your eyes, let your spirit start to soar And you'll live as you've never lived before \"Music of the night,\" he answered. \"What the hell is that?\" she asked, wrinkling her nose. \"I thought every woman was familiar with Phantom of the Opera .\" Elizabeth gave him a look and he sighed. \"Oh, that's right, you were a workaholic. It's a broadway musical that got turned into a movie which I've seen only a million times. It's a romance thing that I'm sure has a deeper plot that I just never was able to figure out.\" Elizabeth raised her eyebrows and smiled. \"I don't take you for a romantic guy. Or musicals for that matter. Or anything with a deep plot.\" David rolled his eyes. \"I'm not.\" Elizabeth looked at him. \"Then why-\" she stopped, realization dawning on her. \"Oh. I'm guessing Laura was a romantic musicals kind of girl.\" David nodded, looking ahead. \"Yeah. She loved them all. West Side Story, Evita, even Cats, and God, that one is just awful.\" Elizabeth laughed. \"What's that one about?\" \"Cats. Literally that's it.\" Elizabeth laughed. \"I've never heard you play it before. Or any of the musicals.\" David shrugged. \"It's been a while,\" he admitted. \"But today. . .\" \"What's today?\" Elizabeth asked. \"Today would have been our fifth anniversary.\" The smile faded from Elizabeth's face and she looked down at the floor. \"I'm sorry,\" she whispered sympathetically. \"It must be so hard.\" David shrugged again. \"Yeah.\" A small smile crept on his face. \"It's funny, I could never remember our anniversary when she was alive. It always just escaped my mind.\" \"What did she look like?\" Elizabeth asked. \"I can't even describe her,\" David answered. \"I could show her to you, if you'd like.\" \"A picture?\" David smiled. \"I've got something better.\" He got up from the couch and put a tape in the VHS player. He turned on the TV and was greeted by his wife's beautiful smile. He pressed play and the room was filled with her laughter as David was shoving cake into her mouth. Her laughter was music to his ears despite only coming from the TV. He glanced over at Elizabeth who was completely silent, probably for the first time since they met, and he was surprised to see tears in her eyes. \"Lizzie?\" he asked slowly. \"Oh, God, David, she's gorgeous,\" she whispered, a tear rolling down her cheek. She looked over at him. \"I wish I could hug you.\" David let out a small breath of laughter. \"It looks like you're the one who needs it right now to be honest.\" Elizabeth sighed. \"I feel so bad for you. Nobody deserves to lose the love of their life.\" \"It's not just that.\" She shook her head. \"It's not.\" Another tear rolled down her cheek. \"It just makes me think of what I could have had. I spent my entire life at the hospital, and I might die knowing I never actually lived. It just makes me. . . sad.\" David looked back at his wife on the TV. \"You won't die, Lizzie. I couldn't do anything for Laura when she died, but I will do everything in my power to help you. You will get out of that coma and you will finally live your life. I promise.\" And maybe it will be with me. He didn't dare to say those words out loud, but he had a feeling Elizabeth knew anyway. He stared at his wife. There was no way in hell he was going to lose the woman he was in love with again. He wouldn't be able to survive if he did. AN: I know that was super short but I just wanted a scene where the two talked about Laura a little more. The movie didn't talk about her enough in my opinion. Hope it was enjoyable, though I doubt anyone is still talking about/reading about this movie anymore. It's like ten years old and wasn't ever that popular. I was so surprised when I saw Mark Ruffalo was in it. I love him! ","Summary":" AN: I watched this movie for the first time last night. It's been on my shelf for years and I just "},{"Movie":"Just Like Heaven","Title":"Downfall","Author":"MyHeartDrawsADream","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7005699","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Authors Note: I recently got really obsessed with this movie, and decided to write a fanfiction about it. I usually don't post stories on here, but I decided to try and upload this. The only other time I've posted was 3 years ago. I personally think my writing has improved a lot since then, but I'll let you be the judge of that. So tell me what you think of this. \"Would you by any chance have the current location of David Abbot?\" I asked the real estate agent that I went to go see. I think her name was Grace, or something like that anyway… \"May I please ask for your name first?\" \"Yes, of course. It's Elizabeth Masterson. I know David from an old mutual friend. I really need to contact him about some personal matters,\" I lied, using my best professional tone. Grace sighed and started clicking a bunch of buttons on her computer. \"David recently moved to New York, something about San Francisco being too much to handle at this point in his life, and the apartment he was living in ended up not giving him a lease. When he told me he was moving to New York, I sent him to a real estate agency I knew about out there. I could give you the number and you could try contacting them and see if you can get any more information. I make no promises that they will give you his information, but this is the best I can do for you right now.\" She quickly scribbled something on a yellow post-it and held it out to me. I can't believe he moved so far away. \"Th-thank you,\" I managed to choke out while taking the post-it from her hand. As I turned to leave, I heard her call out a quick \"Good luck.\" I turned around and gave her a small smile before heading out the door and going back home. I sat down on the couch and looked around, hoping to find some sort of clue that David might have left to let me know where he is. All I saw was a ring on the coffee table from where he didn't use a coaster. Other than that, the apartment was exactly like it was before he moved in. Pretending to not remember who he was was probably the stupidest thing I've ever done in my entire life. If I didn't, maybe he wouldn't have left. Maybe he wouldn't have moved all the way out to New York. Maybe he would still be here. I got up to get my cell phone and the post-it from my bag and sat back down on the couch. All I seemed to be doing since I got home was sitting on the couch. Great. I'm probably becoming a couch potato like David. Then again, what else am I supposed to do all day? I can't go back to work for another three weeks. I dialed the number that Grace gave me, and waited until someone finally decided to answer the phone. \"Hello, you've reached the New York Real Estate Agency. This is Tori speaking, how may I help you?\" \"Hi, my name is Elizabeth Masterson. I was just wondering if you could give me the address of one of your clients that recently moved to New York?\" I held my breath, hoping to get the answer I wanted. I needed to go find David. I haven't seen him since that day in the hospital, and I couldn't wait any longer. Authors Note: So? What'd you think? It's just a short preview... If you want me to continue it, tell me by leaving a review. I wanna know what you think. :) ","Summary":" Authors Note: I recently got really obsessed with this movie, and decided to write a fanfiction abo"},{"Movie":"Just Like Heaven","Title":"When A Touch Is All You Need","Author":"FEARLESS MASTER","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5247070","Passage":"[Chapter 1] When a Touch Is All YounNeed My first Just Like Heavennfanfic, Elizabeth and David finally see to their unfinished business. Elizabeth laid next tonDavid, her heart beating erratically in her chest, she and David hadntried this before, but that was when she was a spirit and David couldnnot touch her then nor could she have felt his touch. The beautiful doctor lookednat her lover, \"Are you ready for this, we finally have the tools wenneed to take our love further.\" after David's response, a shy smilenthat made Elizabeth feel good inside, they came together for a tendernkiss. \"Alright then, shall we?\"nthe blond doctor made the first move in this night of passion andnthroughout the act, she felt happiness and strength coursing throughnher screaming demeanor, fighting back the thought of losing herncontrol finally failed as the clock over their heads chimed midnight,nthis had been their first night together as true lovers, \"Sometimes,na touch is all you need to satisfy someone's personal needs, thanknyou David.\" Elizabeth managed a ragged breath before she fellnasleep in her lover's arms. A short fanfic but hopefullynyou will see the magic that is explored here, and how Elizabethnfinally experienced the true meaning of life, I will have anothernJust Like Heaven fanfic for you soon! ","Summary":" When a Touch Is All YounNeed My first Just Like Heavennfanfic, Elizabeth and David finally see to t"},{"Movie":"Just Like Heaven","Title":"Hospital Revisited: After David Recognized Lizzie","Author":"kharkiv","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/3586115","Passage":"[Chapter 1] HOSPITAL REVISITED: WHAT HAPPENED AFTER ELIZABETH RECOGNIZED DAVID \"Oh, Lizzie,\" David kept saying, rustling Elizabeth's hair with his hand. \"Oh, Lizzie.\" She had recognized him. It was just like her spirit had said. Now that they had touched, Elizabeth had remembered David. All of this was too good to be true. Here she was, his Lizzie. She wasn't going to disappear in a few minutes. She was real. Her body was real. David pulled Elizabeth even closer, kissing her even more passionately. \"But how…?\" Elizabeth asked, finally pulling away. She looked dazedly at the majestic garden. \"I told you. I got in with the spare key.\" \"This must have taken you so much time…\" \"I would give all in the time in the world for you.\" \"Oh, David…\" And, with that, she couldn't hold it any longer. She plunged into his arms once more and the kissing frenzy started again. As they finally drew up for a breath, David reached into his pocket and drew out a small red velvet box. \"Open it,\" he whispered. With trembling fingers, Elizabeth drew open the lid. Inside was a golden ring. Before David could ask, Elizabeth threw her arms around him. \"Yes! Yes! YES!\" David swept her up and twirled her around. Elizabeth leaned back and laughed as she got dizzier and dizzier… \"…But…how could this have happened?\" David's voice trembled. He was standing in Elizabeth's hospital room once more. \"It's called a relapse,\" one of the nurses sadly said. \"I'm afraid Elizabeth has gone back into her coma.\" \"She'll come back, though, won't she?\" David asked. \"I'm sorry. We tried everything we could. Now, all we can do is hope and pray.\" \"This was my fault,\" David suddenly realized. \"I spun her around. She was still recovering…\" \"Don't blame it on yourself, David,\" Abby, who was crying by her sister's side, said. \"We all thought Elizabeth would get better.\" \"I'd like to be alone with her,\" David gruffly said. At that, everyone, even Abby, left. \"Elizabeth?\" David called, hoping to summon up her spirit. There was no response, only the monotonous beeping of the heart monitor. \"Elizabeth, please come back!\" Nothing. Suddenly, David knew something was wrong. The heart monitor's beeping was getting weaker and weaker. \"Somebody, help!\" he yelled. Nobody answered. He couldn't face this again. He couldn't watch Elizabeth die. He glanced at the nightstand by Elizabeth's bed. Something caught his eye. It was a bottle of morphine. Without thinking twice, David unscrewed the lid and poured the entire bottle down his throat. Now, he would be with Elizabeth forever. Suddenly, Elizabeth's eyelids fluttered open. \"David?\" she asked sleepily. \"No! Elizabeth!\" David screamed, but it was too late. David collapsed to the floor. Elizabeth jumped out of her bed. Two doctors, entering the room, immediately pinned her down. \"Are you crazy?\" they asked. \"Do you want another relapse?\" \"Let go of me!\" Elizabeth struggled. She had to save David. Finally, she broke free of the doctors and ran to David's side. As she felt David's pulse, she could barely feel it. Urgently, Elizabeth started performing CPR. After only a few seconds, though, she was seized back by a group of doctors. \"Stop,\" they said. \"There's nothing you can do for him.\" Crying, Elizabeth stared helplessly at David's unmoving body. Suddenly, David coughed. \"It can't be…\" someone murmured. \"Elizabeth?\" David whispered. \"Oh, David!\" She ran to his side, no longer being held down. \"Elizabeth! Don't ever do that to me again!\" David sternly looked up at her. \"Well, don't do that to me either. I had to go and save your life, you know.\" \"Then we're even,\" David said, smiling. \"Marry me?\" \"Of course!\" With that, she knelt down to David, who was still lying on the floor. Before she could touch him, he jumped and swept her up like before. In front of all the amused doctors and nurses, they kissed like never before. The End ","Summary":" HOSPITAL REVISITED: WHAT HAPPENED AFTER ELIZABETH RECOGNIZED DAVID \"Oh, Lizzie,\" David kept sayin"},{"Movie":"Just Like Heaven","Title":"Doubt","Author":"Eternal Optimist","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/2827185","Passage":"[Chapter 1] This is SailornSerenity5. My writer's block has finally lifted! Here's my newnstory I hope you like it. I really love the movie Just Like Heaven Inthought it was so sweet and the book too. Itnhad been three months since Elizabeth had come out of the coma. Afternthat day on the rooftop when she had remembered who David was and thenunusual circumstances that had thrown them together they had made annew arrangement. Now that she was awake and the apartment was legallynher's again Elizabeth had asked David to live with her. Elizabeth'snsister, Abby had after much convincing from the pair, come to termsnwith the fact that David had been telling the truth. As farfetched asnit was, she realized that David wasn't crazy and that the two hadnfallen in love. Abby even apologized for her actions and welcomednDavid with open arms. Elizabeth and David have been dating for threenmonths now. Warmnrays of sunlight filtered in through the windows casting a surrealnglow about the room. The sunlight shone in David's eyes causing himnto stir. Opening his eyes, he gazed at the beautiful blonde nestlednin his arms and smiled lovingly, stroking her cheek. ElizabethnMasterson slowly opened her eyes and smiled up at David. \"MorningnLizzie,\" he whispered softly, still stroking her face. \"MorningnDavid,\" she replied, her eyelids lowered slightly from sleep. Davidnleaned down and placed a kiss on her lips, which she happilynresponded to by wrapping her arms tightly around his neck, deepeningnthe kiss. After a few moments they broke apart, breathless. \"Wow!nIf that was my wake-up call, I can sure get used to this!\"nElizabeth joked, her eyes twinkling. David chuckled his eyesncontaining a mischievous glint. \"And in case thatndoesn't work there's always this…\" he said Davidnlunged at Elizabeth, tackling her and tickling her sides mercilessly,nlaughing the whole time. She laughed, gasping for breath trying tonget away. \"Ahhh!nDavid…stop…that's not fair…\" she managed to say betweenngasps. David finally stoppedntickling her and said with a small smirk of triumph, \"There. Inthink that did it. Now you're fully awake.\" Elizabeth just rollednher eyes, getting up off the bed. \"I'm going to take a showernDavid.\" David got up out ofnthe bed and waked over to the dresser in their room and pulled out anpair of jeans and a t-shirt for the day. He walked out into henkitchen clad only in his boxers and began to make breakfast. This hadnbecome a habit of his ever since he had moved in with Elizabeth.nYawning profusely, he started up the stove top, heated up a pan, andnbegan frying some eggs. David heard a door close and he turnednaround. \"Mmmm…somethingnsmells good,\" Elizabeth commented, sniffing the air. \"Yep. I'm makingnsome breakfast. Can you watch the eggs for me while I go take anshower?\" David asked picking up the clothes he was going to wear. Elizabeth walked overntowards David placing her hands on his bare chest, a mischievous looknin her eyes. \"What's the magicnword?\" she asked jokingly. \"Mother may I?\" hensaid in a little kid's voice, laughing. \"Close enough,\"nshe replied. She laughed and leanednforward kissing him. David broke the kiss reluctantly, said thank-younand headed for the shower. When he got back to the kitchen he sawnElizabeth sitting at the mahogany table, smiling with two places set.nThe plates were loaded with French toast, eggs and bacon. \"Wow! You really gotncooking\" he said amazed at all the food she had prepared in such anshort time. \"You better sit downnand eat before it gets cold. Don't forget we still have to go picknout the flowers to replant the ones that died in the garden,\" shenreminded him. \"Yeah…about that…Inhave something I have to do later on so can we go another day?\" henasked tentatively. \"Well…yeah butnwe've been planning this for almost a week,\" she saidndisappointed. David looked awaynguiltily. \"I really have something I need to do,\" he answerednvaguely. \"Well, alright. Inguess if you need to we can always do thins another time,\" shenagreed, reluctantly. David and Elizabethnfell into a slightly uncomfortable silence as they finished theirnbreakfast. Since Elizabeth cooked David gathered their dirty dishednand began washing them. Elizabeth went up to the rooftop to water thenplants and pull the weeds in the garden that David had built her.nWhen Elizabeth came downstairs she looked around but David wasn'tnthere. \"David are younhere?\" she called for him but received no answer. Going out to thenkitchen she saw the dishes in the drainer and a note on the table. Lizzie, I went outnfor a while because I have something I need to do. I'll be homenlater. -David What could David havento do that was so important as to make him blow off their plans? Henhad been so vague about it and hadn't really said what he wasndoing. She debated what to do. Maybe she should just get the plantsnherself although she knew that David had wanted to be there when theyngot them. That was the thing that made his blowing off their plansnseem so strange. Should she follow David because he had been actingnso mysterious? After all maybe something was wrong. Against her betternjudgment she decided to follow him. He hadn't really left too longnago so she could still catch up to him without him seeing her.nRushing out to the street she climbed in and started up her car. \"Here goes nothing,\"nshe muttered to herself, pulling away from the curb. After a few minutes ofndriving she spotted David's truck among all the bustling SannFrancisco traffic. Keeping her distance she tailed David to a housensome two miles away. David pulled the truck into the driveway, parkednand went up to the door and rang the bell. An attractive young womanncame to the door. Seeing who it was she broke out into a wide smile.nDavid followed the woman back into the house. Elizabeth wasnconcerned now? Who was this woman and why was David here? Was Davidncheating on her and why so suddenly? All these question rushed atnElizabeth so suddenly it almost overwhelmed her. Maybe she was justnjumping to ridiculous conclusions. Pushing aside her doubts shendecided to wait and see what happened. Maybe she was just assumingnthe worst. With a shadow of a doubt still lingering in her mind shenbegan waiting. She had waited fornalmost twenty minutes until David finally left, the woman showing himnto the door. David turned around and hugged the woman kissing her onnthe cheek, before getting in his truck and pulling away. Elizabeth,nhaving watched the whole exchange, found all her doubts from beforenresurfacing with full force. Her eyes welled with tears as shenthought bout the fact that David was cheating on her. Why would Davidndo this to her? They loved each other didn't they? She pulled awaynfrom the curb and managed to drive herself home. When she got into hernapartment she sat down on the couch thinking about the many hours hernand David had spent there, talking, watching TV together, and justnenjoying each other's company. Elizabeth sat there for a while. Shenheard a door open and close. \"Lizzie I'm home!\"nDavid called. Her mind filled withnresolve. She decided to play it cool and pretend nothing had happenednand see if David would tell her the truth. \"Hey David. You'venbeen gone a while. Where were you?\" she asked hoping and prayingnthat he would tell her the truth and that he hadn't been cheating. \"Oh, nowhere really.nJust had some errands to run,\" he answered, going to the fridgengetting out a cola. \"Oh,\" she repliedndowncast not showing him how upset she really was. He had lied to hernand it confirmed all her worst fears. \"David, can you tellnme something honestly?\" she asked seriously looking away. \"Sure. What is it?\"nhe asked worried by her tone. \"David are youncheating on me?\" she looked up, tears shimmering in her eyes. David's eyes widenednin shock. \"Of course not! What gave you that idea?\" Tears began to fallnfrom her eyes. \"I followed you today because I was worried when youncancelled our plans and didn't really say why. I saw you at anwoman's house and you kissed her.\" David wrapped his armsnaround her tightly. \"I would never do that to you. I love you. Incan explain,\" he pulled away slightly, wiping away her tears gentlynwith his thumbs. \"Then what were younreally doing there?\" she asked still unsure. \"She's a privatenjewelry designer that I met back when I was still with Laura. She'snalso a very good friend of mine who I had do a very special job fornme,\" he replied smiling. \"And what might thatnbe?\" Elizabeth asked curious now. \"This…\" he said. David knelt down andnopened a small velvet box containing a diamond ring. Elizabeth'sneyes welled up yet again as she realized what it was and how shennever should've doubted David. David looked up at her a grin on hisnface. \"ElizabethnMasterson… will you marry me?\" he asked her grinning from ear tonear. Elizabeth sank down tonher knees in front of David hugging him tightly, crying. \"Yes,\" shenwhispered. \"I love you David. I'm sorry I ever doubted you.\" David smiled gentlyntaking her face between his hands, kissing her deeply. He pulled awaynand slid the ring onto her finger. \"It's about timenright?\" Elizabeth asked, her eyes twinkling. David laughed at thentruth of her remark. \"Yeah I guess it is This was definitely justnthe beginning. ","Summary":" This is SailornSerenity5. My writer's block has finally lifted! Here's my newnstory I hope you like"},{"Movie":"Just Like Heaven","Title":"Ending It Like They Started It","Author":"Christine Writer","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/3277203","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: I own nothing. As he rushed Elizabeth's body through the hospital on the gurney, his heart beat a million miles a minute. He was alone now, flying down the corridor. Jack had kindly taken out the guard, and was probably being arrested by now. David pushed with all of his power and might, pushing the gurney, pushing Elizabeth's physical half towards freedom and safety. ","Summary":" Disclaimer: I own nothing. As he rushed Elizabeth's body through the hospital on the gurney, his he"},{"Movie":"Bright","Title":"Bright Blood Moon","Author":"SuicideSquad612","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13019199","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The debriefing room of the Los Angeles Police Department, Precinct 1, was a large and fairly sparse room. Four long steel tables cluttered with chairs, a podium at the front facing the tables, and several white boards filled with open cases, suspect mugshots, and maps of LA's neighborhoods hung on the wall behind the podium was all that made up the space. Floor to ceiling windows lined the entire west side of the wall, filling the room with warm bright July sunlight. The debriefing room was K-9 Unit Ronan Trager's favorite room for that reason. Every morning he trudged through the Precinct with his head down, not making eye contact or speaking to any human as he made his way down the hall to debriefing. He was usually the first wolf to arrive, but this morning Riley and Landon were already seated at one of the tables, having a very animated conversation. When Ronan pushed through the door with his forehead, the two other wolves immediately stopped talking. They glanced at Ronan for a second, but did not bother to greet him. Ronan didn't even twitch an ear in their direction. He walked right past Riley and Landon and went to the same spot he sat in everyday. The last chair at the last table closest to the windows, the one spot that was bathed in the most sunlight. Ronan pulled out a chair and sat down with a heavy thud. Although he wanted to sit in the warmth of the direct summer sun, Ronan wore sunglasses over his eyes to nurse the colossal hangover he was trying to recover from. He sighed loudly and laid his massive head down on the cold steel table, sprawling his front legs out in either direction to deter anyone from sitting right next to him. Although it didn't really matter, all the other K-9 Unit wolves gave Ronan a wide berth. Precinct 1 of the Los Angeles Police Department was the first to receive werewolves as a replacement for the dwindling usefulness of the German Shepherd as a police dog. These werewolves were not the same creatures described in old human fairytales and folklore. They did not exist as humans and only shifted into monsters on the full moon, they were always wolves, and they were enormous creatures. Over the centuries they had learned to live in harmony with humans, and in turn live mostly like humans themselves. They could talk just like humans, they attended school, lived in houses and apartments, drove cars, and even lived monogamously, though they still had small pack families and an Alpha male and female. Most of the wolves were bipeds, walking upright on two legs they stood at over 10 feet tall, some even taller. Although many wolves didn't wear any clothing, the LAPD's wolves wore matching black bullet proof vests with white lettering that read 'LAPD K-9 UNIT' on the back. They also wore thick leather collars around their necks where their badges hung from. Including Ronan, there were seven K-9 Unit werewolves employed with the LAPD, and Ronan was easily the largest wolf on the force. He was the only quadruped in the group, he claimed that it felt unnatural to him to walk on two legs, although he could when he needed to, he just preferred not. Even down on all fours Ronan stood almost 7 feet tall at his shoulders, and he was built like a rhinoceros. Although there was no accurate way to get a weight on him, short of taking him to a semi truck weigh station off the Interstate, most of the veterinarians that gave the K-9's their yearly check-ups estimated that Ronan was easily 4,000 plus pounds. The other six wolves, Landon, Riley, Dexter, Quinn, Hunter and the only female wolf on the force, Layla, were all leaner and more agile looking than Ronan, which is one of the reasons Ronan assumed he hadn't had a human partner in over a year. He wasn't appealing to have as the dog protecting your six while out on patrol. Or maybe it was because of the accident he had last year with his previous partner. The accident that, no matter how many times it was reviewed and determined an accident, still earned Ronan the nickname of 'Cop Killer' and was also the main reason the other K-9 wolves didn't interact with him anymore. Ronan didn't care, he passed the point of caring months ago. Now he just focused on existing, getting through day after day functioning on some varying level of intoxication. Sergeant Hillman gave up trying to find him a new human partner months ago, she now just assigned him to the same task everyday, parking tickets and traffic violations in the LAX area. As the four other wolves slowly made their way into the debriefing room, Ronan gazed lazily through the huge windows, looking out into the vast wasteland of Los Angeles. If he cocked his head to the right just perfectly, his line of sight made it through the tall, crumbling skyscrapers and he could see the beauty of clear, green Elftown to the west. The overwhelming heat of midsummer made everything look so lush and healthy, especially because Elftown didn't have a water usage restriction. God he wished he could walk on thick green grass, but most of LA was in ruins, thanks to the Orc gangs, the ongoing drought issues, and extreme level of poverty throughout the city. Ronan's ears twitched towards the doors, he could hear the human officers coming to collect their K-9 partners. He grumbled to himself, the humans and their wolf partners were so buddy-buddy it was disgusting. Deep down, Ronan admitted to himself that he was jealous. He had had that kind of relationship with his previous partner. Officer John Thomas was one of the first seven people to receive a K-9 wolf partner on the force. When Ronan arrived at Precinct 1 with the six other Rookie wolves that were in his graduating class, they were all eager and excited to be partnered up with a human and start their civil servant careers. That was almost 10 years ago, and John was dead and buried for over a year now. Ronan laughed to himself, he was so naive back then. Thinking he could actually make a difference in this rotting decrepit city overrun with Orcs and self-entitled Elves. \"Alright mutts!\" Sergeant Michelle Hillman called attention to the group, Ronan hadn't even realized she had entered the room. She was a sharp and disciplined woman, nothing like her predecessor Sergeant Ching was. Ronan liked Ching, she was easier to approach than Hillman. He was sad to learn that Ching had died with Hicks, Pollard, and Brown in the whole 'magic wand incident' 6 months ago. Ching always treated Ronan fairly, Sergeant Hillman always had a look of disappointment on her face when she looked at him. \"That's enough!\" Hillman snapped. The other K-9 officers silenced their private conversations and gave Sergeant Hillman their full attention, Ronan didn't even bother to lift his head off the table. He was too busy watching the clouds and listening to the birds. The K-9 Unit human officers filed into the debriefing room, found their wolves, and sat down next to them. Sergeant Hillman addressed the room, \"okay listen for your assignments, get your shotguns and radios and deploy. Clear your damn calls quickly and respond to each other for back up. There has been lots of gang activity recently, Fogteeth and the 18th Street have been causing shit with each other. Wear your vests, even though its fucking hot as hell. Officer Samuels and Landon, Sun Valley. Officer Kent and Riley, Santa Monica. Davidson and Quinn, Hollywood.\" Ronan tuned her out and went back to daydreaming. He knew his assignment already. His head was pounding and he was trying hard to keep the room from spinning. In retrospect, he probably should have stopped at 2 bottles of tequila. \"Trager! Trager! RONAN!\" He jerked back into reality finally at the sound of his name being shouted. Ronan lifted his sunglasses onto his forehead and addressed his superior. \"Sergeant?\" He still didn't bother to lift his head off the table, or stand at attention for that matter, displaying his defiance for authority in front of the rest of the Unit. Hillman gave him a pointed look. \"I thought you'd like to meet your new partner.\" Now he did lift his head off the table and cocked it slightly, just like a confused dog. \"New partner?\" Hillman nodded slowly. The rest of the room was silent and staring at Ronan. \"Deploy!\" Hillman barked. The officers and wolves immediately moved in a flurry, gathering their paperwork and belongings. The room began to empty as humans and wolves filed out the door, discussing how they spent their weekends and what their assignments entailed for the day. When the last pair exited the debriefing room and only Ronan and Sergeant Hillman remained, she addressed him again. \"A senior Uni lost his partner to Vice last week, he seemed like a good fit for you.\" Hillman pulled the door open and in walked an officer Ronan had seen before. He was the one that had the Orc as a partner. Ronan tried to hide his look of disappointment and surprise, but it was clear both Hillman and this Officer saw his response. This was the last person he thought they would give him as a partner. Actually, the second to last. If they ever tried to pair him with the Orc, he would commit murder. \"Officer Daryl Ward, meet your new partner. K-9 Unit Ronan Trager.\" Ronan sighed deeply and pushed the chair away from the table with a loud scrape. He dropped down to his front paws and sauntered over to Ward. He was a good 2 feet taller than the man, and that made him happy. Ward took a hesitant step backward as Ronan approached, a little too close for comfort for the human apparently. Ronan loved intimidating everyone he encountered. Daryl Ward gave Ronan a once over, and then seemed to regain his composure, laughing with a cocky smirk. \"Big mother fucker ain't you?\" Ronan didn't respond, he just stood his ground glaring daggers at Ward. Hillman spoke up, trying to ease some of the tension between the two. \"Ward, he's the best dog on the force. You're lucky to have him. Ronan, behave yourself. Unless you want to write parking tickets for the rest of your life, Officer Ward here is your last chance to be back on full patrol.\" Ronan growled, \"fine.\" Ward squared his shoulders and made himself look as tall as possible. \"A'ight. This ain't my first rodeo with weird. Let's see if the mutt is any smarter than the Orc was.\" He turned on his heel and headed out the debriefing room door. Ronan paused before following out the door, he turned to Hillman with a snarl, \"if this guy turns out to be a jackass, I'm handing in my resignation.\" He pushed through the door and followed his new partner down the hall, less than enthusiastic about the situation he found himself stuck in. At that moment, he wished for nothing but a quiet routine day writing parking tickets at the airport. Ward looked over his shoulder to address his new partner, who was in no hurry to catch up with him. \"So you walk on all fours huh? Isn't that sort of weird for your kind?\" Ronan didn't make eye contact, he just kept walking, slow and leisurely. It was already starting to irritate Ward, he could tell. \"I walk the way nature intended us to walk, I can do the biped thing when I feel like it.\" \"So what do you prefer? Trager? Ronan?\" \"Ronan is fine.\" \"Alright, well you can call me Ward. Only my Momma and my wife get to call me Daryl.\" Ronan snorted obstinately, \"Sure thing.\" They stopped at the weapons dispensary to pick up their shotguns and radios, and then headed to the garage to find their car for the day. As they exited the building the heat of the second week of July hit them in the face like a brick wall. The forecast said the high for the day was expected to be 97 degrees, with the humidity reaching an unbreathable level. They found their car quickly, eager to get the air conditioning started. \"You gonna fit in this truck? No offense but you're kind of enormous.\" Ward tried to make the comment sound snarky, but he was honestly concerned that the wolf wouldn't fit in the SUV. Ronan snarled at Ward, \"yeah I'll fit.\" He flipped his sunglasses back over his eyes to shield them from the blinding sun and opened the passenger side door. Ronan reclined the seat as far back as it would go, and maneuvered himself in. It was a tight fit, and he had to sit kind of awkwardly, but there was no way he was going to ride in the backseat like some kind of pet dog. Ward watched him curiously for a moment, before jumping into the driver's seat. He started the engine with a roar, and Ronan immediately rolled the window completely down and rested his head on the sill, nose hanging out the open window. He had every intention of sleeping off the rest of his hangover. Ward shook his head and pulled out of the police headquarters. He cranked the air on full blast, it came out stinking and hot for a few minutes, before finally starting to cool down. Ward figured the wolf would get the hint once he felt the cold of the air conditioning and roll his window back up, but the car was old, and the air conditioning would need a few minutes to get working well. Ward turned east onto 1st street. \"I got a beat I patrol everyday.\" He spoke loudly, hoping to catch Ronan's attention. \"First we hit the Gardens, and then we do a lap around the Heights. I do it in a different pattern everyday. Keeps the neighborhoods on their toes.\" Ronan twitched his ears in the wind, but did not respond. They drove in silence for a long while, giving Ward a chance to finally give his partner a good once over. This wolf they gave him, this beast that he was supposed to trust his life with, was surprisingly kind of fat. At first Ward thought he was just fluffy, he had longer fur than the other wolves on the force, so Ward thought the extra hair just gave him a bulkier appearance. But now seeing Ronan up close, he was indeed overweight, probably from his year of doing nothing but cruising around and writing parking tickets day after day. He was the most brilliant obsidian black Ward had ever seen. So dark in fact that his coat almost shined in the sunlight. Not a single hair on the animal was faded or a lighter shade. Ward guessed that was a rarity in the werewolves, because Ronan was the first all black wolf he'd ever seen. The other wolves on the force were of varying colors. Riley was just your generic grey and white, that was the most common coat color it seemed. Quinn was a chocolate brown, Dexter was like a charcoal and white, Hunter was a rusty red and white, and then Landon and Layla, although they were not related in any way, were both pure white wolves. Ronan must have sensed Ward criticizing him. \"If you stare long enough I might do a trick for you.\" He mumbled. Ward rolled his eyes, \"Sorry. It's just that I've never really been up close and personal with a werewolf before.\" Ronan lifted his head and peered at Ward over the rim of his sunglasses, \"you scared?\" Ward scoffed, \"I'm not scared of no damn dog. Just a little uneasy that I have four thousand pounds of teeth and claws riding shotgun with me.\" Ronan shifted in his seat and laid his head back down on the open window. \"Well trust me. I'm no more excited about this situation than you are.\" Ward cocked a confused eyebrow at him, \"aren't you hot? I've got the a/c going.\" \"I like the fresh air.\" Ronan stated flatly. Ward shook his head in silent amusement. \"Alright well first thing I do is stop for a burrito at Alonzo's, you want anything?\" \"Nnhf\" Ronan huffed. Ward didn't bother asking if that was a yes or a no. Seeing the size of this wolf, Ward assumed that Ronan would never say no to food. He pulled right into a empty street spot in front of Alonzo's and jumped out of the SUV. \"Goddamn it's hot!\" Ward said to no one in particular. He wiped sweat off his forehead. \"I'll be back in 5.\" He called to Ronan. The wolf didn't respond, he figured he had fallen asleep. Ward entered the small Mexican take-out restaurant just as a huge Orc dressed in all black was walking out. They rubbed elbows for a moment, but Ward didn't even give him a second thought. Just as Ward walked up to the empty counter to begin his order, an explosion of barking and snarling erupted from outside. He turned back towards the door just in time to see his brand new 4,000 pound werewolf partner scrambling out of the open door of the SUV and barrel down the sidewalk at a full gallop after the Orc that had just left Alonzo's. Ronan's sunglasses layed dropped and forgotten in the middle of the sidewalk. \"What in the holy mother of hell!?\" Ward shouted as he pushed through the restaurant door. \"Trager what the fuck are you doing!?\" He screamed after the dog, but Ronan was too far down the street already. Ward jumped back into the car, flipped on the pursuit lights and sirens and slammed on the gas, chasing his new wolf partner and whatever Orc he was chasing down the street. The reason why he was involved in this pursuit was still a mystery to him. Ward got on the car's radio and called dispatch. \"Unit 3 Adam 9, K-9 in foot pursuit of Orc southbound on Palm Valley Blvd.\" Dispatch responded, informing they were sending back up. Ward switched channels on the radio, hoping that Ronan would enlighten him as to why they were chasing this Orc. \"Trager copy!\" He shouted into the mouthpiece of the car's radio. No response, Ward tried again. \"Ronan! What the hell are you chasing that Orc for!?\" Still nothing. Ward finally caught up as close as he could to Ronan and the Orc, but traffic was too heavy to cut in front of them and stop the pursuit. Ward could do nothing but follow as close as possible, weaving in and out of traffic and informing dispatch of Ronan's and the Orc's movements. Ward had to admit, the wolf was an impressive creature. The Orc he was chasing was fast, but considering Ronan's size, he was keeping up rather well, especially in this extreme heat. They were nearing 3 miles of all out sprinting and Ronan was not letting up, he had to be close to crapping out. As jet black as he was, absorbing all the hot sunlight into his fur, on top of wearing the heavy bulletproof vest with all his gear attached to it. Ward couldn't see Ronan lasting much longer at this pace. The Orc made a sharp right down an alley and Ronan didn't miss a beat. \"Shit!\" Ward made a screeching turn down the next side street to keep up. \"Unit 3 Adam 9, K-9 foot pursuit turned east down Palmetto Street alley.\" Dispatch responded with a, \"copy, back up enroute.\" Ward chucked the radio mouthpiece into the truck's console, \"well where the fuck are they!?\" He cursed at no one. They were nearing 6 miles of chasing. There was no way that Ronan could keep this pace up much longer in this heat. Ward could catch short glimpses of Ronan still on the Orc's heels through the backyards and fences that separated the road he was on from the alley. Finally, just ahead, Ward spotted an exit driveway for the alley. He slammed on the gas and turned into it just enough to stay hidden behind the last garage in the alley. He scrambled for the mouthpiece and switched the channel back to Ronan's private radio. \"Okay Ronan listen to me. Just before the Orc comes up to this last garage give a good loud howl and I'll cut him off.\" Ward didn't expect a response. He threw the radio onto the passenger seat and gripped the steering wheel with both hands, foot ready to slam on the gas the moment he heard Ronan's howl. Sweat poured down his face and neck, Ward was thoroughly concerned that Ronan was going to die of a heart attack if he kept running at this pace. A wave of panic surged through Ward at the thought that maybe Ronan didn't hear his instructions. But a split second later a thunderous howl echoed through the air and Ward slammed on the gas pedal, launching the SUV forward into the middle of the alley. His plan worked perfectly, the Orc and the truck collided and the suspect went flying over the hood of the SUV. Ronan followed still, leaping over the car hood and tackling the Orc, who was already trying to stand and continue to run. Four thousand pounds of solid killer werewolf landed dead center on the Orc's back. Ronan flattened his suspect into the ground, and was still for a long moment before attempting to move. Ward threw the car into park and jumped out as fast as he could. He already had his handcuffs off his belt, ready to take their running Orc into custody. With an incredible amount of effort, Ronan managed to roll off the Orc and land in the dead grass of the front yard they had ended their pursuit in. He was dry heaving and gasping for air so hard it sounded like he was suffocating. Ward cuffed the Orc rather harshly and gave him a good kick in the back. \"I can have my gun out in 3 seconds, don't even think about moving.\" He went to Ronan, who was laying practically unconscious and breathing very erratically. Ward was seriously concerned that Ronan was at risk of dying from heat stroke. The car's thermostat read 96 degrees when Ward jumped out of the truck, and this enormous wolf who hadn't been on any beat patrol for over a year just ran nearly 7 miles at a dead gallop. By sheer luck, the house that they were currently occupying the front yard of had a garden hose coiled up next to the long dead flower beds. Ward ran for it and turned the spigot on full blast. \"Fuck the water restrictions\" he growled. He clenched the hose off and ran back to Ronan. Ward opened the hose, letting the water hit right on top of Ronan's head, drenching him in cold crisp hydration. \"Hey! Hey! Ronan c'mon man. Wake up!\" He slapped the wolf's neck a few times in an attempt to bring the animal around. Ronan sputtered and gasped for air, but did not fully regain consciousness. Ward sighed with worry. \"C'mon big man, let's get this vest off.\" Ward started unsnapping Ronan's heavy bullet proof vest and pulling apart velcro when the Orc started to wiggle and roll around a few feet away. \"Hey!\" Ward all but scream shouted. \"What the fuck did I tell you about moving!?\" He pulled Ronan's cuffs off his vest and secured them around the Orc's ankles. \"Try and move now you mother fucker.\" Ward turned his attention back to his new partner who was in extremely dire condition. Somehow he managed to maneuver the vest completely off of Ronan's enormous body and tossed it aside. He moved the hose from the wolf's head and neck down to his shoulders and back, saturating his thick black fur with cold water as much as he could. Ronan's breathing slowed a little, but he was still delirious and unresponsive. \"We gotta get you out of the sun big man.\" Ward slapped the wolf's head hard a few times. \"C'mon Ronan, wake up.\" Still nothing. Finally, as if an eternity passed by, their back up casually rolled up in front of the yard they were currently occupying. \"Call an ambulance and get a veterinarian out here!\" Ward screamed to the first uniformed officer he saw. He didn't even comprehend who he was yelling at, he was too focused on keeping Ronan drenched with water. He sensed movement next to him and turned to see Landon, the white wolf, down on all fours next to Ronan's head. \"What happened?\" Landon muttered quietly. Ward turned his attention back to Ronan. \"He chased that Orc for damn near 7 miles in this heat. I think he's having a stroke.\" Ward moved from slapping Ronan's neck and head to full on hitting him. \"Ronan!\" He shouted at the wolf. \"Wake up man!\" Ronan's eyes fluttered open for a moment and he groaned loudly. \"We have to get him out of this sun,\" he spoke at Landon without turning towards him. \"I can soak him in all the water in the world, but this sun is killing him with how black he is.\" Landon stood up and gave a sharp whistle. \"Riley, Dexter, get over here!\" The two other wolves trotted over to Landon. Ward looked up to see 4 more squad cars pull up to their position. He quickly scanned their immediate area for anywhere shady they could move Ronan to. \"There.\" Ward pointed towards a window awning about 8 feet from where Ronan was laying now that gave just enough shade to get the critically ill wolf out of the direct sunlight. Landon, Riley, and Dexter grabbed Ronan's collar and the scruff of his shoulders. \"One-two-three!\" Landon counted off, and the 3 wolves heaved and dragged Ronan's dead weight body the 8 short feet into the tiny shaded spot. Ward never stopped drenching him with water from the hose. These people were going to get an outrageous fine for inappropriate water usage. He'd deal with that later, Ward said to himself. Ronan's life was more important right now. The familiar 'whoop whoop' of the ambulance finally arrived and Ward managed to breathe a small sigh of relief. \"The vet is here!\" Landon yelled to Ward. A young woman in blue scrubs carrying a large duffel bag and a oxygen tank scurried over to where Ronan laid, still mostly unresponsive. \"That's good Officer, keep soaking him\" the vet encouraged Ward. She pulled an oxygen mask out of her bag, hooked it up to the tank and strapped the mask over Ronan's mouth and nose. Next she clipped a pulse oximeter to one of Ronan's toes. She clicked her tongue when the little screen gave her a read out. \"84, that's really low.\" She cranked the oxygen tank up to full blast. She pulled a thermometer out of her front scrub pocket and dipped it in a small tube of lubricant. \"Considering he is practically completely unconscious right now and this is the fastest way to get a body temperature, I don't think he'll mind.\" She moved towards Ronan's back end and lifted his tail. The wolf didn't even flinch when the vet inserted the thermometer into his rectum. That made Ward worry even more. If a stick up his butt didn't get a reaction out of the beast, what would? \"Keep drenching his body,\" the vet coached. \"Especially around his heart and lungs.\" The thermometer beeped and the vet extracted it from his rear end. \"109.3, that's very bad. The hose isn't cooling him off fast enough, he needs an IV right now. Wilson, O'Malley get over here!\" The vet shouted for the two human paramedics to come assist her. \"You can stop with the hose now Officer, I'm going to put double IV's in him.\" Ward reached over to the spigot that was now only a foot away and cut off the water. He tossed the hose aside to give the vet and medics more room to work. \"Is — is he gonna die?\" Ward could barely choke out the word. The vet turned to him, she looked concerned. \"Honestly, I don't know. He's in pretty critical condition. He could have permanent brain damage if we don't get his body temperature down soon.\" Ward turned away from Ronan's limp body as the paramedics and vet worked on inserting IV's into both of his front legs. \"Hey,\" the vet called back to Ward. He turned to face her, clearly she was aggravated at him. \"What the hell were you thinking anyway? Running this animal like that in this heat? Especially with how heavy and out of shape he is!?\" Ward practically saw red. \"I didn't do this. He took off by himself.\" His voice was low and menacing. \"After who?\" Landon spoke up. \"This Orc?\" Ward had been so panicked about Ronan that he had completely forgotten about the Orc the wolf had chased down for 7 miles. His eyes scanned the spot he last left the Orc. He found the pig skinned trash now upright, seated on the curb next to a squad car, his ankles and wrists were still cuffed. Ward charged toward the Orc and kicked him hard square in the back. The Orc fell forward off the curb. \"You piece of shit mother fucker! If you're the reason my dog dies I'll kill you myself!\" The Orc did nothing but laugh. \"Get an ID off this asshole. He got a wallet?\" It was Sergeant Hillman who spoke. Ward was surprised to see her. \"Sergeant, I didn't know you were here.\" She smiled stiffly at Ward, \"well when you hear about a 7 mile foot pursuit and no reason given for it, that's something you gotta check out. Grab his wallet Landon.\" She called to the white wolf. Landon pulled the Orc back up onto the curb and fished his wallet out of the pocket of his pants. He opened the folded leather and read the name on the ID out loud. \"Julio King.\" Landon paused and cocked his head. \"Julio King\" he said again, \"why does that name sound so familiar?\" It was Sergeant Hillman that answered, \"because Julio King is the biggest Orc crime boss in all of LA. Drugs, guns, pussy, you name it, Julio King controls it. We've been after this asshole for over 5 years, and he always manages to slip away.\" Hillman shook her head in amazement. \"Julio fucking King. Not so elusive now, are you douchebag?\" Hillman sighed long and loud, she spoke again, this time with utter shock in her voice. \"First day back on patrol and the fat ass catches Julio King.\" She laughed shortly. \"He did that to spite me.\" She turned to face Ronan, who was still laying in the same spot, unmoving, while the vet and paramedics continued to work on him. \"You better not die Trager\" she said softly, almost pleading with Ronan to fight. She sniffed hard like she was fighting back tears and turned back to the Orc and Landon. \"Confirm his identity with prints and DNA, and if this is really Julio King, you and your brand new mutt just won the Commendation of the Year award.\" Hillman paused again and sighed, \"that is, if he lives.\" Ward's heart sank. The Sergeant really thought Ronan wasn't going to live. He turned to walk back to his new partner, who in the first hour of their first shift together had already proven himself 10 times over as an exemplary K-9. Ward listened vaguely as Hillman barked orders at the other Officers and wolves to 'get this place cleared out' and 'get that pigface back to the station and processed'. Ward knew he should be the one to process King, but he couldn't bare to leave Ronan's side. He knelt in the soaked dead grass next to Ronan's head and watched his breathing, it was shallow and rapid. He didn't listen to the vet and paramedic's medical banter back and forth, he didn't want to know if Ronan was slipping away. As Ward watched his new companion struggle for air, he couldn't stop himself from reaching out and petting the wolf's massive head. If Ronan was conscious and he tried to do this, he probably would have gotten his hand bitten off. But with his prognosis so unsure, at that moment, petting Ronan's head felt like the right thing to do. \"Please live, big man. Please live\" was all Ward could say.[Chapter 2] An annoying beeping from somewhere over his head was finally successful at pulling Ronan back into consciousness. It took a surprising amount of effort to pry his eyes open, but he managed finally. He moved his eyes around slowly to take in his surroundings. Plain white walls, machines and tubes everywhere, Ronan determined he was in a hospital room of some sort. He groaned and shifted around in the tiny bed he was shoved in. The bed creaked and complained under his weight, Ronan decided it was best to stay still. His movement made the other occupant in the room stir. Ronan hadn't even noticed Ward sleeping in the uncomfortable visitor's chair a few feet from his bed. He had a light blanket thrown over him, and his neck was bent at a very uncomfortable angle. Ward looked disheveled, his face covered in stubble, bags under his eyes, and his uniform shirt unbuttoned and wrinkled. Ronan wondered why Ward looked so haggard, but his brain was very foggy and slow moving. Honestly, Ronan couldn't even remember a reason why he would be in the hospital, hooked up to IV's and 5 different monitors. He opened his mouth and licked his lips, his throat was dry and his mouth was sticky. He wanted to talk, but he wasn't sure if he could accomplish such a task. \"War —\" he choked on the dryness in his throat, coughing hard. That was enough to wake Ward from his slumber. \"Oh my God.\" Ward jumped up from his chair, his blanket fell to the ground in a heap. \"Holy shit, you're awake!\" He hit the Nurse call button on the wall and went to Ronan's bedside. \"Can you talk? Can you think? Or are you a turnip?\" Ronan cleared his throat loudly, \"water.\" He said to Ward, barely above a whisper. Ward jumped like he had just heard the word of God. \"You can talk! You're not a vegetable!\" Ronan swallowed painfully and attempted to lift his head off the bed. \"Wat —\" \"Yes, water!\" Ward cut him off. He disappeared into the small bathroom for a moment, and came back with a bowl full of cold water. Ward held the bowl up to the bed as Ronan struggled to keep his head upright while he lapped up the blissfully magnificent liquid. He emptied the bowl and let his head collapse back down onto the pillow. He sighed deeply, now feeling slightly better, but still very slow and foggy, almost like he was drunk. Did he give himself alcohol poisoning? Is that why he was here? A cute blonde nurse entered the room, \"Did you need something, Officer?\" Ward pointed down at Ronan in the bed. \"He's awake and talking. Can you get the doctor?\" She nodded at Ward and scurried out of the room quickly. Ward grabbed his chair and pulled it right up to the bed next to Ronan's head. \"Jesus Christ man, you gave us all one hell of a scare.\" Ronan swallowed hard again, he was having difficulty forming thoughts and words. \"I don't know — remember. Why am I here?\" Ward rubbed his hands together anxiously. He rested his elbows on his knees and sighed, looking at Ronan with deep concern etched across his face. \"Do you not remember anything man?\" Ronan shook his head slowly, it was beginning to become difficult to keep his eyes open. Ward exhaled loudly, \"you had a massive heat stroke, Ronan. You've been in a coma for 3 days.\" Ronan stared at Ward blankly, he tried hard to remember what happened, racking his brain for any clue that would jog his memory. Nothing. \"Oh.\" Was all he managed to come up with as a response. Ward shook his head in disbelief. \"You don't remember any of it? The 7 mile chase in 100 degree heat? Julio King?\" The name hit Ronan's brain like a freight train. \"Juilo King.\" He repeated back to Ward. Like a furious flash of lightning, Ronan's mind was flooded with the memory of the day. \"Julio fucking King.\" He said again. \"Last thing I remember is jumping over the car and tackling him to the ground.\" He looked at Ward frantically, \"did you get him? Was it really Julio King?\" Ward smiled, thankful that the wolf's mental faculties were returning. \"Yeah you got him, and it was Julio King.\" Ronan breathed a long sigh of relief. \"How did you know? One minute you were dead to the world hungover in the rig, the next you're chasing down Julio King at a dead gallop for 7 miles.\" Ward's voice sounded amazed. Ronan shifted around in the ridiculously tiny bed again, he was getting uncomfortable. It groaned, threatening to collapse on him. \"I've had his scent before. Pursued him a couple times with my previous partner, but he always managed to disappear.\" Ward nodded, \"John Thomas. He was a good guy. Good cop.\" Ronan snorted, \"so I guess you know what they call me then? What my nickname around the Precinct is?\" Ward rubbed the palms of his hands over his tired face. \"Yeah, I've heard whispers of what they call you.\" \"Cop Killer.\" Ronan uttered flatly. \"You can say it. It's true after all. I am responsible for John Thomas's death.\" Ward shifted in his chair, \"Ronan you can't believe that. I read the final report. What happened to John Thomas was an accident, plain and simple. You had no control over what happened.\" Ronan shook his head sadly, \"it doesn't matter. A human died on my watch, I am responsible.\" Ward intended to continue pressing Ronan about what happened to his former partner, but a knock at the door stopped him. \"Hello in there.\" The Neurologist, Dr. Burke entered Ronan's room. \"I hear our patient is awake and talking.\" Ronan lifted his head to get a look at the Doctor. \"Yup, I'm not a turnip.\" Dr. Burke laughed softly. \"I can see that. Ronan I am Dr. Preston Burke, I've been your Neurologist while you've been napping on us for the past 3 days.\" Ronan snorted, \"Yeah sorry about that. Apparently I kicked my own ass pretty good.\" Dr. Burke smiled at him, \"well we're just happy you are awake and seemingly functional now. We have to do some Neurological tests on you, and make sure all your organ function is where it should be, and then hopefully we can get you out of here in a few days.\" \"Days!?\" Ronan yelped. \"Doc, c'mon. I'm awake, I'm talking. Unhook me from all the robots and I'll even get up and walk for you! Let me get out of here by tomorrow at least!\" Dr. Burke shook his head. \"I'm sorry Ronan, you suffered a catastrophic brain injury. You are not leaving this hospital until you pass every test I run on you.\" Burke's voice was stern and authoritative, it left little room for argument. Ronan dropped his head back down on the bed, defeated. \"Fine,\" he grumbled. \"But if I'm staying here for a few more days, we gotta do something about this bed. I feel like I'm shoved in a shoe box.\" \"We can fix that.\" Burke replied. \"I'll have a nurse come to take you for an MRI, and then we can work on getting you unhooked from some of this stuff.\" He gestured to all the tubes and machines cluttered around Ronan's bed. Ronan sighed deeply. \"Thanks Doc.\" Dr. Burke turned to Ward, \"any questions Officer?\" Ward shook his head, \"I'm just glad he's awake and talking.\" Burke nodded in agreement, \"a nurse will be in for him shortly.\" And with that, Dr. Burke exited the room. There was a long pause of silence before Ward dared to tread on another sensitive subject. \"There is no emergency contact in your personal file.\" Ronan did not meet Ward's eyes. \"That's because I have no one to contact in case of an emergency. Mom's in a nursing home, she can barely remember her own name most days, let alone recognize her only son. She's my only living relative.\" Ward frowned at Ronan's answer. \"What about a member of your pack?\" Ronan bark laughed, \"what pack? Remember that whole 'Cop Killer' thing we were just talking about? You take a human's life, you are permanently banished from any pack.\" His confession left Ward speechless. Ward decided not to press the John Thomas issue again for now, Ronan looked exhausted and irritated. Ronan finally met Ward's eyes after he didn't respond. \"Have you been here the whole 3 days I was out?\" Ward smiled at the wolf, \"Mostly. I went home a couple times and Sergeant Hillman came and sat with you. Landon stopped by a couple times too.\" Ronan growled, \"what the hell did Landon want?\" Ward sat up straight in his chair, surprised at Ronan's response. \"He just wanted to see how you were doing. Him and Samuels were our first back up to arrive on the scene. He sat next to you while we waited for the ambulance while you were stroking out.\" Ronan fidgeted in the bed and snarled. \"Asshole, he was probably just trying to clear his own conscience. Let himself off the hook guilt free.\" Ward shook his head, confused. \"What the hell does that mean, Ronan?\" The wolf blew out a long frustrated breath. \"Just more shit from the past Ward, don't worry about it. You should go home, get some real sleep. You look like shit.\" As if on cue, four nurses came into the room. \"We're here to take you for your MRI now, Ronan.\" The cute blonde from earlier announced. The other nurses began gathering up his IV's and heart monitor leads. They unlocked the bed and started to roll him towards the door. \"Seriously Ward,\" Ronan shouted back to his new partner, \"go home, and don't come back until you've had a solid 12 hours of sleep.\" As Ronan was pushed out of his hospital room, Ward stood there, confused and unnerved by the conversation they just had. He sighed with frustration, collected his phone and wallet off the small bedside table, left Ronan's room and headed towards the parking garage of the Ronald Reagan UCLA Medical Center. / Ronan woke the next morning much easier. His brain was considerably less foggy and slow. The nurses had made him a makeshift bed on the floor, taking two mattresses off of hospital beds and setting them side by side. Ronan glanced around the room and found the visitors chair in the corner of the room, empty. He figured Ward wouldn't be back. They hadn't even been partners for a full day, he had no obligation to stand vigil by his side in the hospital. A soft clicking near his head caught his attention. Ronan looked up to find Ward sitting on the ground next to him, playing on his phone. With his back against the wall, legs stretched out and crossed at his ankles, Ward was clean shaven, in fresh clothes, and looking considerably rested. Ronan smiled to himself. Ward was a strange human, acting so loyal to a him when they barely knew each other. Ronan watched him for a moment, Ward hadn't noticed he was awake yet. \"I heard a crazy rumor about you being a Bright.\" Ward sighed and set his phone down in his lap. \"Well that's the thing about rumors, most of them are crazy.\" Ronan cocked a doubtful eyebrow at him, \"so you did not touch a wand and kill an Inferni Elf, and live to tell the tale?\" Ward stared at the wolf, stunned. Ronan shrugged his shoulders, \"your Orc's got a big mouth.\" Ward was silent for a long moment, he rubbed his hands over his head anxiously. \"What happened that day is completely confidential Ronan, I can't speak a word about it. Homeland Security gag ordered us.\" Ronan snorted out a laugh \"sure working on the Orc who has the nerve to call himself a Cop.\" \"You listen to me, you fat ass mutt. Nick Jakoby is one hell of a Cop.\" Ward's spine stiffened and he pointed at Ronan fiercely. \"You have no idea what happened that day and what we went through.\" Ronan smirked at him. \"I'm sensing this is a sensitive subject for you.\" Ward huffed, \"yeah, just like John Thomas is for you.\" Now it was Ronan's turn to get defensive. \"You know nothing about John Thomas\" he growled. A heavy knock on the hospital room door interrupted their tense argument. Ronan lifted his head towards the door and in barged none other than the pigface Cop himself. \"Hey guys,\" Nick addressed Ward and Ronan. \"I thought you might appreciate some real food and coffee, rather than that hospital crap.\" He was carrying a cup holder filled with coffees and a few brown paper bags filled with McDonald's. Ronan growled lowly, he turned his head away from Ward and Nick. \"Shit man, thanks\" Ward lifted himself off the ground. \"The coffee is horrible here.\" \"Ronan,\" Nick called to the wolf, but he refused to turn and face him. \"Breakfast burrito? Sausage McMuffin?\" Ronan was still and silent, trying desperately to keep control over his temper. \"Hey Trager, Nick brought food. I thought you'd enjoy that.\" Ward called to the wolf through a mouthful of burrito. Ronan's shoulders tensed and he slowly and painfully lifted his exhausted body off the mattresses. His snarl filled the room, it was loud and menacing. With IV's in both front legs, heart rate probes stuck to his chest, and a pulse reader attached to a toe, Ronan stood his full 7 feet tall and glared down at Nick Jakoby with a fire of hatred in his eyes. \"What I would appreciate, Ward\" Ronan was spitting venom, \"is for the pig skin grunt to get. out. of my room.\" Ward and Nick stared at the wolf in shock. \"Ronan\" Ward whispered. \"What's your problem man?\" \"My problem is that thing in my room. You can go too Ward, seeing as he's your bff.\" The monitor started beeping erratically, Ronan's heart rate and blood pressure were steadily climbing through the roof. \"He killed her, and him. He killed both of them, it's his fault.\" \"Ronan what are talking abou—\" \"Daryl,\" Nick muttered softly. \"I don't think he's all there. I think he's hallucinating.\" Ward slowly inched towards the nurse call button on the wall. Ronan turned on him, teeth bared and snarling like a wild animal. He managed to hit the button with the tip of his finger before the wolf roared at him like a grizzly bear. The windows rattled and a glass of water fell off the bedside table with a clatter. Nick and Ward both jumped back a few feet, now very aware that they were stuck in a very small room with a very large hallucinating werewolf. The vitals monitor was now screaming with urgency. Ronan's heart rate leaped higher and higher. Hospital security must have heard the ferocity of the roar, because they came barreling into the room a moment later, tranquilizer guns out and ready. Ronan turned on security and lunged forward. The guards put 4 darts into his chest before Ronan finally collapsed, the monitors continued to screech and squeal with alarm. Ronan heard muffled commotion in the room as it spun around him. He held onto consciousness as hard as he could. The last thing Ronan saw was the cute blonde nurse, Katie was her name he had learned, sticking a syringe into his IV and pumping more medicine into his veins. Then his world went black. / \"He had a massive hallucinogenic episode.\" Dr. Burke spoke softly to Ward and Nick as they stood just outside of Ronan's room. Ward bark laughed, \"yeah, I'll fucking say he did. The question is why?\" Dr. Burke inhaled deeply. \"Because of the heat stroke, Ronan's brain is chemically imbalanced. We've been trying to correct it with the IV's and medication, but it takes time. It has to be done slowly and carefully so we don't go from one extreme to another.\" \"What does that mean?\" Nick questioned curiously. \"It means that right now Ronan's brain is depleted from the stroke. He is lacking all the chemicals he needs to function properly. If we medicate him too quickly, we could end up overdosing his brain, and that would kill him.\" Ward nodded slowly, taking in the Doctor's explanation. \"So his reaction to Nick triggered the hallucination?\" \"Most likely,\" Burke answered. \"Has Ronan had any traumatic experiences with Orcs?\" Ward snorted back a laugh. \"Yeah, a few.\" Burke smiled. \"So Ronan had an extremely low sodium level this morning. Sodium is one of the main things that controls our brain function. It is likely that seeing Nick triggered the memory part of his brain, and because he is so chemically imbalanced, the only memories that came up were negative ones, which is what caused the hallucination.\" \"So how is he now?\" Nick asked. \"He's sedated right now, and we are slowly working on bringing up his sodium level. Hopefully in the next 24 hours that will be stable and no more hallucinations.\" Ward and Nick went quiet, absorbing the information they were just given. \"Any other questions gentlemen?\" Burke offered. They both shook their heads. \"Well, I think it's best to just leave him for the rest of the day. He'll be sedated all day, and he's in restraints now too. Though with him, I don't think they'll do much.\" Ward snort laughed again, \"yeah, you're definitely right about that.\" Burke chuckled as well, \"go home Officers. Come back tomorrow. He'll be better in the morning.\"[Chapter 3] Enjoying the story so far? Please leave me some feedback so I know how I'm doing! I've got a pretty deep storyline going for this, along with a mini prequel of Ronan's beginnings and his first years with Officer John Thomas...just let me know what you think! Should I keep going? Thanks! / Ten days after his week long stint in the hospital, Ronan entered Precinct 1 of the LAPD yet again. 'Mandatory personal leave' they called it. The truth was nobody trusted him to come back to work just yet. Word spread of his mental breakdowns in the hospital around the Precinct like wildfire. God damn Nick Jakoby and his big mouth. He had had four more episodes of hallucinations after the first initial one where he almost killed Ward and Nick. He didn't remember much of them. Lots of violence and darts shot into his chest. He broke out of at least a dozen sets of restraints. In his lucid moments Ward told him he had nearly bitten the cute nurse Katie's arm off. He felt horrible and wanted to apologize to her, but he never saw her again. Dr. Burke struggled to get his sodium levels stable, he blamed it on Ronan's weight. It took days to get his hallucinations under control. After he was finally released from the hospital, Officer Samuels and Landon, and Officer Nicholson and Dexter drove him home. Ward was nowhere to be found that day. Internal Affairs met him at the front of Ronan's apartment building and informed him of the mandatory leave. Per Dr. Burke's orders, he was supposed to follow a very strict diet and hydration schedule, which he did mostly, just supplemented with tequila and tons of take out. So Ronan sat on his ass watching horrible daytime TV for ten agonizing days. Truthfully, he needed the recovery time, and now that he was back at work he would probably have benefitted from a little reconditioning and a work-out routine. But no one offered or asked if he needed any help, and he certainly wasn't going to admit to any weakness. He walked down the hall to debriefing with a little limp in his step. Besides the heat stroke, he had ripped up his paws pretty good from running on concrete for 7 solid miles. Ronan heard the whispering behind his back, he ignored it, including the stares. He came to the debriefing room and pushed the door open with his head, like he had a thousand times before. But for the first time ever, he entered the room and it was not deserted like usual. The Precinct's debriefing room was stuffed with uniformed officers from every department, along with wolves and superiors. They all stood when Ronan entered the room and began applauding, cheering, and shouting congratulations to the wolf. Several officers slapped him on the back. Quinn and Hunter both congratulated him, the first words they had spoken to Ronan in over a year. \"What in the hell is going on?\" Ronan muttered to himself quietly. No one could have heard him over all the cheering. Sergeant Hillman seemed to recognize his confusion and answered his question. \"Alright! Alright!\" She shouted over the room. \"Hail the conquering hero, Ronan Trager! Who single handedly took down the most ruthless crime boss in LA, Julio King!\" The room erupted with more applause and cheering. Ronan could do nothing but stare at the room full of people congratulating him with what was probably the stupidest shocked expression on his face. Days ago more than half of the people and wolves in this room hadn't spoken a word to him in over a year, and the other half called him 'Cop Killer' behind his back. Now they stood here calling him hero, he was a little overwhelmed honestly. Hillman slammed her hands on the podium to regain the room's attention. \"Okay, that's enough! Get back to work! Anyone who is not part of the K-9 Unit clear out!\" The applauding died down and the chatter lessened as the debriefing room emptied slowly. Wolves and their human partners took their seats while Hillman spoke with the other superiors for a few moments. Nick was one of the last to file out of the debriefing room. He stopped in front of Ronan and offered him a quick smile. \"I'm glad you're finally feeling better Ronan. I hope you don't want to kill me anymore.\" Ronan struggled to maintain eye contact with Nick. Cop or not, wolves despised Orcs. \"Yeah thanks Nick,\" he snorted uncomfortably. \"And not today anyway, but you never know, it's early still.\" Nick laughed at the threat, thinking it was a joke. What a dumbass, Ronan couldn't help but growl under his breath. There was an awkward moment of silence between them before Nick finally spoke again. \"Well, you take care of Ward. He's a good cop, and my best friend.\" He nodded to Ronan, and then again to someone behind him. Ronan turned to discover Ward sitting in his favorite spot, the last chair at the last table. The wolf's eyes brighten up a little, he was thoroughly surprised to see Ward sitting there waiting for him. He limped over to his new partner and pulled out the chair next to him. \"I never thought I'd see you again.\" Ronan declared. Ward smiled at him. \"Nah, after that stunt you pulled, you're stuck with me now big man.\" He scrutinized Ronan with furrowed brows. \"What's a matter? You hurtin'?\" Ronan groaned a little as he took a seat next to Ward. \"Paws are still a little sore from all the running. My fat ass ripped them up good.\" He looked down at the pads of his front paws, they were still red and tender from road rash. Ward chuckled and slapped his new partner on the back. \"We'll get you back in shape, the right way. No more 7 mile foot pursuits for you for a while.\" Ronan snorted out a laugh, \"I don't think I could do that again if I tried. Tequila and blind stupidity fueled that chase.\" Ward laughed out loud at that. \"Well regardless, me and you,\" he pointed back and forth between the both of them, \"we need a few ground rules.\" Ronan cocked his head. \"Rule number one,\" Ward held up a single finger. \"Use your goddamn radio, and answer me when I call you!\" Ronan smiled and nodded, \"okay, agreed. Rule number two?\" Ward's face went serious. \"Ease up on the drinking. No more working your shift drunk or hungover. The Orc already got me shot once, I don't need to get shot again because my new partner is too inebriated to comprehend his surroundings. I've got a little girl waiting for me to come home every night, and I'd like to not disappoint her.\" \"I've never done a shift that drunk.\" Ronan scoffed. \"I didn't know you had a daughter, how old is she?\" \"She just turned eight. Love of my life that girl.\" Ronan smiled, \"I like kids, but they are always terrified of me. Won't come near me.\" \"Well my daughter would probably rub your belly all day and treat you like her own pet dog. She's been obsessed with werewolves since she was like four. She's already been begging me to meet you, she thinks it's amazing that I have a wolf for a partner.\" Ward chuckled at the memory of his daughter jumping up and down with joy when he told her he was partnered with a wolf. \"I'd like to meet her, if that's okay with you?\" Ward looked at him, slightly confused. \"I thought that shit was insulting to your kind? Having a human treat you like a common pet dog? Hell your civil rights movement was almost bigger than the Orcs.\" Ronan shrugged his shoulders. \"Some wolves care, most don't. It doesn't bother me at all, Landon either. And I don't think Riley minds very much either. But Layla? Shit, don't even call her a wolf, she'll jump down your throat so fast! She is a 'living being with human intelligence that deserves the same rights and respect'. She's nuts.\" He chuckled. \"I myself do not mind a belly rub and some fetch with a kid. I guess I'm just more animal than human.\" Ward hesitated, \"how about we make sure your hallucinations are completely past you first?\" Ronan nodded, \"fair enough.\" There was a long pause between the two of them before Ronan cocked an eyebrow at Ward, \"Jakoby got you shot?\" Ward snorted, \"yeah, he was so worried about what kind of sauce I wanted for my burrito he was completely oblivious to the Orc with the shotgun charging me.\" Ronan huffed out a growl, \"pigfaced dumbass. Well that's one of the useful things about us wolves. I can smell gun powder from 500 yards out, drugs of any kind from a mile. Orcs always brag about having heightened senses, but they're nothing compared to us. After all, humans couldn't have made the bloodhound without the wolf.\" Ronan smiled at Ward, thoroughly pleased with his superiority over an Orc. Ward 'Hmmed' a response. \"Well it was a long time ago, and Jakoby is a lot less green now.\" Ronan's face fell a little, he was hoping that Ward would rip on the Orc too. Clearly they were closer friends than Ronan realized. \"Alright crew!\" Hillman called attention to the room after she had finished her conversation with Lieutenant Harper and Captain Perez. The superiors glanced over at Ward and Ronan and gave them a nod before exiting the debriefing room. \"What was that about?\" Ronan questioned the superior's acknowledgement. \"Probably for your award\" Ward answered him flatly. Ronan whipped his head around to face his new partner. \"What award!?\" His voice was shocked and horrified. \"Assignments for today,\" Hillman raised her voice, demanding full attention. Ward shook his head at the wolf, signaling they would talk more about it later. \"Samuels and Landon, Hollywood. Davidson and Quinn, the Junctions. Kent and Riley, University Park. Richards and Hunter, Downtown. Munson and Layla, the Heights. Nicholson and Dexter, Chinatown. And Ward and Ronan, our newest team, Santa Monica. Any questions?\" Muttered 'no's filled the room. \"Then get your shotguns, radios, and deploy. Let's try to have a quiet day today people.\" Hillman sounded exhausted. The teams began to gather their things and head to the weapons dispensary and out to the cars. Ward and Ronan exchanged an amused glance, \"a day by the ocean doesn't sound so bad.\" Ronan offered. Ward rolled his eyes, \"middle of summer and tourist season, what could go wrong?\" / The sun was beginning to set before Ward and Ronan finished their last call and began to pack up to head back to Precinct 1. \"What a stupid day,\" Ward sighed, thoroughly exhausted. Ronan yawned with a thunderous roar, \"are your patrols always like this?\" \"Pretty much. Stupid calls and dumbass people.\" During their first full day of partnership they pulled over five drunk drivers, broke up seven fights over public beach space, arrested two for indecent exposure, arrested another nine for public disturbances including fist fighting, destruction of property, and possession of illegal substances. Their final arrests for the day, two Orcs selling cocaine on the strip. They thought they had the officers fooled, dressed like wealthy upstanding citizens just enjoying a day at the beach, but nothing got past Ronan's nose. He could smell the drugs before he even saw the dealers. The two Orcs were now cuffed in the back of their truck and Ronan and Ward were getting back on Interstate 10 to head home. \"You know in retrospect,\" Ward laughed, \"today was actually a pretty normal day.\" Ronan sighed in agreement, \"no crime bosses or magic encounters. So this is what normal police work feels like!\" \"Man I've missed normal.\" \"Try writing parking tickets for a whole year.\" Ronan snorted. \"Today was a rush! Goddamn my feet hurt.\" He looked down at his red and aching paw pads. \"So you're the mutt that took down Julio King?\" One of the Orcs from the back of the car spoke up. Ronan stiffened, but did not respond. \"Clan blood is coming for you, pup. You better watch your back.\" Ronan turned toward the back of the car and snarled, \"and you best not threaten a police officer, pigface grunt.\" \"Hey hey, okay now. Easy Ro, he's just trying to get in your head.\" Ronan snorted and growled in aggravation. \"Boy you gotta get control of that temper.\" Ward chuckled at him. \"You don't take down Julio King without any kind of blowback,\" the other Orc said. \"There will be consequences for your actions, mutt.\" \"Hey! I suggest you shut your ugly face before this wolf jumps through that barrier and rips into your neck.\" Ward snapped. The Orcs finally went quiet, but Ronan continued his low menacing growl. Ward took the exit off of Interstate 10 and began winding through Downtown towards the Precinct. They stopped at a red light where a group of Orcs were standing at the street corner, drinking and shouting at their car, they were Fogteeth most likely. Ronan offered them a glance of disgust, Ward didn't even bother to look over. The Orcs in the back of the car started to laugh and speak to each other in Orcish. \"Shut the fuck up back there,\" Ronan snarled. The Orcs just continued to laugh. From the street, Ronan caught movement out of the corner of his eye. One of the biggest, ugliest Orcs in the small crowd threw something at the their patrol car. It entered through the open window and landed in Ronan's lap. The wolf looked down confused. It was about the size of a baseball, though more oval in shape, and military green. Ronan's eyes widened in terror. \"Grenade!\" He roared. He shoved Ward on the shoulder, urging him to jump out of the car. Ward leapt out of the truck like his ass was on fire. Ronan scrambled for the door handle and managed to open it and get the front half of his body out of the car before the grenade detonated. The squad car erupted into a ball of flames and was launched a good 20 feet into the air from the force of the explosion. Ward had tucked and rolled, managing to shield himself from the blast. He watched from a safe distance as their truck flipped and landed upside down with a deafening crash. The Orcs from the street corner rushed to the car and pulled their cuffed friends out of the backseat, both were still alive miraculously. The all piled into a black Escalade and took off. Ward watched the fire consume their car into ash, he breathed a sigh of relief that he was alive and unharmed before he realized his wolf was nowhere to be seen. \"Ronan!\" He shouted at the top of his voice. Ward pushed himself up off the ground, he was sore and a little scraped up from the pavement, but otherwise fine. He squinted around the flames of the burning car and shouted again. \"Ronan! Where are you!?\" Ward hobbled towards the car, he got as close as he could and peered into the wreckage, hoping to God he wouldn't see the charred body of his giant wolf stuck in the car. It was empty. \"Ronan where the fuck are you!?\" he screamed. \"Here\" the voice was weak and sputtered with coughing. Ward looked around frantically for the source of the voice. \"Here.\" It said again. Finally, he spotted Ronan slowly heaving himself up from the other side of the street. The hood of the car next to him was caved in, he must have landed on it from being thrown from the blast. Ward rushed over to him. The wolf was hacking and coughing hard. \"Ronan\" Ward started coughing too, choking on the smoke from the burning car. \"Ronan, get your vest off. It's on fire.\" Ward began unsnapping and pulling the vest of his partner. Ronan tried to shake the fog out of his head and stand. When Ward tried to pull the vest off Ronan's shoulders, the wolf roared out in pain. He instinctively jumped back, when a four thousand pound animal roars like that, it's hard not to react in fear. Ward rebounded quickly and went back to the side of his wolf. \"Your shoulder is burned pretty badly. But I gotta get the vest off Ro.\" He tried to sound comforting. Ronan nodded pathetically. Ward gripped the melting vest tightly, he didn't even bother counting off. He pulled it as hard as he could in one fluid motion. The vest separated from the wolf's skin. Ronan managed to bite back another guttural roar. In the distance they could hear sirens over the crackling of the burning car. \"God dammit dog,\" Ward coughed out. \"Is it going to be like this every time we are out on patrol together!?\" \"I hope not\" Ronan muttered weakly. He had stopped trying to get up. Ward sat down on the ground next to him. He scrutinized the burn on the wolf's shoulder. \"That burn is bad.\" \"Hey, at least I'm not in the squad car\" Ronan laughed and hacked from deep in his lungs. Ward chuckled and sputtered a cough, \"true story.\" The cavalry finally arrived at the scene. Two fire trucks and ambulances, and a half dozen squad cars. The firemen immediately got to work putting out the car fire and Ward waved the paramedics over. \"Hey! Over here!\" The medics ran over to them, and ironically, the same veterinarian that treated Ronan for his heat stroke stopped in front of them. \"Really?\" She looked at the pair in surprise. \"Again?\" \"At least he's not dying this time.\" Ward jutted a thumb towards his wolf, who was awake and conscious, although burned and coughing badly. The vet put an oxygen mask over Ronan's face, and one of the human medics did the same for Ward. They sat leaning against the dented car in the burning and cluttered street as their vitals were taken and injuries analyzed. Ward caught sight of Sergeant Hillman charging towards them, with Captain Perez trailing closely behind her. \"Uh oh,\" Ward mumbled through his oxygen mask. \"We're in trouble big man.\" Ronan laughed, but it quickly turned into coughing. \"You two,\" Hillman huffed out, pointing back and forth between Ward and Ronan, her frustration level through the roof. \"Are going to be my problem children, aren't you?\" Ronan laugh coughed, \"not on purpose Sarge. We just seem to be the popular kids lately.\" \"Shut it Trager, or I'll put you back on parking tickets for the rest of your life.\" Captain Perez decided it was time to intervene. \"Hey, Turner and Hooch, what happened?\" Ward shrugged, \"we stopped at a redlight with two Orc Perps in the backseat. Fogteeth group were loitering on the street corner. Next thing I know Ronan is shouting grenade and shoving me out of the car. I tuck and roll and the car goes up in flames.\" \"I landed there,\" Ronan pointed to the caved in hood of the Lexus they were leaning against. Perps survived, they were dragged away by their buddies. Jumped into a black Escalade, no plates.\" \"Retaliation for Julio King?\" Perez questioned. \"Most likely.\" Ronan shrugged, and then hissed in pain. The burn on his shoulder was bad. The vet, Dr. Vicki Knight they had finally learned, spoke up. \"They are both going to have to go to the hospital for breathing treatments, and Cujo here is probably going to spend a week in the burn unit.\" Ronan's head shot up like a firecracker. He pulled the oxygen mask off his face and looked dead into Dr. Knight's eyes. \"I will NOT be spending a single day in that hospital. You can patch up my shoulder, but that's it.\" He turned to Sergeant Hillman and Captain Perez. \"I am not staying.\" The superiors both rolled their eyes, \"how about we just get you to the hospital and we'll go from there?\" Perez said. \"Hospital sounds good thanks.\" Ward mumbled through his oxygen mask. Ronan groaned as he lifted himself off the pavement and onto a waiting stretcher. \"That's because you didn't spend a week there tripping balls off nothing.\" \"Hey, it's not my fault you thought you could run like Secretariat.\" Ward quipped back at him while he was shuffling himself onto his own stretcher. Hillman rubbed her temples with frustration, \"will you please just take dumb and dumber to the hospital. We'll meet you there for formal statements.\" \"You want my formal statement!\" Ronan shouted at her. He was just being a jackass now, for fun. \"I've been ran to the brink of death and blown up all in the span of 3 weeks! I want parking duty back! The shit I do for this Precinct!\" The vet and paramedic loaded the wolf into an ambulance and slammed the doors, effectively cutting off his tyrant about dying for the LAPD. Hillman and Perez stepped up next to Ward on his stretcher, waiting to be loaded into another ambulance. \"If you think for one minute you are going to be able to keep that dog in the hospital any longer than 12 hours, ya'll are going to have four thousand pounds of raging mutt come at you with teeth and claws.\" He chuckled as the paramedics loaded him up and shut the doors. Hillman and Perez exchanged exhausted glances. \"Rock paper scissors for who gets to deal with Cujo?\" Perez laughed. ","Summary":" The debriefing room of the Los Angeles Police Department, Precinct 1, was a large and fairly sparse"},{"Movie":"Just Like Heaven","Title":"One Thousand and Second","Author":"LordLanceahlot","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/3215784","Passage":"[Chapter 1] She didn't… she couldn't… David sank down on the park bench, completely unaware of his surroundings. It was as if the Devil had decided to play the cruelest joke on the planet. In fact, he was probably reclining in a red easy chair made of fire and brimstone, watching him suffer on a 52-inch plasma. David couldn't even work up the energy to smile at his overactive thoughts. Elizabeth was alive… it was what they had been both been frantically wishing for, willing to happen. And by some stroke of God it had, in that Cinderella-esque kiss in the hospital. But the sweetness of the moment was tempered by the heart wrenching look in her blue eyes as she glanced politely up at him, bewildered but friendly. A look that held no conscious knowledge of who the hell he was. His head fell into one hand as he roughly raked his fingers through his hair. His two great loves of his life had been wrenched from him without a backwards thought to the broken man left behind. Both Laura and Elizabeth had left. One this plane of existence; one merely without any knowledge of him. Of the moments up on the rooftop. In the hospital. In the apartment. For one crazy instant he wondered if he would go back up to his—no her apartment, and sit his coke can on the table without a coaster. Maybe then she would reappear in his life. A high energy blaze of color and wonder and beauty. Some things that had been severely lacking in his world since his wife had passed away. Passed away. He hated the euphemism. It was meant to cover up the word died. He had tried to cover up the jagged tears her death had left on his heart just like passed away masked its darker counterpart. It was useless. He was useless. Life was useless. He could see the Golden Gate Bridge in the distance. A beacon of hope to some, a passing observance to many others. He himself had driven on it a thousand and one times but he had never seriously thought about its possibilities. But perhaps he should. Because in all honesty, how many great loves would he get? He had cheated Aphrodite once and gotten two. A beautiful and exquisite brunette, his Laura, and a fiery and spectacular blonde, Elizabeth. Except now, perhaps, he didn't think his heart would survive another severe beating. It was shattered as it was. He got up, his decision made. First he had to go to home depot and pick out some gardening supplies. Elizabeth deserved her garden and he would be the one to make it for her. Then, once he had built the most beautiful garden he could think off, he would make his thousand and second trip out to the Golden Gate bridge and stand at the edge, as many have done before him. And then he would jump and this blinding pain in his heart might abate slightly with the comfort and bliss of death. A few notes about this story. ","Summary":" She didn't… she couldn't… David sank down on the park bench, completely unaware of his surroundings"},{"Movie":"Just Like Heaven","Title":"Down the road of doom","Author":"MissyPrincess","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/3284430","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Chapter 1 Elizabeth went to visit her sisternleaving David at home doing the gardening. When she was there she gotna phone call from David. \" Are you coming home yet? Dinnersnready,\" he said with a quiet voice. \"I just got here! I will be halfnan hour, put it in the microwave.\" Elizabeth started to feel guilty, sonshe said goodbye to her sister, and went to get in her car. Her nphone went off again. This time it was the hospital. ApparentlynDavid had cut himself accidently while he was on the phone. Shenrushed to the hospital as quick as she could. When she got there,nDavid was in the accident emergancy ward. ","Summary":" Chapter 1 Elizabeth went to visit her sisternleaving David at home doing the gardening. When she wa"},{"Movie":"Krampus","Title":"Welcome to the family","Author":"RebeccaQueenOfTheSupernatural","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12888926","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer do not own anything Chapter one: different ending Max stared at the orange and black goat eyes of Krampus the creatures were all silent as Krampus looked at the child 'please let my family go I'll do anything' said max as more tears ran down his face 'anything' asked Krampus the elves and toys looked at their master curious Krampus looked at max again 'become my slave and your family shall live' said Krampus max looked at Stevie 'max don't do it -run max' screamed Stevie max looked at Krampus 'I agree' said max he was still crying der klown clapped his hands excitedly never had any of the callers agreed to the offer this human was brave perhaps he would play games with them 'NO MAX!' shouted Stevie 'anything just please let them go' said max as more tears ran down his face der klown stopped clapping why would the small human be crying so much he got to leave his family they had made him stop believing isn't that good 'than it is done' said Krampus suddenly a blinding white light covered everything then darkness took over and max fell into a deep sleep The elves, yules and toys watched as the little human fell to the ground asleep 'NO! MAX' screamed Stevie the elves through her into the pit 'let's go' said Krampus he turned the sleeping body of max then slowly crouched down and lifted the boy into his arms the hold flimsy as if he was carrying a rag 'careful' said Perchta flying near her master Krampus looked at her 'humans are breakable remember how easy it was to kill them' said Perchta Krampus nodded and readjusted the hold one arm under his knees the other under his back Perchta groaned 'the head' said Perchta she flew closer to her master and the boy 'I'm not carrying him he should say good bye I'll give him that' said Krampus before he threw max into the pit Wewishyouamerrydeathmaswewishyouamerrydeathmaswewishyouamerrydeathmasandasatanicnewyear Max woke up in his room he looked around it was still dark outside max stood up and looked out his window the power was back and the storm was gone everything was how it should be max looked down he was wearing his pyjamas he was really confused there was a noise behind him max slowly turned around the angel doll stood in the middle of the door way 'get dressed max we need to leave' said Perchta 'can I say goodbye' asked max 'quickly' said Perchta max nodded he changed into some dark blue jean a red and black chequered long sleaved t-shirt then put on shocks and boots next was gloves and beanie then max grabbed his spare parker from the coat rack next to the door and put in on his family wasn't awake max left a note it's all he could really do. He followed Perchta outside Krampus stood next to his slay the elves were packed up on to the slay 'there's no room' said max quietly 'in the sack' said teddy he popped his head out from said sack max gulped he walked up next to the sleigh he was about to try and climb when the elves lifted him up and swung him in the sack not to gently Perchta face palmed at lest he wasn't dead yet max rolled over in the sack something was digging into his back he grabbed it and pulled it from under him 'hi, I'm tick tock' said the thing it was the robot creature that had stabbed his dad max dropped tick tock in fright and tried to sit up his back hit something it was soft and oddly warm max looked up at the smiling face of der klown 'your scaring him' said Perchta flying into the sack 'no shit looks at him he's going to jump out while we're flying' said teddy max looked at the teddy 'and here comes the screaming' said teddy max did indeed start screaming his voice didn't go high pitched jut the same aaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhhh note der klown tilted his head usually the screams went really high pitched maybe he was warming up to them- der klown looked down at the still screaming human- or not well he would they were all family now 'someone shut him up' said Krampus an elf hit max over the head with a stick max went silent as he lost unconscious 'guess he's still a bit scared' said tick tock Perchta face palmed again 'why did you all have to be boys' asked Perchta 'we're going through a portal hang on' said Krampus Perchta grabbed hold of der klown so she wouldn't fall out of the bag Krampus tried to keep the slay steady as they went through the portal everything shook and rocked 'we're landing' said Krampus the slay bounced a bit as it landed der klown held on to max as they did the small human completely limp would have flown out of the sack good thing der klown was holding him 'we should get him inside before he freezes to death' said Perchta teddy shook his head 'why does it matter look at him kid will be dead in a week-no 3 days' said teddy 'don't be mean I'm shore he'll be fine' said tick tock 'do you even know his name' asked teddy tick tock took a moment to think 'um tax?' asked tick tock unsure 'his name is max and teddys going to be nice or else' said Krampus teddy sighed 'don't say I didn't warn ya kid will die before our very eyes' said teddy leaving the slay to go into the dark workshop he had work to do they all did[Chapter 2] Welcome to the family Disclaimer: I own nothing Chapter two: chores Santa's workshop had all ways been described as a joyful and happy please filled with music and laughter and smiley little elves that made toys and dank hot coco and that's true Santa's workshop was a very nice place located at the north pole but max was not at the north pole he wasn't with Santa and there were no elves to sing and dance or to give him coco. Max was at the south pole which was in the middle of Antarctica which was freezing, and Krampus had a very different type of workshop there was no light no music the elves didn't make toys it was very different to Santa's. Krampus's workshop was a small wooden cabin which was odd but that was only the disguised front door, it was a small wooden cabin built into the side of a very large mountain about 12 meters away from the cabin was a pair of large wooden doors built in the mountain open them and you would find your self inside the Krampus workshop stables from there you go down a dark and dreary hallway the only door in the hall way leads to the dinning hall which in big enough to hold Krampus the toys the elves and everything else that lived in the work shop. There were multiple doors on all the walls of the dinning hall since it was the centre of Krampus work shop the door on the wall opposite to the stables leads to the kitchens on the right wall the first door is an oak wood double door leads to the \"workshop\" which is where some of the elves work repairing toys or objects making tricks and living toys to serve Krampus the second door [a silver double door] on the right wall was the bathe and cleaning area where again some elves worked to clean toys or clothes or whatever needed to be cleaned the third door on the right wall [a red double doors] lead to the mail room where again some elves worked sorting out mail there wasn't a lot mainly just the ripped or broken letters to Santa from a child who longer believes some times they even get lost letters that just ended up in the wind and found there way to the south. On the left side of the room there are also 3 doors the first door [grey double doors] leads to stairs which go down below the mountains into the mines where elves dig for coal the second door[dark blue double doors] also lead to stairs theses stairs lead to bedrooms and sleeping areas the sleeping areas also lead to the medical room [large white double doors] the third door [black double doors] lead straight to a large library. Upstairs to the library is an office in which Krampus does what ever he does he keeps his entire snow globe collection every room was dark and scary you could smell death in every wall every fibre the only other place of note was the door in the library that lead to the small cabin which lead out side into the unforgiving winter land 'home sweet home' said tick tock as the elves opened up the large stable doors teddy was already walking through said doors while elves were still opening them, the elves then proceeded to lead the large yule goats that pulled the slay in to the stables closing the door as everyone came inside Krampus jumped out of the slay and left the stables any elves that weren't meant to be in the stables left to go to there respective job while the toys left to go to either the bathe room or the repairs area in the workshop Perchta stayed with the slay as everyone wondered off it was then max waking up with a groan at the pain in the side of his head 'oh, good you're ok' said Perchta max stood up and shook his head to clear it of the fog that had built up in his mind. Max slowly took in his surroundings 'hurry up we have to get you a chore list' said Perchta max flowed the Christmas angel through the hallway and in to the dinning hall 'keep up max' said Perchta, max jogged to catch up as Perchta went through a door on the left wall which lead to the library max took a moment to look around 'hurry' said Perchta max ran to catch up to the Christmas angel heading up some old creaky wooden spiral stair case Perchta then climbed up a ladder max followed once they had reached the top max froze the room they had entered was filled with snow globes shelves upon shelves of snow globes 'so, he made it through landing' said a deep and rusty voice max looked behind him to see Krampus sitting at a desk writing with old paper that had browned with age and instead of a pen Krampus used a large white feather Krampus put down the feather and turned to face max and Perchta 'we came to get a chore list' said Perchta 'of course, you did' said Krampus he held up the piece of paper 'first you'll help wash the toys then help the elves make dinner that should take you all day considering it is Christmas' said Krampus he handed the paper to Perchta who flew out of the room max went to follow 'max' said Krampus frozen with fear max stood absolutely still why was Krampus talking to him 'max face me' said Krampus calmly max turned around 'we've never had a human here before so be warned the elves and toys will treat you either two ways 1. they will think your made of glass or 2. They act the same toward you as they do each other in which case you'll have quiet a few injuries. Understand' asked Krampus max nodded Krampus dismissed hi with a wave of his hand max left the room and was down the stair case faster than Usain Bolt could ever dream 'max' said Perchta smiling as max came to a stop in front of her 'so, what's first' asked max Perchta lead max back to the dinning hall then through a door and into the bathe room 'max will you be alright by yourself' asked Perchta max nodded 'ok scream if you need anything' said Perchta leaving, an elf suddenly grabbed max's wrist and pulled or more of dragged max over to a tub filled with water next to the tub was a bucket with soap bars sponges and a scrubbing brush max turned back to the elf but the demonic looking creature was gone max herd something getting into the tub turning around max came face to face with der klown with a face splitting smile max stared then gulped 'h-hi' said max der klown waved happily max inwardly screamed this was not going to be easy in fact it was going to be absolute hell Please review and tell me what you think[Chapter 3] Welcome to the family Disclaimer: I own nothing Chapter 3: well that was fun To say that der klown was hard to wash was a BIG understatement and all for three simple reasons. klown was like a child he splashed he wined oh and he even jumped out of the water 3 times was a killer clown like jack in a box every time der klown smiled max fell of his seat nearly having a heart attack why did he need to smile and so much blood gross! klown tried to drown him it's not like der klown really mean to try and drown max it just happened Der klown had been looking down at max who had just pulled out someone's liver from the water and spent 3 minutes screaming. So, der klown though max should lighten up a bit after all this was max's new home he should learn to love it right…. wrong. der klown had picked max up [who screamed a lot] and dropped him in the tub unfortunately max couldn't get any grip on the soapy tub it didn't help that the water had all the blood and dirt making it impossible for max to see der klown after a few minutes of struggling max stopped der klown terrified that he had jus killed max pulled him out of the water and threw him a few feet away from the tub max coughed up the water in his lungs scaring the elves 'are humans meant to do that' asked lievi an elf who was washing teddy at the moment 'don't think it's a good thing' said Sandra a female elf who was bringing more water for the tubs max sat up after that der klown had been very quiet and still letting max wash him in record time after drying der klown sulked off not even trying to give max a hug Since it had taken a long time for max to clean der klown the other toys were all washed \"um excuse me\" asked max quietly to an elf \"yes\" asked Sandra turning around max looked at his feet nervous \"do you know where the kitchens are\" asked max \"yes, I do, in fact I was about to go there myself\" said Sandra she motioned for max to follow her max followed quietly \"so how do you like the place so far\" asked Sandra \"it's really cold here\" said max \"yes, the heating's broken should be fixed tomorrow\" said Sandra \"ok then, everyone seems friendly\" said max \"I should hope so\" said Sandra smiling she opened the kitchen door max trailed in behind her the kitchen was a mess to say the lest it seemed the process of cooking dinner involved a very huge food fight ginger bread men threw cookie dough and elves threw vegetable's Sandra took cover under the table before anything could hit her max wasn't so lucky as elves started throwing pots and pans. Max fell victim to a frying pan in the face and fell to the floor unconscious, it was then everything stopped elves started to crowded around max Sandra crawled out from under the table \"CHECK HIS PULSE!\" screeched Sandra \"SOMBODY GET HELP!\" shouted a male elf named tinsel \"CALL MARGIE\" shouted Sandra as she checked max's pulse Richard [a male kitchen elf] ran out of the room to get Margie. Now Margie had been around for a long time so long in fact that she had been looking after Krampus since he was in dippers, Margie was also one of the only healers, beside Margie there was Lucky Margie's niece and Bucky Margie's nephew both were good healer's, but Margie was the best and everyone's go to for emergency's \"what happened\" asked Margie she remained calm even through there was a passed out 12-year-old on the kitchen floor \"there was a food fight, and somebody threw a frying pan and it hit max in the head and now he's not moving\" said Sandra Margie nodded \"get him to sick bay and put him on a bed tell lucky she'll look after him I've got to talk to Krampus\" said Margie tinsel carried max to sick bay and Sandra followed to explain things to Lucky, Margie turned on her heel and headed straight for Krampus office walking through the library and up the stairs she stopped for breath \"sugarplums ... I'm getting to old for this\" said Margie she climbed the ladder Krampus seeing the old elf climbing up went to help but Margie was already up \"Margie what are you doing up here\" asked Krampus \"we need to talk… about the human…. Why do you need so many bloody stairs\" said Margie as she tried to catch her breath \"I made the offer he agreed end of story\" said Krampus \"no, it is not you kidnapped a minor\" said Margie \"details\" said Krampus with a wave of his hand \"I swear one day you'll give me a heart attack\" said Margie \"how do you think I'll do that' asked Krampus he was smiling slightly \"how?. Oh, either from fright or those bloody stairs\" said Margie Krampus let out a huffy laugh \"oh, Margie you worry to much, I'll keep the boy for a year then return him home\" said Krampus turning back to his work \"well you may want to know that max was hit in the head with a frying pan and is currently unconscious\" said Margie stepping down the ladder Krampus spun around nearly falling out of his chair \"WHAT?!\" shouted Krampus thanks for reading review and if you have any ideas you'd like to see, send them in[Chapter 4] Welcome to the family Chapter 4: he's fine When max awoke he was in a white room it smells like soap and paint what ever he was laying on was hard and cold. Max stared at the ceiling above him white and chipped soon as max's senses came back to him he herd voices talking in the distance or maybe they were close but sounded distant he couldn't be certain all he DID know for certain was that his head hurt he was cold and he wanted to go home it was then that Krampus walked into his line of sight max didn't have the energy to be scared he had been kidnapped, knocked out, given horrible chores, nearly drowned, then knocked out AGAIN! Seriously what had he done to deserve this …. Don't count the noodle incident \"MAGIE! HE'S AWAKE!\" shouted Krampus to somebody out of max's line of sight, till suddenly a female elf was hovering over him her wrinkly old skin, short grey hair and big circle glass would suggest she was someone grandma… or even someone's great-grandma \"-as. Max are you listening, can you here me\" asked the female elf max nodded slightly \"ok. My name is Magie I'm the doctor here at the workshop\" said Magie max nodded \"can you tell me what happened\" asked Magie \"I got hit with a frying pan\" said max Magie nodded she pulled out a small light and shined it in his eyes then nodded to her self Magie turned to Krampus \"he's got a concussion and his left eye is already bruising\" said Magie \"but he's alright, yes?\" asked Krampus \"no, he's going to have to rest for the rest of the day at lest and never let him in the kitchen again\" said Magie Krampus nodded \"thank you Magie\" said Krampus \"put max in the same room as the toys I think the elves would be a bad choice\" said Magie \"very well\" said Krampus he left the room Magie turned back to max and smiled kindly \"max we're going to take you to your room now ok\" said Magie max nodded Magie called over her nephew Bucky to help get max to his new room. Bucky was a tall [for an elf] muscled guy, besides being a medical elf, he was the workshops fighting ring champion. All max could really tell about Bucky was he was bald and wore blue scrub and a white apron where as Magie wore a blue dress and a white apron and light tanned skinned just like Magie and a handsome face beside the black on black eyes elves looked much different with out their masks it was strange yet seemed like the logical thing for elves to look like normal humans with out their masks- and wow max was really over thinking this maybe he needed sleep or medicine one of the two \"max we're here\" said Magie max looked around he was in another bed in a different room this bed was old and ripped there were no sheets just an old blanket and a moth ridden pillow \"thank you\" said max he looked at the room the walls were grey cement so was the floor there were water stains on the floor walls and ceiling no heater or a fan the only things in the room were the twenty odd other beds that looked similar to his except they had names carved into the head board \"welcome to your new home\" said Magie before she and Bucky left the room max sat up and leaned against the head board \"I want to go home\" mumbled max he was stuck in this horrible place and there was nothing he could do[Chapter 5] Welcome to the family Chapter 5: just keep screaming He heard voices. Ok no. max wasn't crazy at lest not yet, there was hushed voices and whispering it was dark- wait no his eyes were closed he must have fallen asleep but when how long was he asleep who was talking…why did his face hurt. \"is he ok\" \"is he breathing\" \"TEDDY!\" \"shush! Keep it down you'll wake him\" \"what did you want tik\" \"you think he'll freak out\" \"freak out? Nah he'll have a panic attack\" \"shut it teddy\" Max forced his eyes open which was hard why was he so tired, but he needed to see who-or what- was talking \"I think he's waking up\" \"don't worry everybody teddy's a genius\" \"shut it\" Max opened his eyes fully the room was still bland and falling apart max sat up his bed was surrounded by nightmarish toys there was teddy at the end of his bed tik-tok stood beside teddy, der klown was right next to his bed and was playing with the corner of his thin blanket then there was of course a small puppet whose strings seemed to be held up by the air a doll that looked like a black plague doctor with the dark coat and bird mask 3 gingerbread men sat on max's bed right next to his left hand next to der klown was a old fashioned nut cracker next to him was baby doll which was in a blue dress-max decided any comment on this would most likely be a bad idea-then there was a small jack in the box waving at him from the floor. Now usually when ONE of these things was anywhere near your bed when you woke up you scream, max had ALL of these things surrounding his bed looking at him,so he responded in the most logical way possible. He screamed…really loud \"IS THAT A PANIC ATTACK!\" shouted tik-tok to teddy \"WHAT?\" shouted back teddy \"WHA?\" shouted tik-tok confused \"WHAT ARE YOU SAYING\" shouted the nutcracker trying to hear them \"MAX!!\" shouted Perchta flying into the room she stopped to glared at the toys surrounding max. Perchta flew over to max.once most of the toys had backed off to a safe distance max seemed to calm down a bit his screaming stopped but his breathing was still to fast \"are you ok max\" asked Perchta gently max tried to control his breathing he nodded slightly \"you know ya going to have to stop screaming kid it's starting to get real annoying\" said teddy Perchta glared at teddy \"why don't we all introduce ourselves and we may seem less scary\" said Perchta most toys nodded at this \"ok good my name is Perchta I'm a demonic Christmas angel\" said Perchta teddy sighed then took a step toward max \"I'm teddy Klaus I'm a stuffed bear my friends call me teddy\" said teddy tik-tok waved at max \"tik-tok I'm a robot oh and sometimes people call me tik\" said tik-tok still waving next to step forward was the nutcracker -turns out when he spoke you could see the fangs in his mouth,but max was slowly getting use to everyone having fangs \"I'm nutcracker but most people call me …well they call me nutcracker\" said nutcracker \"I'm opsie daisy but you can call me daisy or opsie which evers fine\" said the doll in the blue dress the puppet with the floating strings and the doll made to look a doctor from the black plague both stepped forward \"I'm puppet\" said the one with floating strings \"I'm flea\" said the black plague doctor \"personally, I think that's the most ironic name out of all of us\" said the jack in the box he was still on the floor the 3 ginger bread men laughed slightly \"what are they laughing at\" asked max softly \"because the jack in the box is named jack\" said teddy \"well flea is more ironic since he's a black plague doll and the black plague was caused by fleas\" said jack [in the box] \"uh-hu right well the ginger bread men are glutton, sugar, and cookie\" said Perchta gesturing to each living treat in turn glutton had a white frosting bow tie, sugar was a simple plain gingerbread man with no tie and cookie had a bite taken out of his head \"you know der klown of course\" said Perchta pointing to the over sized jack in box clown monster max nodded \"then finally there's reboot\" said Perchta max looked confused he didn't see any other toys \"next to yeah kid\" said teddy max looked to his right side there on the mattress near where his head would go if he was laying down was a tiny robot… with fangs. reboot waved up at max, the robot was so small he was only as tall as the gingerbread mans shoulders \"Hey don't forget bunny and fang\" said puppet \"Right of course their not here at the moment but you'll meet them at dinner in half an hour\" said flea \"Ok\" said max the toys were silent for a while just staring at max who increasingly uncomfortable with them all staring at him \"Max we know we may seem a bit scary right now but you'll see we're not that bad once you get to know us\" said Perchta max nodded \"Come on lets go you must be starving-bet we could steal something from the kitchen\" said Perchta \"Yeah just stay away from the ginger bread men\" said jack max nodded, the toys made their way toward the door max following the thin blanket wrapped around him hair messy and giant bruise covering his left eye, left temple and left cheek basically he had a massive bruise covering the left side of his face \"So what happened to your face\" asked tik-tok max stopped and thought before he shrugged he couldn't remember too well maybe one of the elves at dinner would know Byebyebyebyebyebyebyebyebyebyebyebyebyebyebyebyr There I updated happy Tyrone Thanks for reading please review ","Summary":" Disclaimer do not own anything Chapter one: different ending Max stared at the orange and black goa"},{"Movie":"The Prophecy","Title":"The Prophecy: Forsworn","Author":"Number1Monkey","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10326146","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Angels were not beings of immense compassion that radiated light coming to earth in times of man's need whether to the individual or the peoples to spread God's word. And her mother made sure she knew this. Yet despite all of this Chrys could not banish the images of the pious, humble visages who gazed down on her childhood from stained glass windows, or the elegant winged women that topped nearly every Christmas tree, a holiday which they never celebrated. She was running, for what very well may have been her life, fierce and murderous men hot on her heels. What Chrys didn't know was why, nor could she have guessed the role that she would come to play in the war of Heaven. For it was the war in Heaven that had spilt out like a bloody wave to cover the earth and sent these madmen who were in truth angels to her door. Her heart raced hammering thunderously in her head, her shoes struggling to gain traction on the slick concrete alleyway. She fell, letting out a cry, a heady cocktail of pain, fear, and frustration. The blood, her mother's blood, that of a Nephilim, staining the ground as the abrasive earth tore through denim and flesh. Thrusting herself back to her feet the young woman merged seamlessly with a crowd of passers bys, leaving some to glace the way she'd come like sheep on the fringe of the flock peering after the wolf. Keeping her head down she forced herself to walk when every nerve ending screamed maddeningly to run. She was fourteen years old, fast approaching fifteen and she was sure that today was the day that she was going to die. She and her mother had moved from place to place since the time of her birth in the distant now foreign country of Romania. Now she was in New York, and glad of it, of all the places one could vanish to New York seemed the best, for like in this massive swirling throng of bodies it was so too the best to vanish into. The curly copper hair crowning her head was a tangled mess thrown to the wind as it was, and her green eyes were red rimmed and swollen with the pressure of tears kept at bay. In the calming anonymity of the group the girl finally had time to process what she had just witnessed. Her mother on the floor, house in shambles, a smear of red, and a tall dark figure. She'd come home, late after an argument over her academics and less than saintly behavior. Chrys who had been taking on a rebellious streak weary of her life as a modern day gypsy had been caught with cigarettes, Allison, her mother had not been pleased. After spending several hours at a friends house, the self-same boy in fact who had supplied her with the contraband Chrys had decided to venture home rather than have her angry and fearful mother call out the brigade. Finding the door ajar before she could put the key in her front door, she entered cautiously. Furniture, books, everything was a mass of disarray and chaos. Edging her way inside Chrys saw the first stains of blood on the floor and walls she became dizzy with fright and anxiety almost at once. A painful groan near the kitchen caught her attention and foolishly she peered around the corner and looked. There on the floor body broken and bloody lie her mother a final shuddering breath escaping her lips as from above blood rained down on her from the heart which had been torn from her chest. Even if she hadn't of screamed the acrid scent of fear would have alerted the angels to her presence, only she couldn't find a way to make herself believe they were angels. Staying with the larger group of pedestrians Chrys let out a sob, followed by another. Before she knew it she was crying profusely, her body weak and weary with grief and fear. It was blindly, and if by sheer luck or some found grace of God that she stumbled onto the steps of the church. Hesitantly the girl made her way inside. It was warmer than she expected, and well lit by numerous candles each marking some patron's prayers. The thought of lighting one for her mother flared brightly in her mind for a moment, but here the solemnity of her grief caused her to seek solitude. Making her way down an empty pew in the back Chrys sat staring bleakly ahead. Unconsciously she reached a hand up and rotated the bracelet she wore on her right arm. It bore several strange markings, now accustomed to her eye, as well as Chrysanthemum, her name in full. At touching this small memento, a birthday gift from her mother Chrys was seized with pain collapsing into her sorrows curling up on the padded bench weeping. As the girl cried drifting eventually into the realm of sleep she had no way of knowing the odds that were currently stacked against her, the Prophecy that bound her fate to not only Heaven, and Hell, but also to the staggered few of her kind that remained. Neither did she know that this culling like unto a field of wheat was a culling of her kind, and the kind of her mother. It was to be the end of the Nephilim, beings born of the unification of human women and angels. The killings had begun with a man named Danyeal and his children leaving his wife to ruination and suicide. What she did know however was the determination that burned brightly within, almost as brightly as her desire for vengeance. A/N: I don't have regular internet access, but I will try to update this as soon and oftan as I can. ","Summary":" Angels were not beings of immense compassion that radiated light coming to earth in times of man's "},{"Movie":"The Prophecy","Title":"Nighthawks","Author":"Vanessa Crispin","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12854378","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Author's Note: I recently just watched the first and second movies, and I absolutely love the Gabriel character. Him teaming up with Izzy in the second movie was by far, the best thing about that particular film, and I would have loved to see more of it. This could be viewed as a \"deleted scene\", or a what-if scenario. The search was taking longer than he had anticipated. Because unfortunately (and he should know) angels can be very tricky when they want to be. And just maybe, his reputation is more than just that –after all, they can sense him coming a mile away. Unfortunately there's not much he can do about that. Not much, but just enough and then some. He spoke more to Lucifer these days than anyone upstairs – how this happened he doesn't remember, but little by little, sometime after his hair turned inky black and his eyes became too wild and too cold for heaven, the devil would appear now and then – either to observe or to scold him, always with that curious glint in his eyes. For what is an angel, when that angel no longer has wings? \"There's blood on your hands Gabriel, and some of that is mine – you cannot claim it. \" that is what Lucifer would say. Maybe a former part of him would have replied with words. Instead he just barely turned his head and hissed like an angry cat. Lucifer sighed, nodding – the hissing and growling, though primitive, was a far more familiar language to him. \"That is mine too, but go ahead. I'll let you borrow it.\" The talking monkey named Isabelle was giving him a headache. He never got them usually. He wondered if her less than perfect bordering on chaotic driving was worth keeping her living-dead for. But they both liked wearing black leather – and both had a certain penchant for lost causes. He kinda liked that. Her boy Bobby (David, Jason?) whose soul was in heaven, whose corpse was rotting in a morgue somewhere. His love/hate towards the big man upstairs, like writing letters to someone who doesn't respond for thousands of years. But he was through with writing those letters. \"I'm hungry.\" Izzy muttered. He restrained himself from rolling his eyes. \"Foolish talk, keep driving.\" \"I'm hungry.\" She wasn't very obedient, this new monkey of his. He sighed long-sufferingly and leant back his head against the seat as his arctic blue eyes peered through the ceiling and into the sky, although it was useless asking the big man upstairs for any help. \"You can't be you see, because you're too dead to feel things like that.\" he explained matter-of-fact, like you would to a child. For all intents and purposes, she was. She certainly acted like it most of the time. \"I'm hungry!\" she screeched, punctuated by hitting the steering wheel with one bruised hand. His paitence was wearing thin. Throwing her a look, he pointed a scolding finger at her. \"Isabelle, stop that! You are dangerously close to making me curse. Just-just eat at the ends of your hair or something, aren't there any cigarettes in this heap? \" he asked, his eyes searching feebly for something to occupy the girl, at least momentarily. Isabelle shook her head at his question, her watery eyes once again on the road. \"No. Me and Julian smoked the last two I had right before we...\" And then she started crying. Again. That was just fantastic. \"Oh stop – I told you not to do that!\" He snapped, which didn't seem to have any effect on her at all. She really had the waterworks going this time it seemed. He doubted she would stop even if he did kill her, right there and then. Monkeys were always so over-emotional. \"Alright, a diner – there. Pull over.\" It was sometime in the middle of the night, but places like these were always open. There was no other customers but them and an old homeless man snoozing over an empty cup of coffee. For someone who was already half-dead and more than a little emotionally unstable, Isabelle calmed down significantly once she was seated in a corner booth with a big, almost decadent strawberry ice cream sundae in front of her. But when he came back from the counter after paying for their little outing, she was only picking at the cherry right on top with a red painted fingernail, her eyes impassive as she leaned over the table. He might have said something, but she gave him a look – one of the morbidly curious ones, that usually led to uncomfortable questions. So, back to business. They still hadn't tracked down that infernal woman who carried an angel-spawned rugrat inside her. \"When we get to the bank, I want you to look into the computer again.\" he said, to which she looked down at the floor and muttered. \"I'm not a computer nerd you know.\" she said, to which he tilted his head at her thoughtfully. They always had to make up new words – humankind was funny like that. \"Nerd….I suppose it means expert?\" he asked. But it was like talking to a surly, sucidial, bitter teenager – because that was what she was. She shrugged her shoulders and swirled a finger around on the tabletop, her eyes not even on the food in front of her at all. \"Right, yeah. Something like that.\" And then, because she was being so stubborn and quiet, and most of all QUIET, he decided to try something new. \"Izzy, look.\" He had seen that the girl liked things that burned, exploded into a million bright lights. Liked the burning flame of a candle, or standing a little too close to bonfires at night. He could never see the whole of them, just these parts that mattered. He moved his hand over the top of her dessert, the part where the tiny unlit sparkler was, right next to the gaudy american flag. Just by moving his hand over them, they both lit up at once. The sparkler was a little too cheerful for his tastes, but his trick had the desired effect. Her reaction, though a bit delayed, was surprising. Usually, the talking monkeys would not really do much – they were usually too busy with their own impending suicides to care about what he did. They followed orders well enough, because he left them no choice. Beyond that, they didn't care. Isabelles eyes widened noticeably when she saw what he had done, at first just blankly staring ahead of her – but then her eyes changed, the bright light reflected in them and after a moment, a strange smile graced her lips. Lucifer must have whispered in her ear at some point, he thought. \"So pretty...\" she mumbled, grazing her fingertips over the flames – a little too close. The sparkler reflected in her dark eyes, and it suited her. Or maybe it just revealed something she carried inside her – that tangled mess that was her heart, what drove her to suicide in the first place. Not that he cared about any of that. A talking monkey is nothing to care about. Looking out the window, he heard the sounds of metal scraping against the tabletop, and felt a hand briefly tug at his coat sleeve. Gabriel looked back at her, and noticed that she had put an extra spoon on the table. \"Do you wanna share it? \" she asked timidly, not really looking at him, her own spoon busy digging into the vanilla ice cream. He stared at the spoon for a long moment. This had never happened before. A monkey being nice to him. The cheesy 50's music wasn't making it any easier to digest. Why was she being nice to him? He looked up at her, cold eyes dissecting, calculating. \"This won't make me let you die faster, you know. \" he said, to which she rolled her eyes and smacked her lips in a rather obnoxious manner. \"It's just ice cream.\" she said, plain and simple. For a while he just stared at her as she ate. That was also a first – he couldn't remember any of the other half-dead humans in his acquaintance with a craving for ice cream. Or maybe she was doing all this just to delay his mission. It was difficult to tell, since she wasn't exactly easy to read – even for him. But her apparent disregard for table manners was just too much. \"My god, don't kids these days use napkins?\" he exclaimed, right after a huge glop of chocolate ice cream slipped from her spoon and dribbled down her pale wrist. He scooted the red metal container with napkins right in front of her, but when she wasn't fast enough (in his opinion) to care about it, he gathered a few of them himself and cleaned up her hand. He was matter-of-fact about it, never once looking up into her eyes to gauge her reaction. He could never abide bad manners and the casual use of curse words. It was just one of his many eccentric traits. It made no difference to him personally if the girl wanted to look filthy. But she was his, however temporarily. And whatever belonged to someone was a reflection of its owner. That was all it was. A brooding silence reigned for a couple of minutes, and then, making sure that she wasn't staring at him, he picked up his spoon. ","Summary":" Author's Note: I recently just watched the first and second movies, and I absolutely love the Gabri"},{"Movie":"The Prophecy","Title":"Renewal","Author":"Kittenmommy","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/2594865","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \"Renewal\" STANDARD DISCLAIMER: The Prophecy belongs to Gregory Widen and I'm not making any money from this. AUTHOR'S NOTE: Despite repeatedly e mailing The Powers That Be here on FFN, there is no category for the The Prophecy series of movies. So, I guess I'll post them here. I'd originally thought to include this scene in Birds of Prey , my fic in progress… but it seems to work better as a stand alone. Hope you enjoy it. \"I need you to fill out this form and then go stand in that line over there,\" Delores told the sullen young woman who stood before her. \"They can help you.\" ","Summary":" \"Renewal\" STANDARD DISCLAIMER: The Prophecy belongs to Gregory Widen and I'm not making any money"},{"Movie":"The Prophecy","Title":"What Did I Do?","Author":"Lucillia","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8080818","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The second that the weird guy who'd had her sitting on his lap while they shared her lunch a minute earlier asked \"Can you keep a secret?\" Mary knew that it was time to get the hell out of there... The angel Simon, who had been about to transfer the Dark Soul that he'd stolen from the dead soldier earlier, had instead found himself being handcuffed to a gurney and hauled into an ambulance by a Sheriff's deputy and an EMT who looked at him with disgust the entire time they did so. Rather than coming to take the soul like he'd thought she would, the little girl named Mary ran off screaming for her teacher who had yelled something about calling the cops before alerting the local authorities to Simon's presence. Humans were strange, and had odd customs. He'd apparently broken some sort of taboo without meaning to. Just what had he done wrong? He didn't have much time left in the world, and he needed to hide the soul he'd taken fast before Gabriel arrived. He turned to the deputy who was saying he was sick. He didn't know why the man was saying that though, since he was injured, not sick. \"Can you keep a secret?\" he asked. ","Summary":" The second that the weird guy who'd had her sitting on his lap while they shared her lunch a minute"},{"Movie":"The Prophecy","Title":"The Consequences of the Damned","Author":"butterfly-pieces","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7946181","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Timeline: After \"Uprising\" but before \"The Forsaken\", based on those two movies, mostly. Author's Note: It took me three days to piece this together, writing bits and pieces of it at work, but I did finish it at home and am super happy with it :-) I love this series and the relationship these two had (subtly). I hope I like it this much tomorrow :-P Allison has been having dreams of John for weeks now. They'd be easier to deal with if they were of her parents' death; of her brother; of the demon that had been trying to kill her. But, they aren't. They all involve John. He'd be in every corner of her dream, just watching her, smiling. She would be running for her life, lost and afraid, and there he'd be, just waiting. He never saved her, he never even tried; instead, he'd smile and continue to watch. What else could she expect from him? But, it's not what she expects, she realized one night, it's what she wants. She wants him to help her, to save her, to want to do those things; but that will never happen, will it? Those thoughts loomed inside her head for days and then the dreams got worse. He would lead her away from trouble – away from the fear – and into something worse. Him. He would hold her to him, her cheek resting on his chest and, instead of a heartbeat, she would hear a rumbling sound; it told her of danger, warned her that a storm was coming and that she was about to get caught in the middle of it. Whenever she tried to pull away, he would pin her against a wall – sometimes made of fire, sometimes of air, but they would both hurt the same. He would take her face in his hands, studying her, looking inside of her soul, and she would wonder if he wanted to rip it out and consume her essence. She always got her answer. He wanted to consume her. He'd kiss her and it would be unlike anything she has ever felt. She has been kissed before – college, school, the nasty bully from the playground – but this was something entirely different. It would burn her from the tip of her toes to the root of her hair; a wave would wash over her, a whirlwind of emotions would trap her and she would wish for both death and life with one single breath. It was the best kiss of her life...in the shape of a dream...from the devil himself. When she opens her eyes that morning, she's breathing hard, and her eyes find a small patch of light in the room – coming from her balcony – and she feels bare, her bedsheets barely covering her feet. She steadies her breath, ignores how her knees feel weak and how her lips feel raw – like they've recently been kissed and, in a way, they have. \"That's a problem.\" She jumps at the sound of his voice and rushes to the window to pull her drapes open, letting the light come into the room completely. He's there, sitting on the back of the chair, his feet on the chair itself, and it defies the very laws of gravity, but he's doing it. She doesn't care about that, though. Her mind is nowhere focused on that. \"Tell me about it,\" she responds tiredly, hands covering her chest, and she's thankful she decided to wear pajamas that were long-sleeved to bed, instead of her nightdress. He smiles, making her stomach churn, \"You're not surprised that I'm here?\" \"Should I be?\" she counters. She's almost used to him by now. He pops in, here and there, making sure she's still hiding the book and that she hasn't tried to kill herself...not that she would, but he doesn't seem to believe her. \"Why are you here?\" she adds, wondering, maybe even daring to hope... \"Guardian angels know where you tread...I know where your mind treads. Your greatest fears...your deepest...desires.\" He moves to stand on the chair and stands off it as if it was simply one step away from the floor. \"You can't desire me, Allison.\" She swallows, \"I don't.\" He quirks a brow, \"Lying. Another trait that belongs to me. It almost suits you.\" \"I don't want you,\" she repeats. \"You don't want me, either.\" He smiles, walking around the room, inspecting her drawings and some old pictures she's kept from her messed up childhood. \"I don't believe we're quite that close, Allison, for you to presume to know what I want or do not want.\" \"...then what do you want?\" He stops, turning to her, his face completely clear of all emotion, \"The end of the world, and of my sentence, as it were. But, for that, I require you monkeys to do as the prophecy dictates.\" Her eyes narrow, \"Is that all we are to you? Means to an end?\" He nods, unashamed, \"Yes. And you do it very well.\" \"So that is what I am to you.\" His lips curl up into a smile and she's reminded of Little Red Riding Hood and, more importantly, the wolf. He crosses the room towards her and it's just like in her dream. Her moves are automatic. She's retreating from his approach, but the wall meets her back and he's there, in front of her, personal space be damned. \"You are a fascinating little monkey,\" he touches her cheek with his nose as he speaks, moving his lips close to her ear. \"You are the product of a delectable tragedy of betrayal and murder. Your family belongs to me. Your dear traitor of a brother belongs to me. You, Allison, do not.\" That makes her heart skip a beat. His breath is tickling her cheek and she's trying to breathe steadily, but it's almost as if she's forgotten how. \"Why not?\" she manages to speak, unsure why she even asked that, considering she probably doesn't want to know. He pulls back his face, eyes gazing into hers, and he looks like he's thinking, but not about her question...no, he's thinking something else. The action is almost immediate. He pulls her face into a kiss and she's covering his hands with hers, before pulling him close and feeling like she's on fire. Her mind blanks and all she thinks is more. She forgets everything, everyone, even herself, and simply wants, wants and wants. Suddenly, hell isn't hell anymore. That's when she realizes her feelings are not her own. She's feeling his. And, eventually, she begins to feel warm and it burns, and she tastes smoke, pain and death. He pushes her away, causing her to stagger and fall to the floor. She's staring down, trying to collect herself from what just happened, and it takes her a moment to realize that she's actually crying. \"Allison.\" She looks up, tears still streaming without her permission. He's crouched in front of her, his face calm, but there's a hint of sadness in his eyes – one he'll never admit to. \"You cannot desire me,\" he repeats, \"because I am the Damned. You will burn with me and, if I take you like this, as you dream, there will be no ecstasy, only pain. Only the damned can withstand hell and call it pleasure.\" She nods, looking away, \"I understand.\" He reaches to catch a tear with his finger before pressing a thumb over her lips. She opens her mouth, slightly, remembering the smoky taste of his tongue. \"Why?\" \"What?\" She blinks at him, confused. \"Why love me?\" She stares at him, mouth open, \"I—I don't love you.\" \"Lying, Allison, you're not very good at it.\" He smiles, smug, \"Contrary to popular belief, I do not walk around the earth trying to bring forth a spawn of my own.\" He scoffs, \"I could not stand the competition, nor could a woman stand me. I have, however, kissed many monkeys – out of boredom, mostly. They usually go mad, run in fear or, my personal favorite, die. You, cry.\" \"I'm not trying to,\" she wipes her cheeks, but it won't stop. \"It just happened.\" Because, really, she doesn't want him to think she's crying because of him – she might be crying for him. \"Because your heart knows what your mind will not accept.\" She hates him for saying that. \"And they say I'm the root of all evil. That is a twisted torment, made by your God, don't forget that.\" She isn't likely to. \"But you will forget this,\" he stands up, fixing the lapels of his black trench coat. \"What?\" She looks up, moving to stand, still wiping a few tears here and there. \"What do you mean?\" \"You have a destiny, Allison, one you cannot be distracted from,\" he's serious, and he means it. \"You're not that important.\" But she's blushing and the idea of forgetting this kills her – even though it most certainly should not. \"Perhaps,\" he shrugs. \"...when,\" she asks, finally, knowing better than to fight him, not with this. Hell – pun intended – he's actually doing her a favor. \"It won't be long,\" he answers with little emotion, or concern. \"Any parting words?\" \"Yes,\" she says, finally. \"You asked me why.\" She goes over to the bed, sitting on the edge of it. \"I don't know,\" she answers in earnest. \"I know what you are. It scares me. It makes me wish I never met you, to wish I never knew everything, that if I could forget, I would forget everything. But...you've never hurt me, you've never lied to me, you've never told me to stop and, out of everything in my life, you're the only thing that's been constant. It's like I know you, even when I don't.\" His expressions haven't changed in the least, as if her words are something he's heard before, something that means so very little and, who knows, it probably does. At least she's stopped crying now. She looks down, waiting for it to happen. But, instead, she sees his shoes on the floor, right in front of her and feels his lips touching her head. \"I will see you on the other side, where you belong.\" Before she can ask him what that means, she's suddenly very tired and very sleepy. She's lying in her bed, someone is pulling the sheets to cover her and she's not sure of who or what, because all she can think of is sleep. The light disappears from her room and everything is soft and warm and safe. She doesn't dream of him anymore, after that. And when she opens her eyes, later that day, she's forgotten the dreams, the kiss and the words, but the feeling still lingers. The next time she asks him about what he wants, he lies. He pretends not to care. He pretends not to know. After all, isn't he the greatest liar of them all? ","Summary":" Timeline: After \"Uprising\" but before \"The Forsaken\", based on those two movies, mostly. Author"},{"Movie":"The Prophecy","Title":"What You're Told","Author":"NotMarge","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12272604","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I do not own The Prophecy. And I never, ever thought I'd be writing for it. What You're Told The little girl, the vessel, the hiding place, perched comfortably on the red-haired, soft-spoken angel's lap. Holding up to his lips an aluminum can of some sweet, syrupy drink she called 'coke'. He gazed at her as she hummed tunelessly to herself. She was beautiful. Innocent and untouched and beautiful. It was a pity that her purity, her soul must so be defiled, soiled. Simon would have felt a depthless sorrow in his angelic heart for the child. But he could not afford to. His God had called him to action. And to action he must go. Mary, she had said her name was. How very fitting. Named for the most revered and reviled of all women in human and fallen angelic history. Mary. Mother of Jesus. Called upon by God himself to carry out the most daunting and fearful task in all of mankind. To be a vessel, a safe place. To carry and keep hidden until due time, the human form of the Son of God. And now, two millennia later, another Mary. Called upon by one of His fallen heavenly host to do much the same. Only worse. To carry and keep hidden, the dark soul of the most vile human ever to walk the Earth. Gabriel wanted it. Simon had it. And Mary was going to keep it for him. It would be a terrible burden to bear. Simon, He Has Heard, carried it now within his weak, ailing form. With the heart and mind of an angel. And still it taxed him. The evil within. The whisperings. The murmurs. He contained it only by sheer force of angelic will. And knew the little girl was no match for it. But time was running short. Gabriel, God is My Strength, was coming. Coming for the soul. Coming for the war. Coming for Hell. And Simon knew he could not allow him to have it. Simon was ancient, a being out of time. And he was tired. Tired of his weak human form. That of a talking monkey, the other angels called the humans. Talking monkey. Simon had stood with his brothers, already in a turmoil, and watched the monkeys evolve higher. Reach out. And become more. He had watched God walk with them. Talk with them. Put His mark on them. Pour His love out upon them. And forgive them for atrocities He would never have forgiven an angel for. All they had to do was ask. Ask. And receive. And the second war in Heaven had raged. Against the talking monkeys. Against each other. Against God himself. It had gone on so long, He Has Heard didn't know who was right or wrong anymore. All he knew was God had told them to listen. And obey. Simon had tried to listen. He had tried to obey. Because he knew, by faith, that sometimes all there was to do was what you were told. No matter the questions. No matter the doubt. No matter the blood. God Is My Strength had usurped that command. Driven past it. All for his jealousy. His pride. His ego. And therein lay the Sin. Much like Lucifer, the Bringer of the Dawn. Once loved. Once cherished. But not so much as the humans. And, unable to regulate himself to that fact. Now at odds. At war. The Bringer of the Dawn. God is My Strength. Both willing to burn down Heaven for their own hubris. And it was now up to He Has Heard. And the child. To stop it. Okay then. Now I've written for The Prophecy. Uh, yep. *bewildered* Well, then, everybody appreciates feedback. Leave a review if you like. ","Summary":" I do not own The Prophecy. And I never, ever thought I'd be writing for it. What You're Told The li"},{"Movie":"The Prophecy","Title":"Only in Dreams","Author":"butterfly-pieces","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7946176","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Timeline: Begins at the end of \"Uprising\" and then follows through with \"Forsaken\". So, spoilers for both movies are a duh, especially since I used quotes from them. Author's Note: I love the Prophecy series, but these two movies, even if they have nothing to do with the first three, are fascinating to me because of Allison's relationship with John. Fine, it's not much of a relationship, but what makes it so fascinating is the fact that it is between the lines, it's in their looks and words, less than their actions. I love tortured romances like that. The ones you feel, even if you don't quite see. John/Satan: Remember, there are still so many out there that despise you. And your kind. Allison: Why? John/Satan: Because of what you are. And more than that, what you might yet become. Allison: What about you? Do you despise me? Allison no longer dreams of things that make no sense and would fit some amusing episode of strange occurrences. Her dreams make too much sense now, reminding her of what she has lived and what she'll continue to live until she dies. She now knows who is responsible for the death of her real parents — her brother, whom she never truly knew she had until that final moment, when she killed him in order to free him from the demon that had possessed his mind. Now, she's the guardian of the Lexicon, a book that holds the secrets of Heaven and Hell, and every night the torment of that burden is there in her dreams. But, then there are nights when the torment is eased by something better... something worse. Sometimes, she dreams of him. \"Hello, Allison,\" he speaks, his voice so seductive and so full of darkness, you can only walk into it without knowing where you're going — feeling only what he wants you to feel. She's wearing a white dress — it's always a white dress — and he's dressed in black, his eyes not nearly as dark, glittering with a silver that should be white, but isn't. He holds out a hand to her and the whole room is illuminated with the brilliance of a ballroom. She doesn't know where the music comes from, but it is there and, somehow, he makes her dance with him. Somehow, he makes her fly. She should hate herself for dreaming of John in this way — for having the Devil in those thoughts, but it's the only time she does sleep and doesn't wake up with tears in her eyes and a scream still fresh in her throat. He's always tender in her dreams, never needing to speak, and he torments her with kisses that burn every inch of her skin, but they never quite kill her, as she knows they would. The first night she dreamt of his kiss, she woke up retching and running to the bathroom. It's a common reaction from someone who just dreamt of kissing the Devil. It reminds her of his last words to her, \"Pleasant dreams,\" and it makes her wonder how much of that touch was meant to remind her of her burden with the Lexicon, and how much of it was to remind her of him. John/Satan: You look remarkably stylish for a marked woman. How are we sleeping these nights? Allison: Sleep's not real big on my to-do list right now. John/Satan: Demagogues, martyrs, schizophrenics... they all tend to run toward insomnia. He knows of her dreams, has been witness to them many a night, and he found them amusing at first, but the more they progressed, the more dangerous his feelings became. He can't allow himself to feel, not ever. He is well aware how his Father tends to work in mysterious ways. Allison is not your common monkey, but the daughter of a monkey and an angel, not that she's aware of that. It turns her into a curiosity — a distraction, at best — one he cannot hesitate to manipulate for the sake of his own agenda. Yet how she looks into him — her dreams fresh in her eyes — makes him wonder if she would survive a kiss from his lips. It should disgust him, not amuse him, but, in the end, it intrigues him, the only way a kiss could. Would she burn to a cinder? Would she scream in agony once she feels all that he is? Or could she survive it? He doesn't take the chance. He truly has no mind for it, much too familiar with the realms of curiosity, and how it usually is the one thing that has monkeys falling on his doorsteps like the wayward sheep of the fallen. Allison: I need you to help me. John/Satan: Are you sure? Allison: You helped me the last time. John/Satan: I protected you from one of my own for my own reasons. That's all. Allison: I thought... John/Satan: [interrupts] A word of advice: Don't ever assume you know my motives. Ever. The anger that runs through her veins reminds her that she is alone in this, after all. There are angels trying to kill her — trying to find the Lexicon — and not even the Devil himself will help her. She had been a fool to think... but her dreams gave her that false sense of hope. The dreams gave her a torturous familiarity with the scent of his neck, the taste of his lips, and the strange glitter in his eyes, which exist only in that realm of her mind. What else would make her believe he had a heart? Why else would she ever wish he did? Allison: [talking to herself] It's a nightmare. A crazy dream. Any minute you're going to wake up, Allison. You're going to wake up and this whole thing is gonna be over. John/Satan: Careful, Allison. People might think you're crazy. [looking out around the park] I love this park. Perverts and lunatics everywhere. I'm like a kid in a candy store. Allison: Something tells me you're not out here trawling for new recruits. John/Satan: Who knows? Maybe I'm trawling for you. He could end it now. He could enter the game by ending the chase and making Stark lose all hope of ever getting the Lexicon. John can't touch it — he won't — because the game is much more interesting when others move the pieces for him. It's the same strategy his Father uses. But he knows Allison's time is coming to an end. She'll no longer be an interesting piece on the board. She'll no longer entertain him with dreams or taunt him with the idea of a kiss, and the breath inside that kiss. It's all coming to an end, and he could save her for himself, or he could allow her to be released where she belongs. It's not a decision he should have to make. After all, we all know what happened the last time he made a decision like this, and look where it got him. When Allison dies and the pages of the Lexicon fly all around the town, John knows he has won, for the last page of Revelations is now lost and no angel will be able to end the world before its time — before he can claim what is his, before the big game truly begins. John has also won something else. The Devil's not supposed to dream, but as her soul vanished into the one realm he can never go back to, she left behind her dreams and, now, he has them for himself. He'll never know if she could've borne his lips on hers or if her body would've trembled and broken under his, but what he does have are her dreams. That, he'll keep for himself, and only his Father will know the Devil's burden — the burden of a man, and the sickness of the damned. ","Summary":" Timeline: Begins at the end of \"Uprising\" and then follows through with \"Forsaken\". So, spoiler"},{"Movie":"Just Like Heaven","Title":"As long as I feel you Troyella Story","Author":"Greatiiiiii","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4216692","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Me & Him..and then we met... My name is Gabriella Montez. Most of my friends call me Ella. I'm 17 years old. I'm the cheerleadercaptain & I'm going to be Prom queen. But all I really want to be is a normal Girl, a geek, a friend, a helper. Last year my dad died by having a car accident. I miss him. He was my best friend. Since he died I want to become a doctor. No one should die too young..that's my Motto. I want to do anything which is impossible in this world to help people. Because of that I am going to be a nurse in Summer vacation. I will help...will change the world. It's Monday Morning, 31th of June. ''Gabriella! Wake up!'', my mum yells. ''In one hour you have to be at the hospital!'' My first day as a nurse will begin in one hour. I can't wait! I jump up. ''Be right there!'' I yell back. I put on my clothes get ready & run downstairs. My mother is standing in the kitchen holding my bread in the right and my milkcoffee in the left hand. ''Morning Mom!'' I kiss her cheek and take a big sip from my coffee. ''Morning Hun!'', she smiles. I don't see her that often smiling since..dad.. ''You're ready?'', she asks. Well if you think of nervous, scared, tired, exited, hyper, sad, happy & all that in the same time by saying ready then yes I am. ''Ttly ready!!'' I smile. She's so worried about me.. Some time later I leave the house & drive to the hospital. I go inside. I fallow the shields to the 'office'. ''Excuse me,'' I begin, '' my name's Gabriella Montez! I'm the summernurse.'' ''Montez? Is your dad named Jack?'' The boss asks. '' uhm..yes'' Maybe I should join that he was named Jack..but in my heart he still is. ''Wow! Jack worked here when he was in college! The time is running! How is he? Still making his fabulous meals?'' The boss smiles. I never knew that my dad worked here.. ''Yes..he had his own restaurant...but he died last year. He got into a carcrash..'' I'm tearing up..I feel it..Some minutes more & my tears will roll down. The boss turns white, his lovely smile changes into a weak one: ''I'm sorry Gabriella'' he says finally. ''It's okay...'' I try to smile but I can't. ''Code Red!!'' Somebody screams. ''Code Red?! What's that?'', I ask the boss as we run out the office. ''Planeaccident!'' he replays. 10's of busses arrive with lot's of casualities. ''Gabriella! Check out that one please!'' The boss(Doctor Hopcins) points to a car. What the heck?! But I..I have tons of questions but the doctor is at an other car already. ''Okay'' I say to the paramedics as I turn around. ''A boy'' the one medic begins ''identity unknown. Age around 18 insensible & coma. Blood group A positive.'' ''Station 2b, room 419.'' I replay..The paramedics do it. I have no clue what I just said but it looks like it was right. I fallow the medics to the room. The boy is at the machines. He looks so desperate & scared but still beautiful. He's alone. At the moment..he doesnt excist..does he?! ''Good work Miss Montez!'' says Doc. Hopcins as he walks in the room. ''Good work?!'' I start yelling. ''you just left me even..'' I notice the boy's puls running, he's hyper..nervous. I grab his hand & strike it softly. The puls gets normal again. Doctor Hopcins stares at the monitor not believing what just happened. ''You can bet Mister, this is so not over!'' I whisper. The doc leaves the room. ''Hey!'' I say..in the room because no one is there who I could talk too..except for the boy. ''I'm Gabriella'' I continue. ''But you can call me Ella. All friends call me that.'' I can't believe I'm talking to a boy who is in coma.. My beaper starts beaping. ''Oh I gotta go...but I will come back!'' I have Lunchbreak...I search Doctor Hopcins. ''He's at the coffeeshop over there!'' a nurse tells me pointing to a cafe over the street. I go outside..suddenly I feel a cold wind..I move...exactly in that moment a car is driving across the place I stood before..What the heck was that?! I go inside the coffeeshop ''Outside or here?'' I ask the boss. ''Here I guess..'' he answeres. ''Fine!'' I start yelling again. ''You left me even when this is my first day & I'm just a summer nurse & I was half crying because of my dad &...'' ''Well you know..'' The boss stays calmed. ''Don't you dare to interrup me!'' ''Sorry..'' ''Gosh why are you so calmed anyway?!'' This doc is driving me crazy! ''Because, Gabriella, this boy...he trusts you! As you grabed his hand he chilled! I mean that was magical!'' he replays. ''Magical?! You are crazy! I mean ttly sick! He just calmed because he felt someone caring! I'm nice! I show him that he isn't alone! I can't believe you are allowed to operate people, Psycho!'' Oh my Gosh! I never was so mad in my Life! ''Believe me, Gabriella! Something will happen..'' I guess he will fire me every minute! ''Like I said: Psycho!'' But thats no reason for me to get nice again! I mean I'm an awesome nurse and if he wants to fire me then its his own bad. I don't eat..I'm too mad for that right now..I go back to the boy. ''I'm back!'' I say smiling when I enter the room. SurpriseSurprise: No answer! I sigh.. ''Wow you know what?!'' I start ''when I wanted to go to the coffeeshop across the hospital I felt this cold wind even when there are like 30 degrees outside so I moved and exactly in that moment a car drives above the place I stood before!'' Omg..I feel crazy..am I crazy?! ''Yeah I know..'' a voice says. Yes I am crazy! ''What the fuck?!'' I scream and jump up from my chair...the boy's puls is running like hell...but I can't grab his hand now..I'm too scared..a team of doctors & nurses come in the room. ''It's too late!'' The one nurse says. ''You're right! He won't do it..'' A doctor replays. ''Do something!'' its the voice again. ''I won't die.'' Did the voice just said I?! I look around the room. I can't see anyone except for the doctors & nurses. ''Please I won't...'' Yes the voice says definatly I! Gosh, Gabriella how could you?! I lost my Motto..no one should die too young and this boy is obviously too young! I push the nurses out of my way. I grab the boy's hand and strike his forcehead. ''Sh..'' I say to him. All people stars from me to the monitor, from the monitor to me. I'm still holding his hand till his puls gets normal again. ''Miss Montez! How do you make..'' a doctor asks me. ''Just leave please.'' I answer. They all leave. ''Thank you'' the voice says. ''Listen!'' I don't yell, '' if this boy wouldn't nearly die everytime I yell than I would believe me! But he does so your Luck! If that should be any kind of joke than you should know, it is not funny! And I want to know who plays that joke!'' ''No joke!'' The voice says. ''Than can't you show you?!'' All of Sudden there is a boy. And not any boy! Its the boy who is laying in the bed! I want to scream..but I can't..there's no air to scream. ''What are you?!'' ''A boy?'' The boy says. ''Yes! I noticed! I mean who are you?!'' ''I dont know!'' he replays..he sounds really nervous and scared. ''Can't you just lay down in..this body next to me?!'' He does so. ''And??'' I ask. ''Nothing!'' Gosh this is just a dream Ella! You'll wake up every minute!..Hopefully.. I look at the clock. It's 6 pm. 6 pm?! That late?! ''I gotta go!'' I say. ''Okay!'' he answers. I turn around looking at him ''You are coming with me of course!'' ''Oh I am?!'' He looks confused. Hes following me out the hospital and into my car. Some minutes later we are at my house. ''Mom Im home!'' I yell as I enter the house and smile comforting at the boy. ''Hello Ella!'' my mom kisses my cheek. We go upstairsme&the; boy. ''So why cant my mom see you?'' I ask. ''I'm a soul..your heart sees me..!'' he answers. ''Kinda scary...so whats your name?'' I smile at him. ''Uhm..to be honest idk!'' ''Well..I'm going to say some names alright? Maybe its yours.'' Did you ever talked to a soul?! It isnt easy! Its pretty difficult..I mean you cant hug him or her when shes sad or stuff and then he dont know anything about himself..theres not even a little guess who he is. ''Sounds good'' the boy says. ''What about..Lucas?'' I start. The boy shakes his head. ''Hm..Brandon?'' ''No!'' ''Jake?'' ''Nope!'' 20 names later: ''Zac?'' ''Wait..Zac..my Names Zac..hey Im Zac..Zac thats me..nice to meet you Im Zac..'' ''Zac?'' I ask again. ''No..!'' he says. ''Urgh!'' I scream in my pillow... 30 names later: ''My minds are blanc!'' The boy laughs ''then take a break.'' 1 hour laterwe were just talking and stuff ''Hey what about Troy?! I like this name since ages its so..'' ''Troy!'' the boy interrups..thanks god..otherwise I was going to tell my whole lifestory about that one name.. ''Thats it! My name is Troy! Troy Alexander!'' ''Awesome!'' I kinda yell. '' So do you have a last name?? Or a name from your parents or from a friend, or your school name or the name of you town or...'' ''Okay Gabriella stop right here!!'' ''Sorry'' ''Jesus! I dont know anything about me! Nobody knows me! I mean I am ttly..'' he answers. ''Alright, now you stop right here Troy!..I know you and I promise we will work that out..together.'' I smile at him. Gosh do you know this feeling when you want to give someone the biggest hug ever?!..I have this feeling right now and its killing me that I just cant.. ''Thank you Gabs..'' he smiles too. Gabs..I never heard that name. All people call me Ella or Gabriella..Gabs is new..but I like it..it sounds familiar... ''Earth to Gabriella, you're there??'' I snap out. Troy waves his hand in front of me. ''Right here!'' I replay with a grin. ''Great'' Troy smiles. I never noticed how good-looking he is...well I mean I know hes beautiful but man hes hot!! I mean he looks so normal.. ''Gabriella!!'' Troy sorta yells. I snap out again: ''What?! You know you liked it..'' I replayed with a grin. ''Stop grinning!'' he laughs. ''Fine!'' I answer. ''Fine!'' he grins. ''Urgh!'' I laugh and go in the bathroom. I take a bath. ''Hey Gabs! What about a movie?'' Troy screams suddenly..when he enteres the bath now hes gonna die..then Im gonna kill him! ''Sure! I'd like that!'' I yell back..can he take the DvD btw?! I get out off the bath wrapped in a towel. ''What movie would you like to watch?!'' I ask. ''What a..''he turns around ''uhm..what..uhm..'' ''What?!'' I look at him confused. OMG! No that doesnt really just happened did it?! OMG! Please not! ''Uhm you..you are..uhm..'' I look down on me..OMG it happened..the towel fell down how embarassing! I blush like hell. ''Uhm..hah..be right back!'' I rush in the bath with all my clothes. Omg! I wont go out off this bathroom! Never! ''Gabriella come on now!'' Troy yells. No way! I lock the door. I cant look at him now..Omg! He just saw me like naked! Im never gonna open that door again! ''Gabs?'' he stands in front of me all of sudden. ''What the heck?! How did you came in here Troy?!'' ''I'm a soul..you know walking threw walls and stuff'' he answers. I blush again.. ''You're nervous?'' he asks. Nervous? Embarassed, awkward, shy, red, tired, annoyed would be better! ''Kinda..'' I answer with a red head..really red. ''Why?!'' he asks again. Hello?! Is your brain not working? You just saw me naked! Thats pretty embarassing! ''Uhm..you just saw me naked..'' ''Thats all?!'' ''All? I think thats enough!''I'm still blushed. ''Gabs chill..its not like your dieing now..'' Pff! You have clues! I am gonna die! Yes definatly! ''You're right!'' I answer. ''And moreover you looked really hot!'' Troy grins. ''Urgh! Get out off here Troy!'' I say. ''Anything for you Gabs!'' he smiles & leaves. Pf! He dont even should think that I like him! Cause I dont! I get change and go back in my room. ''And what movie are we watching?'' ''I thought of Just like Heaven?!'' he answers. Just like Heaven is Just like our situation lol ''Yeah awesome! I like that movie!'' I smile & put the DvD in the DvDrecorder. After some time I yawn...gosh Im dead tired! ''Hey Gabs, your okay?'' Troy asks..aw hes so cute! Hes caring..Gabriella stop that! ''Yeah..just tired!'' ''Then you may sleep?!'' he says ''Yep I will...Night Troy!'' I smile and fall asleep.. ... Next Morning I wake up in painc. ''Troy?'' I ask cause no one seems to be there. No answer. ''Troy!'' Now Im yelling. I run downstairs in the kitchen. I find a note. ''Ella.. I left for work. I'll be back around 8 pm. Have a nice day! Love, Mom xx Ps, Dinner is in the oven!'' I lay it back on the table. ''TROY! Get your ass back now!'' Still no answer. I go in the bathroom and get ready. 1 hour later: I'm worried. I should drive to the hospital..yes I will. Maybe it was all just a dream?! Gosh what the heck?! Concentrate Ella! I'm ready. I've to eat but I can't..My stomach hurts..Im so nervous.. Why? Idk.. ''Troy?'' I ask again. Theres still no answer. I 'spected that. I get in my car. I take my cell out. ''Heather?'' I ask when my Bff answers my call. ''Omg! Ella!!'' She screams. ''Wow, chill! How's Spain?'' I try to sound happy.. ''Awesome!'' she screams again. ''I'm glad you like it Hunnie!'' ''Hows your job? I mean the hospitalthing?'' she finally starts to calm. ''Gabs...Gabriella..watch out please..'' I pull over & stop the car. Right after I did so a little girl grabs for a ball which is under my car..OMG! I nearly killed a child! ''What the fuck?! Troy!'' I scream. ''Ella? Hey are you alright? Who's Troy? Gabriella?'' she sounds worried. ''What yeah Im fine..I'll call you later!'' ''Uhm okay!'' Heather & me hang up. ''God Troy!'' ''Are you here?! TROY!'' I yell again. I start my car and drive to the hospital. When I come in everybody starres at me ''Miss Montez! What are you doing here? It's your free day.'' a nurse says. I stop: ''Yeah I gotta visit someone!..btw the boy without identity is named Troy.'' The nurse looks at me confused: ''What?!'' ''Uhm never mind..'' I walk to Troys room..I knock...surprisingly there is no anwer -.- I open the door & go in. ''Troy?'' I ask..''Troy?'' No reaction.. I walk over to the bed. ''Hey!'' I smile as I take his hand & lean over. ''Please come back..'' I whisper. ''Why back?! I'll always be beside you Gabs!'' I turn around. ''Troy! Where were you?'' ''Here & there..'' he smiles. ''Come on! I wanna show you something!'' He leaves the room & I fallow him. ''Where are we going?'' ''Just fallow Gabs!'' ''But I can't just fallow!'' I answer. Troy stand still & looks in my eyes.. ''Trust me Gabriella..'' he says ''Urgh..Fine I'll fallow!'' I finally say. We walk to a park.. ''Lay down with me..'' Troy says as he lays down in the grass. I lay next to him...even tho I hate grass o.O ''Look there!'' Troy points to the sky. ''I never noticed how wonderful it is...I wonder if you'll be there..after you die..because when I die then I want to be there..in heaven..just in heaven..'' ''Troy stop that! You wont die!'' ''I dont know Gabs..'' ''You wont!'' I replay as I roll over to him so I can see his face. ''Well..'' he starts & still starring in the sky ''...I dont know..I just know that when Im not with you it feels like..no it is like I'm not extisting..but when Im with you...'' ''..it feels quite normal?'' I ask. He turns his face to mine ''Exactly!'' I smile. '' You wont die!'' ''Maybe I am already its just..'' ''You wont die Troy!'' I interrupt. He smiles ''Your right! I wont die..as long as..'' I grab his hand and let my fingers run threw it..I continue ''I feel you..'' Hope you like it. This was like the first Chapter. Watch out for the next one) With much Love, Amilia Btw. Add my Youtubeaccount) /Greatiiiiii[Chapter 2] It's been one Month now since I met Troy… It'snbeen one Month now since I met Troy… It'snpretty chill… we hang out a lot…just like friends. Mostnof the time we make stupid jokes… I guess he's way smarter thannme cause I don't understand his jokes / or maybe he's justnperv?! Idk lol Anyway,nno Troy didn't woke up yet.. well let's say Troy's body didn'tnwoke up yet ButnI don't care about that he's my best friend anyway Sonschool started about 3 hours ago & I'm in Math lesson rightnnow. FunnFun Fun … LuckilynTroy sits beside me… that makes Math kinda great haha 6nhours later I'mnabout to drive to the hospital… Troynis idk where… he's supposed to be with me but he isn't… weirdnlol Inenter the hospital… ''HellonGabriella!'' \"HeynElizabeth!'' Elizabethnis Troy's doctor.. she is awesome, she would never ever give up onnTroy I love her for that haha \"Soncan I see him?'' \"Ofncourse go ahead..btw me & Doctor Hopcins would like to talk tonyou after you visited him..!'' \"Ohnalright I'll be there!\" I smile and enter Troy's room. \"HeynSunshine..!'' I kiss his cheek... every time I call him that it'snlike hes softly smiling… Inopen the windows and turn on the CDplayer. He loves \"Breathe\" bynMichelle Branche… Intake his hand and strike it… his hands are unbelievable soft.. Everyntime I'm with Troy I lose track of time… he makes me different Inguess… idk when I'm with him my heart beats like hell and thatnfeels awesome… I couldn't even imagine life without Troy… Thendoor swings open \"Gabriella?nYou've been hear for nearly 2 hours... may you come over to mynoffice?\" Doctor Hopcins asks. \"Ohnexcuse me! Yep I'll be right there!\" \"Fine.\"nHe leaves. \"Gottango Sunshine, I'll be back later!'' I kiss his cheek again andnleave the room. Ingo to Hopcins office. \"Hello!\"nI smile \"Gabriella,nnice to see you again ! Take a seat!'' He says as he points to anchair across his desk. \"Thanknyou!\" I take the seat next to Elizabeth… \"Wow you guys look sonworried, what's up?\" I smile \"Gabriella..\"nElizabeth starts \"Yeah?nWhat's wrong I'm getting worried as well!\" I answer DoctornHopcins continues \" Well Gabriella we have to tell you somethingnabout him..\" \"Whatnis it?\" I'm scared \"Henis still in coma as you know…\" Elizabeth says \"YesnI do know that...and?\" \"Maybensince he's not gonna wake up..\" Doctor Hopcins explains Tearsnrolling down my cheeks \"Nonsave it!\" I kinda yell \"Inknow him! I know Troy and he will wake up!'' \"Troy?\"nElizabeth looks confused \"Youncan't do that!\" \"ButnGabriella he's still in coma & has no family or friends exceptnfor you who visit him... and its hopeless\" \"Howndare you saying its hopeless huh? I thought you're a doctor! Anhuman! What would you do when it would be your son or your bestnfriend! Would you kill him then too?\" \"ButnGabriella we don't kill him we just let him go...\"nElizabeth says \"You!nI thought you wouldn't give up on him! I thought you would help himntill he wakes up! But I guess I was wrong!\" I cry hardly...nI don't want to lose Troy! He's my everything! I need him… Instand up, I'm about to go! I don't want to listen to this… \"Gabriella,nwe'll make it tomorrow around 12 pm… perhaps you want to saynGoodbye…\" Doctor Hopcins explains Inglare at them and leave the room. PfnGoodbye! Is he serious?! They can't take Troy away from me… Ingo up to his room again… \"HinSunshine!\" I smile at him Inwon't lose him…I just don't want that I'mnlost without him! \"Troy?\" \"Wtf,ndid you knew that the Nurse Maria sleeps with Doctor Johnsen?!\" Instart laughing \"How do you know that?\" \"Wellnwhen you called me I was some rooms away so I thought I just go threwnthe walls so I'm here quick… but then when I was about to walknthrew the …….. I saw them doing it! That was rly awkward!\" Inlaugh even harder \"Believenme that was not funny!\" he says \"Sorry!\"nI try to hide laughing \"Laughnit out!\"nhe said as I burst out laughing Marian& Doctor Johnsen that's the weirdest couple ever lol SuddenlynI stop… urgh I need to tell him uf04c \"Troy…\" \"Gabs…\" \"Theynmake you leave…\" \"What?nGabs I would never leave you... Promise!\" \"Butnthey make you leave Troy!\" \"Howndo you mean that?!\" \"Theynsaid you won't wake up…\" \"Younmean like…\" \"I'mnso sorry…\" I start crying again \"Gabriellandon't cry\" he smiles \"Don'tnleave me Troy!... I I need you…!\" \"AndnI need you Hun… I won't leave you…\" \"Butnhow can you be that sure…\" I'm still crying… \"BecausenI..I love you Gabriella!\" \"Troy,nI lo….\" I begin as the door swings open \"OHnMY GOD! Baby!\" a blonde girl rushs over to the bed \"Excusenme? Who are you?\" I'm confused…baby?! \"Ohnsorry my name is Sharpay Evans! I'm Troy's Girlfriend!\" \"SHEnIS WHAT?!\" Troy yells \"I don't even remember that girl…she'sna stranger to me!\" \"Younare his Girlfriend?\" I ask as the girl nods. \"Yeahnand we were so worried about him because we didn't hear anythingnabout him and…\" \"Waitnwho is we?\" I ask \"Ohnme, my brother, his best friend & his family of course!\" thengirl answers as she points to some ppl talking to the Doctor. \"Excusenme? My name is Gabriella Montez..you are Troy's family?\" I asknthem \"Yesnthey are! That's my mom Lynette and that's my dad Jack and looknover there that's Chad we are best friends since primary school!\"nTroy answers for them \"Mynname is Jack Bolton...I am Troy's dad! Wow we just found yourninternetsite! Thank you!\" \"Henwas welcome!\" I smile at Troy…he smiles back \"ButnMister Bolton, we need to tell you something!\" Doctor Hopcins voicensounds so sad…My Tears start rolling again \"Ohnyes? What is it?\" Mister Bolton asks. \"Maynyou take a seat Sir!\" the Doc says pointing to a bench… Incan't listen to that once again… I leave Indecide to take a walk… \"Gabs?\" Inturn around \"Troy…\" \"InI didn't know I had a Girlfriend…\" \"Nonit's alright..you have your buds & Girlfriend…we should justnstop that all..I live my life & you live yours…\" \"Gabriellanyou know it isn't that easy since they'll turn off the machinesntomorrow…and..and even if they didn't Gabs…the only person Inwould ever be with is you! Cause I really meant it…I love you!\" \"Yeah,nsee Troy I guess I should leave now…\" a tear rolls down my cheek…nthis is the hardest thing I ever had to do…just act & pretend Indon't love him… \"Gabriella!\"nHe kinda jumps in front of me…\"Say it!\" \"Saynwhat?\" \"Younwere about to say it back when we were in the hospital room!\" \"NonI wasn't!\" \"Younwere…please say it!\" \"I…I can't Troy!\" \"Why?\" \"Because…sayingnit, makes it feel real & I don't want it to feel real…\" \"Whyndon't you want that?\" \"Becausenyou'll leave me!\" I cry again…urgh I hate crying \"Heynforgot my promise?! I'll always be there...right here next to you!\"nHe says looking in my eyes \"Incan't Troy…I'm sorry!\" I turn around and start walking \"Gabi!\" Inrun…I run as quick as I can…run for my life…try to forget everynthing … try to forget I ever met him try to forget I love him trynto forget he exists… Justnevery thing Inenter my house \"Gabriellanyou're finally home, I was…\" Infall on the ground crying I just can't take that I I..I love him… \"Gabi,nHun what's wrong?\" My mom rushs over to me and hugs me \"Nothingnthanks I'm fine!\" \"Gabriella?\" Ingo up the stairs in my room Inlay down in my bed…suddenly my cell rings \"Yeah?\" \"Hellonis that Gabriella Montez?\" \"Yeahnthat's me, who are you?\" \"Thisnis Chad Danforth! Troy's best friend! Can we meet?\" \"Uhh…I'mnnot sure about that Chad\" \"PleasenI rly need to talk to him!\" \"What? Him? You mean Troy? But…\" \"Nonbuts…you knew his name before we told you and moreover I saw yournlooks…you looked at the wall and smiled like hell…Its rlynunbelievable but you see him don't you?\" OMG! I'm going tonjell! They'll call me crazy! OMG! \"NO!nI don't!\" \"PleasenGabriella…he's my best friend…and he'll die tomorrow!\" \"I..uh..fine!\" \"Thanknyou so much! Meet me in 10 minutes at the hospital!\" \"Yeah,ngot it!\" I hang up Incan't believe I'm actually doing this! I wanted to get over him! …….10nminutes later at the hospital \"Hey!\" \"HellonChad!\" \"Soooooo…he'snhere?\" \"Nonhe isn't!\" \"Uh…cannyou call him or anything?\" \"Yeahnhold on…TROY! Get your butt here or else I'm gonna kick it!\" \"Wownyou rly like him huh?\" Chad said sarcastically \"ActuallynI rly do yes!\" \"Huh?\" \"Alrightnthere he comes!\" \"Gabi? I thought you wanted to forget?\" Troys confused \"Wellnyes but Mister Bananahead wanted to talk to you!\" \"Excusenme? I'm still in the room!\" Chad says \"Sadly you are, yes!\"nI answer cold Chadnglances at me \" So can he hear me?\" \"Nonhe cant Chad he's deaf\" \"Ohnalright…\" Inroll my eyes \"Of course he can hear you!\" \"Ohhhhh!nGot it…good joke!\" \"Yeah,njust talk so I can leave!\" I sound annoyed I don't want to soundnlike that but I just do.. \"Stopnbeing mean I rly can't help I gotta leave, Gabs!\" Troy saysncalmed \"Well and I can't help being mad & upset aboutnthat!\" I start to yell \"Yeah how do you think I feel huh?!\" \"Idk!nYou never tell me bout your feelings!!\" \"What?!nI told you anything!\" \"Well you left the girlfriend part out!\" \"GabriellanI didn't remembered her!\" \"Yeahnof course you didn't!\" \"Whynare you mad at me now? I didn't do anything!\" \"Yesnyou did!\" \"Yeahnand what? What did I do?\" Now he yells as well \"YOUnMADE ME LOVE YOU!!\" Instart crying… \"Gabi…\" \"No!nNonGabi! No Gabs! No Hun! NothingnTroy! Save it! I don't wanna hear it! You'll leave me and therenis nothing I can do about it! And that makes me even more sad! And Incan't stop loving you! As hard as I try I just can't! So shut thenhell up with your Gabs-thing because it only makes it harder fornme!!\" Incry hard really hard last time I cried like that was when my dadndied... Chadnrushs over to me and hugs me \"Arenyou okay Gabriella?\" he asks \"I'mnperfectly fine yes\" Troy just stands there shocked and looks likenhes gonna cry every minute when he suddenly leaves. Inguess that's the goodbye... Insmile at Chad thankfully and leave the hospital... Indrive...idk where i just drive. Withoutnhim ... I'm lost Thanksnfor reading Guys Pleasenr & r3 NextnChapter will be online soon Withnmuch Love & GiGi's, Amilianxx3:[Chapter 3] Thenone... Afternabout 10 minutes driving I see someone... its a girl I think I knownher wait wtf is that Sharpay? Inget out of my car when I see Sharpay kissing a boy \"Whatnthe fuck, Sharpay?!\" \"Oh hey Gabriella!\" she smiles \"Younare his girlfriend!\" \"Ohncmon he had been gone for nearly 4 months! Did you actually thought Inwould wait for him I mean I never thought we would find him, andnthey'll turn off the machines so hes dead tomorrow anyway ...oh btwnthat's Andrew!\" she smiles at the guy next to her \"ListennEvans, and listen good! You fucking had the best boy you could findnon earth and you fucking didnt care for him! And youre a bitch a realnbitch! How dare you saying hes dead tomorrow? God Sharpay you fuckingndont deserve him! I hate you!\" Inget back in my car and drive to the hospital. Ingo in Troy's room & sit next to him. I grab his hand and strokenit... I fall asleep a few minutes later. -Nextnmorning- \"MissnMontez?\" I wake up in panic...\"Huh? Oh sorry...what is it?\" \"It'sn11.45 am\" the nurse says giving me the worried look \"What..whatnabout his parents?\" \"They were here an hour ago they didntnwanted to wake you up...\" the nurse says still looking at me \"Mhm..\"nis all I can say \"Arenyou alright, Miss Montez?\" \"Yes I am fine...can you just younknow leave me alone?\" \"Ofncourse Miss!\" The nurse leaves \"Troy...InI dont know what to say...you leave me speechless. Younknow Troy I dont know how I'm supposed to live without you... yourenthe one whos my best friend, the one who makes me feel better, thenone whos always there for me, the one who scares the shit out of menwhen you're sick, the one who means the world to me... WhatnI'm trying to say is...you're the one for me...the one. Inlove you Troy. I love you so much. I need you so much. I want you sonmuch. I'll miss you so much. I'll never forget you Troy...never!\"nI lean over and kiss him sweetly on the lips...a tear of mine rollsndown on his cheek. \"GoodbyenTroy.\" I try to pull my hand back. But i cant . Not that I dontnwant to no...its just that I cant...he holds it -TROYSnPOV- Flashbacks HeynI'm Gabriella but you can call me Ella... Listen if this boynwouldnt die everytime I yell I would...Hey what about Troy? Inlike that name sincenages its so...I know you and I promise we'll work this outntogether...As long asnI feel you...dont leave me Troy I need you...You made me lovenyou...you're the one...i love younso much-- Endnof Flashbacks I'mnnot going to let her go...I need her -GABISnPOV- Omg!nGabi are you dreaming?! He squeezes my hand for sure! \"Troy..cannyou hear me? Troy wake up sunshine...\" -NONES POV- Troynslowly opens his eyes...he looks next to him to see a cryingnGabriella with closed eyes whos holding his hand in hers \"PleasenTroy wake up...please dont leave me\" she says crying not openingnher eyes afraid he isnt breathing anymore... \"I'mnnot going to leave you...I promised.\" He says weak and carefullynbut for her its the most amazingst thing anyone had said to her..herneyes shot open Shensmiles \"Troy!\" Hensmiles back..\"Gabriella!\" She finally realizes hes awake \"OMG!nTROY!\" Henlaughs \" Right here and not going to leave!\" The door swingsnopen \"MissnMontez its about Time!\" the nurse walks in fallowed by DoctornHopcins and Elizabeth. \"Hello..I'mnTroy Bolton\" Troy says taking his hand up Thendoctors just gasp \" You are awake?!\" they say at the same time \"Obviouslynyes.\" He smiles at Gabi she smiles back at him leaning over andnkisses his cheek--... Thanksnfor reading / Next one will be up soon Pleasenreview) MuchnLove, Amilianxx3: ","Summary":" Me & Him..and then we met... My name is Gabriella Montez. Most of my friends call me Ella. I'm 17 y"},{"Movie":"Krampus","Title":"The Christmas Demon's Assistant","Author":"JustAnUnstableHalfBreed","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11724315","Passage":"[Chapter 1] -Hey everybody! Rubix here and this is my first story that I'm publishing on the site. I saw Krampus a few weeks ago and I absolutely loved it, so I came up with an AU kind of idea. Anyway, enjoy~!- Max let out a shaky breath as he trudged forward toward the massive, horned creature that was standing in front of the massive, endless pit of fire and pain. He flinched, hearing Stevie scream and cry, struggling against the grip of the two…'Elves' that held her hostage. The demon silently watched the child approach, seeming to dare him, he who had forgotten what mattered most, to come closer and see if he could try to escape his punishment. \"P-Please…\" The brown eyed boy stuttered as he finally reached monster he had unleashed upon his family, looking up into the sagging fleshy mask it wore. \"Let them go...This isn't what I wanted…\" Krampus inclined his head, as if to ask a sarcastic kind of 'Oh? But this is what you asked for' before he let out a low, raspy laugh. The sound was horrible to Max's ears and his determination began to falter. \"I just wanted Christmas to be like it used to be.\" That earned him the dark, sadistic laughing from not only Krampus himself this time, but from his short, demonic mask wearing minions. That...horrible clown thing in the sleigh was even giggling, clapping it's gloved hands together at the boy's words. The large Yule Goats that lead the sleigh began to butt their heads together, showing their own form of amusement. Max's lower lip began to tremble, and against his will, a few tears began to stream down his face. The monsters continued to laugh...Except for one. The clown had gone silent and now regarded Max curiously as he began to cry, cocking it's head and blinking it's beady black eyes. \"I-I-I know t-this is my fault...P-Please...It's me you want!\" The Christmas Demon's laughed began to slowly die down. \"Please!\" Max continued to beg. \"I'll do anything!\" That shut Krampus up, and in one swift moment, his skeletal hand caught Max by the chin and forced his head up roughly. Teary brown eyes met sunken in, orange goat eyes. Then, to Max's surprise...The demon spoke. \"Anything?\" He rasped in a low, inhuman voice with the noticeable hint of a German accent. Unable to speak, Max nodded slowly. \"Then I shall make a deal with you, child…\" He hissed. \"I will release your family on one condition...You become my assistant.\" \"A-Assistant?\" The child repeated, his eyes widened. \"You will come with me to my...home...and do whatever I say and help me whenever I need assistance.\" \"N-No!\" The boy suddenly spat, ripping himself away from Krampus' grip. \"I-I'm not going to help you hurt more pe-eople!\" Krampus let out a small growl and turned away from Max. \"I see.\" He raised a clawed hand up to the sky, signaling the Elves to push Stevie into the pit to the Underworld. The creatures cackled and pushed the girl forward, causing her to scream out in fear. Max flinched at the sound of his cousin's scream. She was going to die...They were all going to die...If they weren't dead already. Mom...Dad...Beth…...Omi….. The child whirled around and ran over to Krampus, grabbing onto his raised arm. \"W-WAIT!\" Slowly, the demon turned to look at the child. \"I...I accept…\" ~End Chapter 1~[Chapter 2] ~Chapter 2: The Toys Are Back Baby!~ For what felt like decades, there was only silence. It was as if everything had suddenly frozen. Krampus stared down at Max for such a / long / time. The Elves glanced between their master and prey with almost a kind of nervousness, waiting for their next command. The Yule Goats yielded and Der Klown watched in interest. This wasn't the first time his master had made an offer like this, though it was rare. But...no one ever accepted. This kid - Max, was the first. Slowly, Krampus lowered his raised hand. \"Then it is done.\" And everything went white…. \"Shit!\" Snarled the angry voice of the living teddy bear like monster, Teddy Klaue. The fur ball slowly brought himself up to his feet, clutching his eye, which had been shot out by \"That bitch!\" \"Language Teddy…\" A slightly pained, but stern and serious female voice said from the chimney. Perchta, the angel doll, slowly crawled out from the spot she had been shot, clutching her chest with a taloned hand, where she as well had been shot. The response she was greeted with was an irritated growl. \"Where's Tik Tok?\" The bear asked, in a rather rude tone I might add, removing his clawed hand from his empty eye socket in order to straighten the red bow around his neck. Perchta let out a small huff. In all honesty, these two never got along too well...They never really saw...eye to eye on things. While Perchta was more like the leader of the group, wise, cruel and calculating, Teddy was impulsive, sadistic, and….well...not too bright in all honesty. \"I believe he's still in the attic.\" As if on cue, the wind-up robot came tumbling down the stairs, a few sparks shooting from his damaged body. \"Tik Tok!\" Teddy Klaue exclaimed happily when he saw his robot friend, darting over to him, pulling him to his feet. \"How you doing old buddy, old pal? You did great! And I bet you feel great too! You're like a tank! Nothing hurts you!\" The plush patted Tik Tok rather roughly on the back, causing him to topple over face down and said in a dull, emotionless and mechanical tone \"I can't feel my circuits.\" \"Oh...Um…\" Perchta scoffed and rolled her bloodshot eyes, causing Teddy to glare at her before he helped the robot up to his feet again. \"Don't worry. Master Krampus will come for us and fix us up.\" How right he was. A small group of Dark Elves had gathered around the damaged Engel house, entering it to retrieve their injured comrades and take them back home. \"Took you long enough!\" Was Teddy's response as one of the Elves scooped him up in his arms. With the toys all gathered, the Elves began to return to the sleigh...but one stopped and looked over his shoulder. For a long moment, he just stared in silence, then walked to the middle of the room, got on his knees...and set down a snow globe with the Engel house inside of it. Attached to it by a chain was an old bell with the words \"Gruss Vom Krampus\" engraved on it. Silently, the lone creature stood up, not taking his eyes off the items for a long moment, then left with his allies. When he did, the snow globe cracked. And everything went white. ~End Chapter 2~[Chapter 3] ~Chapter 3: Awakening~ \"Mhhmmm…\" Gentle, innocent brown eyes cracked open, accompanied by a drowsy groan. Max slowly sat up, rubbing his eyes not only to push away his drowsiness, but to protect his eyes from the sunlight that was streaming through the window. Wait a minute...Was he home? Excitement and relief flooded through his body for a brief moment...before he realized this wasn't his room. He was in...a rather decent sized bed with an old quilt covering him. The boy quirked an eyebrow glancing behind him to examine the pillow, picking it up in his hands, which up until now, he had no realized had been trembling. It was...old and full of...feathers? Starting to realize what was going on, Max threw the pillow down in fear, and threw the quilt off him, darting off the bed -and almost tripping in the process- to look out the window. He opened his mouth to scream or gasp or something...but nothing came out. Outside the window, was an endless frozen tundra; a place covered in snow and ice, with no signs of civilization anywhere in sight. Max's breath hitched and for a moment, he thought his heart had shot up to his throat. Slowly, he began to step backwards, desperate to get away from the window. He jumped once his back hit the old, oak wardrobe and, regaining his voice, let out a small scream before he darted out of the room...and stopped right in his tracks. A long maze of hallways and locked doors greeted him on the outside of the room he had currently been in. But at least there was something comforting. The smell of freshly baked cookies filled Max's sense, and against his will, his stomach gurgled rather loudly. Licking his lips nervously, Max slowly walked over to the door that was emitting the smell, being what he assumed to be the kitchen. After hearing the familiar cackles and giggles of the Elves mixing with the clatter of pots and pans, the boy decided to not open the door. Instead, the brown haired boy continued cautiously through the hall, nervously taking in his surroundings. There had to be a way to escape this place!...But even if there was, where was he going to go? Suddenly, Max stopped dead in his tracks. He had reached the end of the hall, where a large door with that weird...trident symbol carved into it, towered over him like some kind of wooden monster. It was like it was...beckoning to him. The child swallowed anxiously, slowly reaching for the doorknob. His trembling fingers closed around the cool metal as he twisted the knob and opened the door, slowly and cautiously stepping inside. His brown eyes frantically scanned the area. Shelves filled with unfinished toys, many old tools, hundreds to thousands of old books, chains and bells...a stand with a familiar, skinned old man's face resting on it like some kind of hat...table covered with snow globes containing tiny houses inside of them….and sitting in front of the table, thin fingers rubbing the dust off the glass spheres...was the demon. His hood had been pulled over his horns and head, exposing his real face...but he wasn't looking at Max, so the child could not stare at the creature's true face. \"I see you're awake.\" -End Chapter 3-[Chapter 4] ~Chapter 4: Welcome Child~ Max stiffened as Krampus slowly lifted himself up to a standing position and turned around in order to face his new assistant. Max's brown eyes widened...This was what he really looked like...The face was like that of...some demonic goat in dark fur, but at the same time, seemed humanoid in quite a few ways. The child swallowed nervously, unable to speak. But after a few moments, he managed to find his voice. \"I..I-I am…\" \"Mhm...Are you hungry at all?\" \"N-No…\" The boy lied, not wishing to eat anything this...monster gave him. And of course his stomach betrayed him by growling loudly. \"Of course you aren't.\" Krampus snorted, getting up and walking towards the child. At first, Max flinched, thinking the demon would hurt him or something, but instead he just walked past him and to the door. The 12 year old didn't follow at first, but once he gazed around the room once more, he realized that going with Krampus would be much better then being among the unfinished toys, eerie smiles and glassy eyes all aimed at him. He quickly rushed after the hooved creature. \"H-Hey! Wait up!\" \"Today I want you to help fix and wash the toys that were injured-\" \"W-Wait! What was that r-room? What were those snow globes?\" \"-then I want you to help Elves prepare dinner-\" \"Hold o-on, We need to tal-\" \"-once you finish with that, you must wash my cloak, then you shall be assigned to your room for the night.\" \"STOP!\" Krampus stopped in his foot...hoofsteps and turned slightly in order to look at the child, clearly annoyed at the way he was speaking to his new master. \"Watch your tongue child…\" He warned. Max frowned, a small sigh escaping his lips. \"I just want to know what all this is…\" \"...You will know when I want you to know, child. You must prove yourself to me before that.\" The demon replied simply, turning forward to begin to walk again. \"Now hurry and finish your chores. You need rest as soon as possible. The marking ritual will begin tomorrow.\" \"Marking ritual? What-?\" \"Do you not recall what I just told you?\" \"...\" Max was silent and turned his gaze to the ground. He could already tell this was going to be horrible. This was practically hell itself. The curly haired boy followed his new master silently as he led him to one of the rooms and simply left him there. The inside was almost what Max would describe as some old fashioned pet hospital. About three Elves were in the room, working on healing and cleaning a familiar teddy bear, angel doll, robot, and a few gingerbread men. Max swallowed nervously when the bear snarled at him in remembrance as he approached the closest Elf. \"What do I need to do…?\" The Elf glanced at him with a tilted head, then silently pointed to what Max assumed was one of the baths. Inside was a grotesque creature, with a long, fat tail with a music box on the end, and a clown like face with a split lower jaw and a jester hat. It's tail wagged excitedly. Der Klown was ready for a bath. ~End Chapter 4~[Chapter 5] ~Chapter 5: The Good, the Bad, and the Clowny~ Der Klown was always the cheeriest of the group. While he obeyed every dark order his master Krampus gave him, he was always incredibly friendly, like some kind of puppy looking for love. The creature was so excited to see that little boy -Max was his name, right?- again, causing his tail to wag rather violently, the music box thudding dully on the sides of the metal tub. An expression of disgust spread across Max's features when the Elf pointed at the...thing he was supposed to clean. How was he supposed to do this...One, he hated that thing's slimy guts, and two, it was just...gross, slime and saliva dripping from it's jaws, staining it's polka dotted body. Hmm? What was with that face? Why was Max looking at him like that? Sure, he had technically eaten his cousin, but no hard feelings...right? Max scowled as he approached the tub and turned on the facet, causing warm water to start to pool around Der Klown. Why was that monster looking at him like it had done nothing to him or his family. As the water began to fill up the tub, Max gently took a washcloth from a nearby rack and a bar of soap, starting to clean the clown's tail first. Der Klown let out a gleeful coo, but Max kept his eyes focused at the thing's worm like body. He wondered if Jordan was still in there...stuck in there like it was a sack, or had she already been digested? Wait no...Krampus promised that his family was fine...That's why he was here in the first place. Sarah Engel clung to her husband tightly, her body trembling violently with each sob that escaped her mouth. \"O-Our boy...O-Our precious baby boy!\" She cried out as Tom did his best to comfort her, gently rubbing her back in a soothing manner. At first, they awoke in their beds, a totally normal Christmas morning...until they found that cursed bell and that snowglobe. The entire top of it was broken, leaving jagged edges of glass surrounding it. The fluid inside was oddly no longer clear, but thick and black. But the family payed no mind to that. The bell was enough to refresh all their memories of what happened the previous days, and then, in panic, they all began to search for Max. Stevie, the only one who knew what happened to the boy, told everything...and of course, the family was now mourning. Howard let out a sad sigh, rubbing his face in his hands, Linda gently embracing her own children tightly. \"H-He's dead b-by now, I k-know it!\" \"Ssshh...Ssshh...I'm sure he's okay…\" Tom replied gently, though his tone held sadness in it as well. \"He'll come back…\" Unknown to any, there was something watching them, but this creature had to relation to Krampus. Crawling forward with it's scrawny, undeveloped legs and four, twig like arms, the small, infantile creature's glowing red eyes stared dully through the window, watching the humans closely...and it's lips twisted into a horrid grin, exposing rows of razor sharp teeth. \"I̛̼̟̫͓̲͘͢ ͈̺͕͓̳͝ͅA̦̰̳̹͜M̶̡͔̀ ̛͡҉̝̩̪T҉̘͙̜̱̻̞H͈̬͓̩͚̠͔̹̮E̢̱͙͎̙͕͈ ̧̥̪͖̭͜M̫̯̱͔͢͜A̫̙̼̼ͅR̶̫͕̙̕A̴̯̱̩̙̦̼̙͉.͏̖͇̬̻̜̰̖̝ ͇̼̹̗͇Y̡̺̜̺̼͙̮ͅƠ̧̪̲U͜҉͖̭͈̗ ̨̠̰͍̝̘̳̩̠̟Ẃ̨̩͚͔͜Ị͉͈̠̬͖Ĺ̡̮̯̺͕̜͘L̷̨̹̱̳̭̰̘͈̤ ̸̮̞̖̺͇͡S̵̱͚͎͍̭͕̬Ú̶̡̺̳F̥̲̦̖̥̼̕F̝̤͙̗̦̰̯̖͟͢E̶͙̙R̠̘̺͞ͅ ̡͚̗̘̼̼̯̱À̤͎͉̘̜̳͍͢ͅN̙͜͟D̴̝̤̠̘ ̨͉̖̮͕͘͝Y̶̢͔̲̝̝͝ͅO̱̤̮̤̯̼U͎̳̘̬̰̰̜̟̩ ͉͚̬̩̖̩͟͜W̵̩̩͖̣̱̞̮̝ͅI̧͙̠L̖̬̖̟̝̺̝̜͔͞͠L̻̥̦͓̥ ̣̱F̴̷̗̺͟A̱L̴̤͙͠L̘̼͕͕̹͢͠.͙͍͔̘͕̻͇͟ ͕̭̳̠̕I̟̦̕͡ ̘̞̹̠S͖̗̜̪̣͇̲H̷͢͏͙̲͙̻̗Ą̸̖̰̹̘͉͝L̲̝̩͕̼̦͖̠͢͜L̤͕̮͍͚̬͔ ͓͕̣̼̳̻G̛͉̝̮̼̜R̨̢̲͇̣̫̰̝͎̞O͠҉̩̦̭̖̬͙̻̲W̲̝̮̘̲̪͘,̢͍̙͈̀ ͟҉̮̗̼̫̮͕̻̝Á̖͍̙͖̦͍̬͓N̤D̴̢̺̱̩͎̭̖̖ ̴̝̠̜͠ͅM̱̬̺͓͎̮̲̺̀Ỳ̡̬̻̬ ̴҉̗̻͙̠̘̟C̶̵̫̩̻̩̮̦͉͈H̘̭͇̰̩͞Ḭ͕̮̣͢͡͝L̮̪̱D͚̰̹͓̳͕͈̯͢͡͡ͅR͝͡҉͔͍̣͈̼E̴̵̺̝͢N̛̼͈̘͘͞ ̵̲̲͇̩͇͉͍̱͡W̨͈̣̩͕͙̮͎͘͜I̬̩̙̹͚̥̺̯͢͝L͕̰̻̬̯͖̦̤̕͘͝L̳͎̝̖̝ ̵̞͈̫̠̰̘́͡R͠͏̩̰E̝̖͎I͉̰̤̤̹͖͘͘G͚̦̹̣͙͘N̨̟͍͎͇͡ͅ ̼̞̳͓Ó̯̣̳̳͎͎̰̙V̨͓̯͞Ẹ̣̝̜̣̞̮͟R̮͔̠ ҉̠̥̻̺̩̖̞̤́Y͏҉̲͔Ớ̙͙͚̝̹̦̞͝ͅU̡̱͎͎͞R͚̟ ̹͕̻̙P̻̙͍͞A̜̠̳̻͇͓̙͙͡T͔͓̮̙̱̤̭̺͟͟H͜͏̖̤͉̝̘̰̼̬È͢͏̺͈̮T̞̰͈͙̘͕I͕̹̼͕͇̦̜͈͜͞͝Ć̟͙ ̵̛̙͎̦P̢̫̪L̮̤͚̪̹͉A̷̘̥̜̬̱͕̖N͓̼̖̳̣͖̠̯͡E̲̥̼͡͞͠ͅͅT̙͝.͉͓͕̦̙̙̝̞ ̹̤̀͠\" ̡҉̠͓̙̠ ~End Chapter 5~[Chapter 6] ~Chapter 6: Max is So Done~ Max ran a hand through his now soaking wet hair, an irritated sigh escaping his lips. Der Klown, wrapped up nice and neat in a towel, let out a cheerful coo and reached his arms out to the boy, as if to give him a hug. Seeing this, Max's lips curled down into an uneasy frown as he pushed the demonic toy away from him with one hand. \"N-No thanks…\" Cleaning this thing had been harder than he expected. The clown was like a child, splashing about all the time which caused the brown eyed boy to get, well, soaking wet. The creature let out a disappointed whine when Max refused his affection, but the boy said nothing and quickly continued on to his next chore. It was worse than the first. The Elves were totally chaotic about making food, which I might add was mainly sugary Christmas treats. As soon as Max entered, he was suddenly in the middle of a 'utensil fight, causing him to immediately be struck in the chest by a flying cookie pan. Instantly, the brown haired boy staggered back in a mix of surprise in pain, a yelp of surprise. At the high pitched sound caused the masked creatures to pause and look at the boy and go silent...only to start cackling and continuing their game seconds after. This was pretty much how it was making dinner. Pure hell. About an hour later, after cleaning himself up and eating a small portion of food for his dinner, Max moved on to do the chore that he found out he enjoyed the most. Cleaning Krampus' cloak meant he was alone in peace and solitude. Once everything was all done, Max, ignoring everyone for the night, retired to his room as Krampus said he could, and flopped down on his bed, exhausted. He was going to hate it here. Every member of the Engel family tossed and turned in their beds, dark nightmares swirling about their minds as they slept. Nightmares about Max, the monsters that had attacked them, and horrible things in general swarmed through their brains. \"Max...Max...Max!\" Sarah shot up on her bed in a cold sweat, panting heavily with fear. Hearing his wife awaken, Tom let out a small groan and sat up. \"Honey? What's wrong?\" \"I had...a nightmare...about...Max…\" \"...Me too…\" Sarah's green eyes flickered to her husband's as he gently wrapped an arm around her shoulder and placed a soft kiss on her temple. \"We can't give up hope yet…\" She was feeding now. The nightmares. The fear. Her simple presence was the cause. Her slimy body was pulsing greatly as she began to molt off her old, infant skin, revealing her newer, adult skin underneath. Her four arms, each tipped with four powerful claws gripped the dirt and pawed at it, leaving long claw marks in the earth beneath her. The skin on her skeletal back began to bubble as the now human sized Mara raised up to her thin, hind legs...and hissed. ~End Chapter 6~[Chapter 7] After a rather sleepless night, Max was rudely awakened by one of the demonic elves, grubby little hands ripping off his protective covers, exposing his skin to the cold air as it took a rough hold of his arms and pulled him to his feet. It was time for the marking ritual . Of course he struggled and protested, fearful and unsure about that was even happening as he was dragged to a new room by the masked creatures that refused to bless him with any communication, verbal or not. His breath left him when he was brought into the dark room, cold walls alight with many steel torches with heads that danced with a glowing flame. There was something…. intimidating about this massive room, and perhaps it was all the eyes of the elves that had aligned themselves in orderly lines with a way parted for him, glowing through the hollow holes of their masks. He was forced onto his knees as the reached him , raised up on a pedestal covered in ancient pagan carvings. The elves that had him restrained released their grip on him due to a non verbal command by their master, who gave a quick gesture of his ugly hand. The one in the plague mask scurried forward, taking a tight hold of a metal pole (perhaps a poker of some sort?) that had been carefully heating amongst the center of burning tip, alight with a searing orange shade, brandished a familiar, trident symbol that decorated the false skins and masks of the great Christmas Demon's minions. It was a brand . It took a mere seven seconds for Max's brain to put the pieces together. His blood turned to ice, all his muscles tensing and locking his small form into place like a deer in the headlights. \"Maxwell Engel.\" Krampus bellowed from his raised totem, pointing an elongated, finger at the fear-frozen boy. \"You have promised your soul to me, and you are indebted to me eternally, lest I release you to freedom. You are now one of my dark children.\" The elf came closer, raising the brand towards his face. Max's mouth gaped like a fish, wanting to scream though his lungs refused. \" Willkommen in der Familie, mein Kind. \" The brand pressed against his forehead, and Max screamed . She was a mother now. Another foul, pulsating egg, a perfect, yellow, gelatinous orb forced itself out of her mature body to join its kin- all 58 of them and counting . One began to tremble and wobble, the leathery outside bursting in a spill of afterbirth and other fluids as her first youngling crawled to greet her. She turned, moving all four of her long arms across the cavern floor (the one she had made beneath the house of her main meal) and nuzzled the more rounded head of her offspring. Soon , she thought. Soon she would be ready to reclaim what was her own. The sobs that came from Max's room physically hurt him. Der Klown pressed his gloved hands against his chest, curling his tail around himself tighter with each agonized cry that came from the poor child's room. He wanted to make his new friend feel better...but how? Then an idea hit him...but hopefully the master wouldn't learn of it. Krampus was not a heartless beast. The tears and the pain that had filled the human child's brown eyes did sway his abet icy heart, but the ritual was something that needed to be done, something to bound them together as master and minion. The great demon's toy tinkerings were interrupted when the door to his workshop burst open, a small figure with sticking out a false, wooden tongue rushing through in a panic. \"Stekkjarstaur? What's wrong, my elf friend?\" The dark elf failed his arms, spitting out a rush of German before holding up a shattered snow globe and an..unfamiliar elf mask. \"No…\" The demon whispered, realization setting in. The Mara was free . I rushed this out to get this to you guys on Christmas! More should hopefully come soon! By the way, Krampus said \"Welcome to the family, my child.\" during the ritual. ","Summary":" -Hey everybody! Rubix here and this is my first story that I'm publishing on the site. I saw Krampu"},{"Movie":"Bright","Title":"Brighter Days","Author":"217","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12843947","Passage":"[Chapter 1] When I was a little girl, I used to pray that every time the padlock was removed from the outside of my door it was someone coming to take me from hell. \"It's ok.\" I hold my sister tight, feeling the dread wash over me every time I lie to her. It's not going to be ok. It's… never going to be ok. \"Get the fuck on the bed,\" my father demands. In the spring when I turned nine, the padlock finally breaks, although it isn't my father on the other side of the door. \"LAPD,\" a man shouts. I cling to my sister, knowing she passed away in the middle of the night, but she's all I have. They pry her from my arms despite my protest and cries. I curl up in the corner as I watch them take her from the room. Now I don't have anyone. I sob quietly while the officer's try to coax me from the corner, but I don't trust them. I don't trust any man. \"Go away,\" I scream. It isn't until my fairy stuffed animal is set beside me that I stop my tantrum. I glance over my shoulder to see a police officer behind me. His skin is like mine, but colored differently. I snatch my fairy and hold it close, my eyes trailing up his face. \"I like your fairy.\" \"No you don't,\" I frown. \"No one likes the fairies.\" \"Clear the house,\" someone yells as it startles me. \"It's ok,\" he tells me, his hand hesitant to touch my back. \"I won't let anyone hurt you.\" \"What about my father?\" \"We, uh, we had to...\" His brow furrows. \"He's gone forever?\" When I'm given a nod, I move over to my protector. He hoists me up, then carries me out of hell. I peek over his shoulder, knowing I'll never have to see this home again. My eyes are covered as we go into the living room. \"Just while we pass through,\" he says. I know it's so I don't see the death. My mother's screams scare me. Screams, mind you, for my father… not for me or my sister. Once we're outside, he lets me sit in the front seat of this car. It's the first time I find myself wanting to run back home. \"Smile for me.\" I shake my head no at him. \"Aww.\" I giggle at his ears. The little twitch they have to them as they pout, too. \"That's better,\" he says, his thumb sweeping away my tears. I'm embarrassed when he notices the splotches on my skin. Especially my left hand where it's the worst. I tuck my hand behind my back. He points at a spot on my arm. \"It's called vitiligo. You don't have to be ashamed.\" Until him, I've never seen anyone with skin like mine. \"The other kids make fun of me.\" \"That's because they don't understand.\" \"Do you get made fun of?\" He nods. My eyes trail to his name badge. I try my best to say his name. \"It's Jakoby,\" he corrects my horrible attempt. \"What's your name?\" As I start to speak, we're interrupted. I don't like how the other men talk to Jakoby. They say nasty things like my father called me and my sister. I wait patiently for my protector to return and give him a smile. When Jakoby says I'm to go with this lady in the car, I shake my head side to side. \"I want to stay with you.\" \"It doesn't work like that.\" \"Please,\" I beg. When he puts his police hat on me, I feel my cheeks warm. \"You're brave, alright?\" I give him my fairy in exchange. He takes it and smiles. \"Bye, Koby.\" He winks before closing the door. \"Oz,\" my boss screams at me, his hand coming down hard on the table. I snap out of my routine daydream. \"Customers!\" His hand violently lurches outward at the table by the door. \"I'm sorry.\" I hurry over to the table, but I'm not even given a chance to take their order. \"We don't want an orc waitress.\" \"I'm not an Orc. It's a skin condition called vitiligo-\" The couple has heard enough and leaves the diner. I stuff my notepad back in my apron with a sigh. At least I'll be able to return to my daydream. I've seen Jakoby several times since that day he freed me from hell. One time, I purposely bumped into him on a busy street. He apologized and went on his way. I know it's stupid to be this infatuated with someone I only met once, but there's not a moment of free time that I have that's not spent on him. The diner doorbell rings. My boss reminds me a lot of my father. Always touching me and the other waitresses. Always shouting. \"Get your ass over to table twelve, now.\" \"Yes, Sir.\" I smooth out my apron and walk over to the table. As I start to greet the officers, my entire body freezes. Jakoby! A/N Thank you for reading, all! I hope everyone is enjoying this so far :)[Chapter 2] I drop my pen twice. Who drops their pen twice? Luckily, I'm left handed so the pad covers up my skin. I know that Jakoby doesn't remember me, that was ten years ago, but I still try and hide the vitiligo. There's just this part of me that wants him to see me for me, and not that little girl he saved. He'd probably think he wasted his time pulling me from that house for me to end up like I am. Jakoby's partner orders the t-bone and eggs. I hate the smell of the t-bone. It upsets my stomach. I smile Jakoby's way but he's not looking at me. He's so thorough with his order, I won't be able to ask him any questions about it. I'm pathetic. \"I'll have that right out.\" Jakoby is talkative with his partner. I even hear him call him Daryl. Yet, every time I approach the table, he falls silent. \"Here are your checks.\" Both of them are quick to get out their plastic. At the register, I notice Jakoby's first name is Nicolas. Nicolas Jakoby is what his card says. Gosh, I feel like a stalker, and this is hardly professional. As I start to swipe Daryl's card, I'm yelled at. \"What are you doing? Officers don't pay for their food here. Charge him though.\" My boss points at Jakoby's ticket. \"But he's an Officer, too.\" \"Charge him. Now.\" When my boss has his back turned, I get my tips from my apron so I'm able to pay for Jakoby's breakfast. I write 'thank you, but no charge' on both of their paid tickets and put a smiling face on Jakoby's. I'm a little disappointed when I set their paid tickets down and only Daryl says thank you. I turn on my heel and scamper back behind the counter to hide my expression. I almost miss my night class today. I'm trying my best to become an RN. To have purpose in my life and better it, but I am constantly failing. School is difficult for me because of how far behind I am since I spent the first nine years of my life kept in that room. Today is no different. I fail this test and that means I'll have to take the course again. Maybe I should take a year off school and find someone to tutor me. I close the night like most other ones. With me crying in the back of the bus. This isn't even about school. I'm just hurt from being ignored at the diner and it's not even his fault. It's my own because I can't bring myself to tell him how I feel. I'm stupid for even having feelings for him. I live on the outskirts in a one bedroom apartment in an Orcish community. I've managed to stay on good terms with them despite being human. Perhaps it's because the children are constantly breaking my windows by accident when they play ball. \"...sorry,\" the orcish child frowns. \"You're getting stronger,\" I smile, retrieving his ball once I unlock my door. \"Thanks,\" he replies, scampering off. His father grunts. \"That's twice this week alone.\" \"It's alright, Bilge. It's a simple fix.\" Bilge gives me a few more extra dollars than usual. \"You need to be careful,\" he warns. \"There's been a lot of stabbings by the bus stop.\" I nod and thank him for thinking of me because he doesn't have to. The way humans have treated their kind is disgusting. Another ball is launched through my back window. I suppose this is why they put up with me. \"Sorry,\" the disembodied voice calls. I almost laugh at this point and extend my hand. Bilge sighs and fishes more money out of his pocket. \"Get in the house, now,\" he yells at the little ones. I spend a great deal on my appearance this morning by brushing the tangles from the underside of my hair before putting it into pigtails. My hair has to go up at the diner and I don't like it pulled back. Especially with my bangs. There. I look… the exact same. I heave a breath and flip off the light. It doesn't even end up mattering. Jakoby and his partner don't come in that day. Or any of the days that follow. I've been at the diner for six months today and only saw them that one time. \"Hey,\" my boss snaps his fingers in front of my face. \"I need you to work a double.\" \"I have class tonight.\" \"Do you want this job or not?\" I suppose it doesn't matter. I'm failing anyhow. \"Alright.\" \"And fix your fucking hair.\" He gives me the most disgusted look then turns his back to me. Today is definitely one of those days where I have to constantly remind myself that you need this job, Oz. Especially when I end up missing the bus because I get off so late. I guess I'll just sleep at the diner around the back. It's just too far and dangerous to walk home and I can't afford a taxi. As I turn down the alley, I'm hit so hard that I black out. It ends up being someone running from the police. \"You stopped that guy when he ran into you. I was able to apprehend him.\" Lucky me. And my shoes are scuffed. My boss is going to have a heart attack. Wait a second, I know that voice. Jakoby helps me off the pavement and to the front seat of his police SUV. \"Do you want me to take you to the hospital?\" \"What about me,\" the guy in the back whines. His head is split open from the fall. \"Shut up,\" Jakoby tells him. The hospital is even farther from my apartment than where I'm at now. I shake my head no. You're brave, alright? \"I don't feel very brave. He ran into me.\" \"What?\" Oh, gosh. I'm answering my own delusions. I slither down in the leather seat mortified. Jakoby and I don't get a chance to talk with dingus here in the back shouting about his rights, but I don't mind. These twenty minutes in his front seat are the happiest I've ever been. \"Uh,\" Jakoby starts, \"this isn't a safe place for you to live.\" I know he's talking about me living near the Orcs. \"Thank you for the ride,\" I manage to say. As I shut the door, one of the little ones come running up me. \"It happened again, Oz,\" Kodagh frowns. \"It's so bad.\" Bilge rounds the corner of the building. \"I'm sorry, and I'm out of cash tonight.\" I smile and touch my hand to his arm. \"It's alright.\" \"Thank you,\" he smiles before snarling over my shoulder. I glance back to see Jakoby behind me, his hand on his gun. Jakoby says something to Bilge in Orcish, which Bilge snaps back. I'm so worried this is going to get heated until the one Bilge calls his 'baby momma' comes out of their duplex and starts screaming at Bilge. Gosh, she's worked up. Thankfully, it pulls Jakoby and Bilge apart so Bilge can go deal with her. \"Come on, miss. I'll walk you to your door.\" The last thing I need is an escort here of all places, but I'll take any chance for a few more minutes with Jakoby. \"Are you sure I can't take you to the hospital?\" I shake my head no. I'm not the best student, but I don't have any of the signs that would be worrisome enough for me to go get my head examined. Or maybe it's because I just don't have the money. Jakoby puts his hand out to keep me from going inside my apartment when he sees the window is broken. \"It's alright. Sometimes the little ones break my windows with their toys.\" Kodagh is already giggling behind me. \"Here,\" I say, handing the ball back. \"You better get home. Your mother seemed upset.\" \"She's always upset.\" I know what it's like to live with a parent like that. Jakoby watches the little one until he's safe at home, then turns his attention to my broken window. \"Do the Orcs bother you?\" Another head shake. Oz, talk to him. Hmm. I wonder how I could get him to come inside? \"Do you want some coffee?\" Please say- \"I still have that perpetrator in my vehicle. Goodnight.\" Jakoby is practically back at his SUV before I can open my mouth to say goodnight back. And here I thought Orcs were slow… I don't feel well waking up, but that's not an excuse to stay in bed. It's already noon. As I open my front door to leave, I notice several pieces of plywood, a box of nails, and a hammer. Bilge is on the way out with the little ones, so I ask him about it. He points to his bottom teeth before heading to his suburban. I go back inside and flash my teeth in the mirror, figuring when I ran into that guy in the alley he chipped one of my teeth, but there's nothing wrong with them. Wait. Bilge was talking about Jakoby's teeth. Jakoby was the one who left this stuff? I blush at the gesture, even though I'm by myself. Ok, I'm going to do it! I'm going to wait for him outside the police station today and tell him how I feel. A/N Reviews are always much appreciated! Thank you for the follows![Chapter 3] Ok, today is not the day to tell him how I feel. As soon as Jakoby leaves the station, I sprint towards the bus and ride to work. My boss looks puzzled. \"Ain't today your only day off?\" I don't even know what I'm doing at this point. \"I was hungry.\" \"Whatever, place your order. You know where everything is, and, Oz,\" he says with hesitation in his voice, \"thank you for working the double yesterday. Your rabbit food is on me.\" I smile feeling somewhat accomplished. He's never thanked me that's for sure. I scribble down macaroni and cheese for the cook, then go to the back table. Might as well roll silverware while I wait. A shadow casts over me as it startles me. \"They said you weren't working, but you're here,\" Jakoby points out. Why can't I get my words out around him? His ears wiggle a bit. \"Will you take my order?\" At least I'm useful for something and nod. \"Have a seat anywhe-\" He plops down across from me. I can't breathe. My palms are sweaty. Oh, my left hand. I tuck it behind my back as if it's normal. \"So, uh, same as last time?\" Way to really sound like a stalker recalling his order like this. \"Mmhm,\" he grunts. At least he didn't notice… For someone that I spend hours daydreaming on, I take my time returning to him. I'm awkward enough without him being across from me. It takes all my might, but I manage to thank him for the plywood, hammer, and nails. \"Do you have carpentry skills?\" I don't even know what the heck that is. \"My carpet is fine. It's the windows.\" \"You didn't fix your windows?\" No, I was too busy preparing myself mentally to stand outside the station, all for you to end up here. \"I will fix it.\" \"Ok,\" I squeak, all too eager. I'm so mortified, I flee from the table and wait in the kitchen until our food is done. Stupid. Stupid. Stupid. I notice Jakoby has really good posture, even as we eat. \"Is that all you're having?\" \"I don't like breakfast, and I don't like meat so my options are limited.\" \"I don't eat cow flesh, either.\" Because I'm not infatuated with him enough. \"Why did you give me my meal for free the last time you waited on me?\" \"I told you, we don't charge Officers.\" \"It's not free. At least, not for me is it?\" I can't lie to him and sink down some in the bench as I shake my head no. He digs in his wallet and gives me compensation from the other day. I just take it because what's the point of arguing, then attempt to change the subject. \"Where's your partner today?\" I didn't see him the other night when he was pursuing that guy in the alley. His nostrils flare. \"You didn't see it on the television?\" \"I don't have television.\" \"He was shot.\" \"Oh,\" I frown. \"Did you catch the guy that shot him?\" \"He got away…\" \"You'll find him.\" Jakoby doesn't say anything else. I feel like things are tense and I don't know what I did. I'm not even hungry anymore. Besides, it doesn't even feel natural to hold a fork in my right hand so what's the point. \"You shouldn't be living in the lower district. Especially not around Orcs.\" This again. \"We get a call for a stabbing or shooting over there every single day and, most of the time, we just don't have the resources to go down that way.\" \"Then what were you doing chasing after that guy?\" \"That's different.\" How? Could it be that Jakoby was following me that day and that man meant me harm? What are the odds he'd be there, and especially after what he's just said? \"I told you, the Orcs don't bother me.\" After Jakoby found me that day when I was a young girl, I was sent to live with a foster family. They were Orcs. It didn't last for more than a year before I was taken and placed in a group home. I never understood that because the Orc family was good to me. They didn't treat me any different. What if, by some strange intervention, Jakoby had a hand in that, too? \"Have you ever seen Orcs raise humans?\" He glances up from his food as he finishes chewing what's in his mouth. \"Once.\" My heart starts to beat faster. It feels like the air conditioning is broken. Don't ask the question if you don't want the answer. I'm still not confident if he knows I'm that child. Jakoby puts more than enough money down for his food. As he starts to walk away from the booth, he turns around to speak, but stops when my eyes meet his. His mouth settles in a hard line. He has this little tic where his chin dips down a few times. That's how I know this conversation is over. That he's without words. And I suppose he won't be helping with my windows. \"Goodnight.\" What's good about it? I never thought I'd beg my boss to let me work, but luckily, he does. The bus ride home upsets my stomach. I don't have a choice but to live in this area because it's the cheapest rent that I can find. Going to school is a large chunk of my paycheck. I've never felt unsafe at my apartment. \"Oz,\" one of the Orcs ask when he sees me get off the bus. \"Would you go into the nice part of town and get me something if I gave you the money?\" He must mean into Elvan District. Occasionally, I will make runs for the Orcs and purchase them things because the Elvan community frowns on an Orc that's not doing manual labor. \"Of course,\" I smile. \"Thanks. I was going to fix your windows for you, but I guess you already got around to it.\" He gives me a little extra money more than I'll need and the list. I turn on the ball of my heel and run towards my apartment. The windows weren't just boarded up, but actually fixed. I notice my smile on the reflection of the glass, then startle for some reason when I see Bilge. \"Jumpy much?\" \"You didn't have to fix my windows, but thank you.\" \"I didn't. That pig faced roundtooth did.\" I don't know why they use such derogatory terms for Jakoby. Bilge was ready to fight Jakoby the other day and that was the first time they had even met. It makes me wonder if, say, I did pursue something more with Jakoby. Would the Orcs look down on me? I also wonder if maybe Jakoby is interested in me, but knows as long as I'm friends with the Orcs he won't take things further. Is this why he's always tried to push me away from them? \"Look, it's clan law above all else. Jakoby ain't blooded. He's a coward. Oz, you'd do well to tell him not to come around here no more, and soon. The others won't be as nice as I am about it.\" I guess my suspicions are correct. The last thing I want to do is upset anyone. Just as things were going my way…[Chapter 4] I didn't give up on school just yet. This next test we're allowed to have notes for, but I'm not certain how much help that will be. I bring my books over to Bilge's. He doesn't answer so I just let myself in. \"Sorry, I didn't hear you. Thanks for watching them while I work, Oz. I need this shift or they're gonna shut the power off. Their mother should be home in a couple of hours.\" He acts like they're a lot of trouble. I really don't mind. \"Bilge, can you read well?\" \"Nah. Kodgah can. Get your ass in here,\" he calls. \"And be fucking good for Oz, both of you. Kodgah, help her with those books.\" \"What are you reading?\" Kodgah asks. \"I have no idea,\" I shrug. \"It says it on the front, dummy,\" he laughs. \"Fundamentals of Nursing. Hmm, doesn't seem very fun to me.\" \"I'm starting to rethink this.\" \"Do you want to be a doctor?\" \"I'd like that, eventually. To be able to help people.\" \"You bring people food. That helps them.\" How pathetic I sound through the eyes of a small child. \"Speaking of, let's make you and your brother some food.\" I wake up to the sound of screaming. \"Oz,\" Kodgah cries as his little fists beat on my door until I answer. \"What's wrong?\" \"Come quick! My dad got stabbed!\" I don't even bother putting my shoes on, and run behind Kodgah until I see the crowd around Bilge's suburban. Someone else has already dialed the police they inform us. I know no one is coming to help us. They'd assume let an Orc die. Well, I won't. Bilge's baby momma is hysterical and making it hard to concentrate. If he dies, I fear the moral compass of our group will shift. Everyone looks up to Bilge. Kodgah presses on Bilge's stomach to mimic me. \"Oz,\" he sobs. \"What about your book?\" This is the first time I've been in a situation where I have felt pressure. In school, it's a constant overload of knowledge. This is not something the books prepare you for. Time seems to slow, yet you know that you only have precious seconds. \"I have a pulse!\" Their skin camouflages a lot of the blood. I know it would be worse for his children and baby mama if not for that and all his black clothing. I try and do my best with what I have at my disposal, and with my limited knowledge. When Bilge takes that first painful breath, I almost become as hysterical as his baby mama. I've done it! \"You're going to be alright,\" I inform Bilge. He something in Orcish to some of the others as it riles them up. I'm sure it's who stabbed him. Or possibly a description. It wouldn't have been another Orc. The person that stabbed him was human. Every time there's a human on Orc crime, it turns my stomach. Things are already so tense in our world. Bilge is very important to the Orcish community. If Dorghu finds out, this could cause more tension between Fogteeth and humans. Word got around fast after saving Bilge. That morning when I woke up, there was a line of Orcs waiting to see me. Mostly mothers with little ones that were ill. One of the older men had a tooth infection. Unfortunately, without being a doctor and not being able to write prescriptions, I couldn't help them anymore other than telling them what it was. Until the following day when I received a visitor. \"Yes?\" I stare up at the giant Orc in glasses. \"My name is Dr. Slaugh.\" Oh, no. Am I in trouble for helping? \"The humans won't grant me permission to get a clinic. However, you can. I will give you the money. You get me my clinic. In return, I will give you a job as my assistant. I will train you on what you lack. Bilge tells me you've been having a difficult time in school and you were failing. Skip the schooling, work for me.\" This sounds too good to be true! My boss at the diner threw a fit and fired me on the spot when I said I was putting in my two weeks so I got to start right away at the clinic. I'm exhausted by the end of my first day, but it's more fulfilling than anything I have ever done. \"Thank you,\" I tell Dr. Slaugh when he drops me off. I'm startled when I come around the corner and see Jakoby at my door. He makes my knees weak. \"You weren't there to take my order. They got it wrong.\" Oh. That's disappointing. \"I work at a clinic now. With Dr. Slaugh.\" Jakoby seems concerned. Silence falls, and I'm not really sure how to start the conversation back up again. Though I notice the look on Jakoby's face. I remember what he said about his partner being shot. Maybe he died, and it's taking a toll on Jakoby. \"Your eyes have a heaviness to them.\" I want to slap my own face. Your eyes have a heaviness to them?! Really, Oz? \"I'm not sleeping well at night.\" Well, at least my observation was correct even if I sounded like a stalker. \"You could come by the clinic tomorrow? I'll look you over.\" \"Alright. Goodbye.\" As he heads back to his vehicle, I do the most ridiculous dance to celebrate. Kodgah just starts to giggle. \"You scared me.\" \"Is he your boyfriend?\" \"No.\" \"Boyfriend, boyfriend,\" he chants. \"Humans and Orcs aren't allowed to be together.\" \"We're just friends.\" \"I danced like that once. When this girl I liked said she'd go ride bikes with me.\" \"Are you going to tell?\" \"Nah. Jakoby's not interested in you.\" \"Oh?\" \"Yeah. We know these kinds of things.\" \"I see.\" \"I'm just messing with you! You're disappointed. I told you you like him,\" he teases. His insight is truly a gift. Or in my case, a curse. I've always wondered if Kodgah is a Bright. \"You better get home. And tell your father to quit drinking while he's on the medicine. He's not fooling anyone putting it in the gas station cup.\" \"Yeah. Ok. My mom's been in a better mood since he got stabbed.\" \"I think it's because a lot of times we don't realize what we have until it's almost taken from us.\" \"You know that thread you used on my dad? Do you think you could like sew my brother's mouth shut with it?\" \"It doesn't work like that,\" I laugh. \"It was worth a try. See ya, Oz.\" I waited all day for Jakoby to come in. The excitement I had just fizzles out the closer we get to ending our day. \"Oz, let's call it a day before the weather rolls in.\" \"Alright.\" I try not to show the disappointment in my voice, then have a seat at the desk to finish up my paperwork. When that first clap of thunder hit, so much for avoiding the weather. And now there's a leak in the roof. I look up to see where it's coming from, but it's Jakoby leaning over the edge of the counter. \"Oh,\" I gasp. \"You startle easily.\" \"And you're late.\" \"I wasn't given a time.\" He's so stiff sometimes it's maddening. \"Examination room one.\" Once he goes inside, I tell Dr. Slaugh that I'll do the vitals. \"He's not sleeping well.\" \"Tell him to get some melatonin, then you can show him out.\" Crud! Well, I'm still going to check his vitals. Though I can only stand in the doorway when I open it. Why is his shirt off? I walk over to the counter and take a few deep breaths while I put on a pair of disposable gloves. Trying to remember everything is difficult enough, but with Jakoby I know I'm fumbling. \"Do you have any human patients?\" \"Mostly Orcs.\" I don't hear what he says after that because there's a crackling sound coming from his right lung. \"I thought I told you he just needed melatonin,\" Dr. Slaugh says when he comes into the room. \"Dr. Slaugh, listen to Mr. Jakoby's lungs.\" I don't like the concerned look on Slaugh's face. \"Have you had any chest congestion?\" Jakoby nods. \"I'm going to prescribe an antibiotic. It could be the start of pneumonia. I'd like you to come back Monday, or later this week if it progresses. Will you get him an appointment?\" I nod at Slaugh and return to the desk, feeling guilty that I'm a little excited about making Jakoby another appointment. Of course, I want to see him get better, but with me working at the clinic it makes me wonder if I'll ever see him again after this. I guess it will be about the same relationship I have now. \"Is Monday at 6:30 alright?\" He nods, then looks over his shoulder briefly before leaning over the desk ledge again. \"Do you want to go to dinner?\" Logically? No. Absolutely freaking not. Dinner? I can't keep my feelings for him at some restaurant. The diner was different. I could run and hide. Yet, at the same time, I can't keep denying my feelings. \"You need to rest, and I'm in scrubs.\" Good save. \"I'm a grown man. Besides, your attire makes no difference to me.\" My mind races with that last comment. \"I really would prefer not to wear scrubs in public.\" \"If I take you home to change, will you go to dinner me?\" Say no, say no, say no! \"Ok,\" I stammer. Shoot! \"I'll be in my vehicle.\" When he leaves, I slam my head face first into the desk. A date?! A date![Chapter 5] A/N This chapter is fluff nonsense. I should feel bad, but I don't. Home. A place where I can go. To take this off my shoulders. At first, I think he's blown me off because I don't see his police SUV, but it makes sense he wouldn't have it if he's off duty. I see his hand stick out of an older black single cab truck. \"Good day,\" I greet him as stiff as my mannerisms. You idiot. Good day? You just saw him ten minutes ago, and it's the evening. I wonder if he's wearing his uniform to dinner? Not that I mind. It'd just be nice to know anything about him at this point, even something as minor as his style. Neither of us say one word on the ride to my apartment. We're off to a great start. \"I'll return.\" I'll return? I guess I should be proud of myself though. At least I've managed to get the courage to say something to him. It takes me so long to get ready that Jakoby actually thinks I'm in trouble and comes looking for me. \"I was concerned. Will you be much longer?\" The truth is, I don't have anything nice to wear and I'm frustrated. These jeans have a rip in the back pocket that I've been trying to hand sew. I'm as ready as I'll ever be. \"Boyfriend,\" Kodgah giggles as he points at Jakoby from his apartment. \"What did he say?\" Jakoby asks me as we walk to his truck. Really? Like an Orc can't hear at least half a mile out. Well, I assume at least. Still, I try to lie to Jakoby and follow it up with insecurity. \"Are you sure you want to go out to eat? Your lungs-\" \"I wouldn't have offered otherwise.\" Jakoby puts in a CD. It's Cannibal Corpse's Hammer Smashed Face. It helps settle my nerves. I really like them. I turn it up a little past three minutes into the song because the riff is my favorite. I'm completely unaware that I've used my left hand to do it. Jakoby seems more interested in the fact that I'm not fleeing his truck from the music than with my hand. This song is four minutes, and conveniently as it ends he stops. We're not at a restaurant, we're at some apartments. \"Come on.\" Now I understand why he said my attire makes no difference to him if we're just eating at his place. Though I have to say, it's nice to know he's only four minutes from me. Before I go in his door, he puts his hand against the frame to stop me. \"I want to take you out. You… deserve to be taken out, but we both know how tense things are between Orcs and Humans. Especially with me after my partner was shot and with him returning tomorrow to the force. The entire world seems to be at every turn and home is the only place I feel that I can be myself.\" I can see that. He's already said more to me tonight than all the other times combined. \"Ok,\" I smile. I notice he doesn't have a table. Where are we supposed to have dinner? Oh, no. Am I just a booty call? Is that what he thinks of me? \"This way,\" he says, sliding his back door open. It leads into a modest backyard with a small pond and a beautiful garden. He's taken the liberty of making up a place for us to sit and have dinner. My nerves settle and I feel guilty thinking Jakoby would treat me like that. \"Thank you, this is lovely.\" He nods, his ears having the slightest twitch in excitement to them. Like my praises mean something to him. \"Make yourself at home.\" After having a look around the backyard, I run my fingers through the pond as some of the fish follow. I smell the food before I hear Jakoby. He's changed from his tactical vest and police shirt and is just wearing a white undershirt with his pants and boots. \"Eggplant lasagna, ok? I remember you said you didn't eat cow flesh either.\" Oh! He remembered something about me? Luckily, my freckles hide the blushing. \"I actually made it last night because it always tastes better the next day. I was just hoping you'd want to have dinner.\" The fact that asking me to dinner wasn't just some on the spot thing makes me feel more special than I ever have. He is perfect. This is better than a restaurant. \"I really appreciate all this.\" He puts the dish on the steel table, then pulls out my chair. I try and hold back my tears of joy. I'm in such disbelief right now. It's also nice that for once someone plates my food. Takes care of me. I figured he'd sit across from me, but he pulls the chair next to me to sit. Jakoby is about an inch shy of six feet so he towers over me. And I love those broad shoulders of his. Especially, in the white undershirt. \"Don't spill any on your shirt,\" I joke. \"Why would I spill?\" My cheeks are as red as the sauce now. \"It was a joke.\" I forget that Orcs tend to take everything literally. I wish I could read him. He's close physically, but I feel alone. Until his words catch me off guard. \"A lot of times, well when you worked there, I'd go to the diner and just sit in my truck. Too intimidated to go in and talk to you. That I'd say something and you'd think I was stupid. But now I see that it's true for you, too. You don't have to be nervous around me, or make small talk.\" \"Maybe it would be easier if you'd speak up once in a while.\" \"You want me to speak? I don't want you living in that Orcish community.\" \"You don't have to worry about me, Jakoby.\" \"It's not worry I have for you. I want better for you. More for you. You deserve more.\" \"Well, I worry for you. Worry that you'll be shot or injured on duty.\" \"Don't be. You can't worry about something that hasn't happened.\" \"Have you ever had to fire your weapon?\" \"Never. I don't believe in violence solving violence.\" That makes me feel a little better. \"Are you mad at me?\" \"Why would I be mad at you?\" \"You're always so serious.\" \"Being earnest and being angry is not the same thing. Which I'm neither, especially when it comes to you.\" \"How about a smile then? Maybe something to assure me.\" He lets out a huff, his nostrils flaring. \"It's because your teeth are filed, isn't it?\" He shifts uncomfortably in his seat. \"I don't have very many redeeming qualities, and let's just say my teeth aren't one.\" \"But I think it is. Filling them down would take a great deal of courage. If you went as far to do it, be proud of it.\" His eyes move up and I'm given a smile. Not because I asked, but because of my words. \"Better,\" I say, returning the smile. Every time Jakoby looks at me, I wonder if he's studying the vitiligo. I can only hide so much with my left hand and long sleeves. Or my hair cascading around my face to hide my neck. \"Eat.\" Maybe it's because I didn't cook, but it's the best meal I've ever had. Jakoby seems less tense. I'm less tense. So what do I do? Start asking questions that could possibly ruin it. \"If we can't be seen in public together, how is this going to work?\" \"This is for your protection.\" \"Jakoby, that doesn't answer my question.\" His large fingers coil around mine. \"Why do you call me Jakoby and not Nick?\" \"Because you never told me your name was Nick.\" He slowly shakes his head side to side. I drop mine because I'm not ready to admit that's what I've always known him as from when I was a little girl. \"I like it. Our little thing. I don't know how it's going to work, but it will. Does that answer your question?\" I nod. Though I'm still a bit unclear on where we stand. I wish he'd just say he has feelings for me instead of being cryptic. Still, this evening is even more than I could ever ask for. His thumb rubs across my fingers. \"Let's get you home.\" That entire drive, the words are right there. I was that little girl. My name is Oz. I have thought about you every day since then. Now that I'm grown up, I just want to be with you. You are everything to me, Nicolas. Except, I just can't. I want him to see me for me, and not the pity I saw in his eyes when he took me from that house. I'm so disappointed to be back home. Despite my thoughts about Jakoby only wanting me over to have sex, I desperately want to invite him inside. For anything other than an awkward goodbye. I want a hug. A kiss. For him to make love to me. Anything other than- \"Goodnight.\" -that word. My eyes sink as I start inside. \"Hey,\" he calls. I turn back around to see he's at my feet. \"Yes?\" \"Do you want to have dinner again with me? Maybe some dessert next time?\" Oh, gosh. Is that sexual? Is he implying… I nod my head furiously because I can't speak. He takes me by the right hand and kisses my fingers. \"Goodnight.\" \"Goodnight,\" I giggle. \"Better,\" he winks. I have to hold myself up by the doorframe because my knees are weak from that expression of his. One that I believe is only reserved for me. Hmm, Oz Jakoby. I do like the sound of that. Alright, I'm getting ahead of myself.[Chapter 6] As I start to leave for work, I drop my things to the ground. Bilge is stabbing a man several times in the stomach before the knife is finally stilled and the man drops to the concrete. Kodgah is crying in his mother's arms. I'm quick to his side to see what's going on. \"Oh, gosh. Bilge, what happened?!\" Bilge is shaken up. Apparently, this filth on the ground broke into Bilge's house. When he was startled by Kodgah, the man struck Kodgah and then tried to strangle him. \"Bilge, give me the knife.\" I try to coax it from his hand. Intruder or not, if police find out that Bilge killed a human, I know what they'll do to him. \"Oz, my son,\" Bilge cries. \"I know.\" I frantically try and clean the knife, then put my fingerprints on it. \"Go change, hurry! Get that blood from you.\" The man that attacked Kodgah is dead. What a coward to attack a child. I lived it for most of my childhood, and it disturbs me to know that this kind of thing still happens. \"Bilge, listen to me,\" I start when he comes outside. I take some of the blood and put it on my hands, jeans, and shirt. \"When the police get here, I did it. Do you understand me?\" \"No!\" \"Yes. It has to be this way. It's the only way. We were outside and the man attacked Kodgah. I ran to get a knife, then stabbed him. That's what happened. That's what happened,\" I say louder for everyone to hear. The police come fast when it's a human and I'm quickly taken to the ground after I drop the knife. Gosh. They don't have to be so rough. I'm not even one hundred pounds. Everything is so overwhelming and so degrading once I arrive at the jail. I'm treated like an animal. Stripped, then given this green jumper. The shoes are soft, at least. My bed mat is about two inches thick, and the sheets smell like bleach. Though that's better than the waft of smells that hit me every time they open another door. It's better me than Bilge, I tell myself with every step. The cops probably would have beat him to death in front of his family. At least this way, I know his boys will have their father. I cry my first night in jail because I've never been this scared in my entire life and I'm even more terrified as I step out of my cell that morning. \"Oz,\" one of the officer's call. \"Yes, sir? I'm Oz.\" \"Phone call.\" It's hard to hear anything with how wound up everyone is, but I manage. \"Hello?\" \"Oz, it's Bilge. Are you ok?\" It's so comforting to hear his voice. \"I'm ok,\" I smile even though I'm talking to a phone. \"Look, I'm going to make this right. I swear to you. Look around. Do you see a heavy set older Orc?\" \"Yes.\" \"That's Smitty. She's gonna take care of you. After we hang up, you go sit by her. Anything you need, you ask her.\" \"Thank you, Bilge.\" \"No, Oz. Thank you. You saved my life… again. Everyone here knows what you did. I'll call you tomorrow. Just think of this like a place to relax. A very… boring, but place to relax.\" \"Ok, I'll talk to you tomorrow.\" I hang up the phone and take my seat next to Smitty. \"I'm-\" \"Oz! Hey,\" she snaps at one of the humans. This god-awful looking chocolate pie mess is scooted over to me. \"We call it correctional cake. It's better than it looks.\" What I come to realize is being in jail, stuff like this is a rarity. Bilge let Smitty know why I was here, and the women used their commissary to welcome me. Another rarity. \"Thank you.\" I turn my attention to the TV. My heart aches as I watch the news. Jakoby and Ward were injured severely in a fire. Jakoby managed to pull Ward out of the burning building, but both are in ICU. The women think I'm distressed about being here which I am, but... Jakoby! Will he be ok? \"Oz, you'll be out before you know it.\" \"Yeah,\" I stammer, tucking some hair behind my ear. At least, that's what I'm trying to tell myself. 'Before I know it' turns into two months. Bilge kept his promise and called me every day. He also sent me money for commissary. I enjoy the days I can talk to Kodgah. \"I miss you,\" Kodgah says. \"I miss you, too. Are you being nice to your brother?\" \"Uh. Not really, but I'll be nicer. Are you coming home soon?\" \"I'm not sure.\" \"Ok,\" he sighs. \"I gotta go now. Oz?\" \"Yes?\" \"I love you. Thank you for saving my dad again.\" My eyes well up. \"I love you, too.\" Jakoby and Ward are being released from the hospital the news reports. I know that with his job Jakoby can't associate with me, but it hurts as the days pass. Or maybe he doesn't know I'm in here. I just don't know how much more of this same routine I can keep doing. Soap carved dominos. Pacing. Working out. TV. Soap carved dominos. TV. Pacing. Repeat. I just fear that I've ruined everything between Jakoby and me. I don't believe in violence solving violence. Jakoby has always had a code when it comes to humans. Just like I have always had one for Orcs. If he thinks I've killed a human to save an Orc, it's an absolute certainty our time is over before it even begins. Today is the day of my trial. Either I'll be released from jail, or sent to prison to serve the rest of my time for murder. I speak to the jury and let them know how the person I killed was attacking a child, but I'm interrupted by a man. \"It's an Orc, not a child.\" The man's words start to fill me with doubt because I fear that they'll all have this mentality. That even despite how Jakoby saved Ward's life for all the world to see, it doesn't change anything. Why can't a human safe an Orcs life? I can stand here and cry and plead my case, but I don't because some people will never change their thought process. \"I don't regret what I did, and I'd do it again to save the child's life.\" I return to my seat next to my lawyer as my words rile up the courtroom. \"Order,\" the judge shouts. The jury is dismissed to decide my fate. \"That wasn't a good closing argument,\" my lawyer tells me. \"I know it was.\" If the truth means being behind bars for the rest of my life, so be it. A/N The next chapter will be the last one because I'm really down about my writing and I just don't want to waste anyone's time more than I already have. Thank you to those of you who have made it this far.[Chapter 7] It takes the Jury seven minutes to return. \"Oz Bellamy, will you please stand and face the Jury?\" I get to my feet, my hands still in shackles. \"The court of California in the county of Los Angeles in the matter of the people in the state of California versus Oz Bellamy. We the Jury find the defendant Oz Bellamy not guilty of the crime of murder...\" The relief is overwhelming and this isn't about me being released from jail, it's that people have finally seen what I always have. Everyone is equal. We're all just people trying to work and better our lives. Well, ok, maybe not Elves… \"Sign here, Ms. Bellamy.\" I can't wait to leave this jail to never have to hear my father's last name again. When I'm finally released, I walk to the edge of the steps to see Bilge and Dorghu at the bottom of them. Along with dozens and dozens of other Orcs. Some I've never even met. Dorghu cuts the palm of his hand then raises his fist with a shout, followed by all the other Orcs. Even little Kodgah raises his fist. The gesture is so touching, my tears give as I make my way down the steps. \"Thank you,\" I tell them as I'm pulled into hugs. Oh, my, they're a lot stronger than I thought. I feel like a rag doll. \"Oz,\" Bilge says, picking me up. In a strange way, it's like I'm a part of his family. I wasn't able to save my sister, but I could save Kodgah. And I know that somewhere, my sister had a hand in that. To make sure that I'd see the outside again. \"My legs are numb,\" I tell Bilge. \"Shit. Sorry. We don't know our own strength.\" He sets me down. I lean into him, lowering my voice. \"Uh. You can't blood a human, can you?\" \"We can do whatever we want. Look, you've always been one of us, but this is our way of showing you how much you mean to us.\" \"Thank you,\" I smile. \"Does this mean I have to learn how to speak Bodzvokhan now?\" \"Of course,\" Bilge laughs. Yikes. The Orcs pitched in and helped pay for my apartment the two months I was gone so my things wouldn't have been sold off. \"Did prison change you, Oz,\" Kodgah asks. \"I was in jail,\" I laugh, \"and no.\" \"Good, because I like you the way you are.\" Bilge shakes his head. \"Go get in the bath. You have school tomorrow.\" He turns to face me. \"Goodnight, Oz. Welcome home. What you did will never be forgotten. That Jakoby guy came looking for you. I told him what happened.\" \"Was he upset?\" \"No. He seemed proud. I dunno know, that stoic shit is kinda hard to read.\" \"Does that mean he's welcome around here?\" \"Yeah… Dorghu made it pretty clear Jakoby is one of us. I still don't think he's good enough for you though.\" \"Jakoby saved my life as a child. I think that's good enough in my book. Goodnight,\" I smile. The Orcs also bought me a TV that I walk into. That was thoughtful. Hmm, how do I work this thing? I hit the remote a few times before it turns on. My stomach jumps when I see Jakoby's face. The news says that there will be a ceremony for him and Ward held tomorrow at City Hall. 1pm. Oh! I've got to work on sewing something nice! Today is the day I plan to tell Jakoby that the little girl he saved was me. I dig under my bed and pull out a small trunk of keepsakes. The most important being Jakoby's hat he gave to me when he took me from that house. You're brave, alright? I wonder if he still has my fairy? Or if he still thinks I'm brave? I'm so nervous as I wait for the ceremony to begin. I hide in the back because I'm not sure if Jakoby wants anything to do with me after everything. Bilge could have been lying about Jakoby seeming proud. Or maybe I just really don't want to be seen because then it would make telling him how I feel real. As he receives his medal, I'm so proud of him. He's more of a man than any of them could ever hope to be. When two older Orcs hug Jakoby, I realize that this isn't the place to tell this man how I feel. In fact, I feel foolish and walk away from the ceremony. \"Hey,\" Jakoby calls. I keep walking only to be stopped by traffic so I can't cross the street. Come on! \"Oz,\" Jakoby says behind me, reaching out and touching my shoulder. My eyes well up instantly. Oh, gosh. \"You've known my name this entire time?\" \"Yes. Seeing you at the diner wasn't by accident. Nothing was ever by accident because I have always kept tabs on you. Tabs because I wanted more for you. For you to leave this city and better your life. Then you became a woman, and I realized that pushing you away wasn't so easy. It seemed like no matter what, you always ended up back right here. That's when I bought a place a few minutes from you. Finally got up the courage to come in that diner. I just didn't realize how hard it was to tell you what I've felt for the last year.\" Oh my gosh. For this last year, all we've done is chase each other. Not even that well, might I add. \"I didn't want your pity. I wanted you to want me for me.\" \"I do want you.\" His large hand covers my cheek. I close my eyes as he leans in for a kiss. I'm eager to return it and try to follow his lead. Even though I feel clumsy, for the first time in my life, I feel confident. The embrace is something I've longed for, but never knew it'd be anything like this. Despite it being brief, I feel satisfied. \"Come with me.\" Jakoby takes me to his truck. \"Bilge told me this morning that you got out of jail. I had no idea, or you know I would have done everything I could to get you out.\" \"I know. You were sorta busy in the hospital.\" \"I was a little hurt when you didn't come to visit me. Thought maybe I had been too forward at dinner or something. Now I know why.\" \"So you had nothing to do with me getting out of jail?\" \"No. This time you didn't need saving. You got out because of you. I heard you caused quite the commotion.\" As Jakoby opens his truck door, in the passenger seat sits my fairy. \"We had the same idea,\" he smiles, taking his hat from me. I reach in and get my fairy off the bench seat. My brow furrows when I see a ring on his ankle. I tug it off and turn around. Jakoby is on one knee. He takes the ring from me and slides it on my finger. \"Are you still going to call me Jakoby when we're married?\" \"Are you still going to be vague and cryptic?\" \"Yes, but at least you'll know every single day that I love you.\" I move my arms around him. He gets to his feet, picking me up with him. \"I love you, too.\" Perhaps our story might be strange to some, or taboo to others, but sometimes you can't help who you love. I can't think of a more perfect person out there for me. One that has always protected me. One that has returned my love in full. To know that I don't have to hide my feelings any longer or say goodnight and anticipate nervously the next time I'll see him overwhelms me in the best way. \"Home?\" \"Will there be dessert,\" I smile. \"I didn't make any.\" My eyes shift side to side. \"No, dessert. Dessert .\" \"I need to stop by the store and purchase ingredients. Do you want me to- Oh. I understand. That was a conjugal love joke.\" \"And yours wasn't the first time?!\" \"No, I really meant dessert.\" This man. Of course, he would think that… End. A/N Thank you for reading, all! ","Summary":" When I was a little girl, I used to pray that every time the padlock was removed from the outside o"},{"Movie":"Bright","Title":"Blair's Bright","Author":"complete-randomalities","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13004176","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Blair has survived in a Reality with Witches, Vampires, and Werewolves – So surviving in a Reality with Elves, Orcs, Fairies, and Brights should be easy…right? Welcome to Los Angeles! The city of…Orcs, Elves, Werewolves, humans of course, and pesky Fairies among other things. Fairy tales, myths, and legends are history – prophecy. When Blair entered this Reality she thought it was like some weird acid trip but it eventually became her home…even if she wasn't accepted amongst her own kind. Werewolves are a stickler for Pure Bloods only being allowed in the Pack. And, well, since Blair's Alter is a human half-breed they shun her because she can't turn into a Wolf. She's done pretty well navigating around the Pack to stay out of trouble, and alive for that matter, but that's not going to last forever. But let's not get ahead of ourselves. Here comes the story… Blair has the enhanced speed, strength, senses, etc of a Wolf but doesn't seem to have an actual Wolf form to change into. Because of this, the Pack has shunned her and labelled her the Lone Half-Breed. The first couple weeks after being sent to this Reality by Bonnie's spell were confusing and hard to navigate but the more the memories came, it was easier for her to adapt. Blair knew the Spell sent her there for a reason but hasn't found it yet, so she uses her enhanced attributes to make a living. Blair likes to consider herself a Private Investigator, but really she spies on criminals and sells the info to Human police officer Daryl Ward and his Orc partner Nick Jakoby. So her P.I. title is really more along the lines of a C.I., but hey, whatever works. Blair hadn't been able to sell some info for awhile because Ward got shot and Jakoby was afraid to meet with her alone. He'd never admitted it to her, but she could smell his discomfort that bordered on fear. He was probably worried about Orc retaliation for even speaking to her because the Orcs were allied strongly with the Werewolves. That was her guess anyway, even though Jakoby wasn't Blooded – the Orc equivalent of being in the Pack. Well, Ward was back on the job so Blair gathered up her intel. Whether or not he was going to buy it all was to be determined, but hey, she was willing to take what she could get. Blair shoved the folders into her messenger bag, checked her gun to make sure it was all set and slipped it into the back of her belt, then put her camera in her bag as well. After making sure her gun was covered, she pulled the hood to her coat over her head and left her apartment - If one could even call it that. Blair was living in a condemned apartment building where a lot of teenagers hung out to get stoned or homeless ones to crash. They all knew better than to mess with Blair – a lesson that was learned the last time they tried to go through her stuff. Blair walked down the rickety staircase and grumbled a bit when a Fairy flew right in her face. \"Dammit, Carl! If you let this thing out of its cage again I will kill it!\" Fairies in this Reality were nothing like Tinkerbell. They're creepy-looking, annoying as hell, little pesty monsters. A homeless teenager, Carl, darted up the stairs with a butterfly net. \"It picked the lock, I swear!\" \"Whatever, just deal with it.\" Blair called out to Carl as it chased his pet Fairy upstairs, \"If it shits in my shoes again you're cleaning them!\" She rolled her eyes with a heavy sigh and continued downstairs. Blair almost made it out the door when another homeless teen, Sofie, came rushing over to her. \"Spit it out, Sofie.\" Blair could tell the young girl was anxious about asking her something. Sofie grinned innocently. \"Can I please have five dollars?\" \"I don't have five dollars to give,\" Blair answered honestly, but went into her pockets anyway. \"I have a buck and a stick of chewing gum. And a rewards card to Starbucks. Look at that, you get a free coffee.\" \"I'll take it!\" Sofie accepted the money and card, even the gum, and grinned. \"Thanks!\" Blair didn't need to ask what Sofie wanted the money for, she could tell the girl was hungry. Hell, they all were. Hopefully Ward would pay good for her info because not only was she hungry herself, but she felt a responsibility for the homeless kids that stayed in the building and they needed to eat, too. \"Yo, Mattie!\" Matt was the oldest of the homeless kids, being seventeen, and was kinda like Blair's second in command when it came to keeping everyone safe and out of trouble. It didn't hurt that he was her Matt's Alter, but of course never mentioned that, especially since magic was outlawed. When he heard his name called, he went to the front door where Blair stood. \"Some jackass swiped a few of the blankets last night. New kid, hasn't been back since.\" Matt moved some of his blonde hair out of his eyes. \"I'll sniff them out later,\" Blair answered nonchalantly. \"I've got to take care of some things. Make sure Carl captures that freaking Fairy. You'll hold down the fort?\" Matt jokingly stood at attention and saluted her. \"Yes, Ma'am.\" Blair rolled her eyes at that. \"You're lucky you're not in the Armed Forces – they'd make you cut your hair.\" She laughed when Matt gasped in horror and went out the door, groaning in annoyance when the doorknob fell off again . Blair got the call through to Ward and was told where to meet that night. She stood outside the closed down convenience store and waited for them. Finally, Jakoby pulled the police cruiser up to her with Ward in the passenger seat. To mess with Jakoby a bit, she leaned in his rolled down window and grinned. \"Hey there, handsome. Your ears are exceptionally pointy this evening. Are you happy to see me?\" When Jakoby started stammering incoherently, Ward cut through. \"What have you got?\" Blair pulled out the files that were filled with pictures, dates, times, etc and handed them across to Ward. \"The Drifters are smuggling in shit again. I could have brought it to Narcotics, but you pay better. That's everything they've been doing since you've been on vacation.\" Jakoby spoke up at that moment to correct her. \"He wasn't on vacation. He was shot. He needed to heal.\" Blair just looked at him blankly and blinked a few times. \"I know that, Nick. I was being – nevermind.\" She turned her attention back to Ward. \"That's gotta be worth a few hundred bucks, right?\" \"Fifty,\" Ward countered as he looked at the pictures. \"Are you kidding me? I put my neck out on the line to get those photos and you only offer me fifty bucks? Maybe I will bring it to Narcotics.\" Blair reached across again but Ward pulled them from her reach. Ward thought for a moment. \"A hundred.\" \"Three hundred,\" Blair counter offered. \"I got kids to feed, ya know.\" \"Two hundred and I won't report where those kids you feed happen to live.\" That was Ward's final offer. Blair was willing to take that, especially since it was more than she thought she'd get. \"Deal. And can I get a ride? You really pulled me out of the way with this meeting spot.\" Ward sighed in frustration. \"Fine. But don't mess it up back there. We already had some wack-job vomit back there.\" Blair had just finished getting into the back of the cruiser when he said that to her. Her nose scrunched up a bit at the residual smell. \"Oh, I know. I can tell.\" \"I cleaned it,\" Jakoby said a bit defensively. \"Wolves have better senses of smell than Orcs do – even half-breed ones like me.\" Blair was about to tell them exactly where she needed to go, but was interrupted when a call came in on the radio. She stayed quiet while Ward answered back that they were in route. \"So I'm guessing I'm not getting dropped off first?\" \"You guessed right,\" Ward answered as he put the files in a safe place before slipping the money through the grate for Blair. Blair accepted the cash and grinned. \"Don't worry, I'll behave. Unless Nick here gives me one of his debonair smiles. If that happens, all bets are off.\" Nick shifted uncomfortably in his seat and adjusted his grip on the steering wheel. \"Alright, alright, I'll stop,\" she laughed and counted the money to make sure it was all there. Blair looked out the window and noticed something. \"Hey, since you're pretty much going in the direction I need to, how about dropping me off where your call is sending you?\" She added in with an enticing sing-songy tone, \"Two Fairies, one stone.\" \"Sounds like a plan. The sooner you get out of this car the better.\" Ward had nothing against Blair, not really. She was one hell of a C.I. but annoyed the shit out of him. Blair had a knack for finding the best – or worst – possible ways of getting under people's skin. He'd swear it was like her superpower – on top of the ones she already had of course. This was proven ten times over when Blair leaned forward and asked, \"So, Ward, how did you end up getting your ass shot?\" Ward rubbed his eyes and pinched the bridge of his nose, regretting like hell that he agreed to give her a ride. End Part 1[Chapter 2] Blair looked out the window of the Police cruiser SUV and recognized where they were. \"You know what, on second thought I think I'll have you guys give me a ride all the way. I know better than to walk around this territory at night.\" It wasn't just because she was afraid for her life, but because she had an understanding. Blair made a deal with the gang leader that she'd never snitch on anything they do in exchange for them leaving the 'kids' under her care alone. The last thing Blair needed was for there to be some sort of misunderstanding that would nullify their arrangement. And she also hoped that the spotter on the stairs they drove past didn't happen to see her in the back seat. Ward looked back to say, \"We're not your personal chauffeurs, Han.\" \"She has a point though,\" Jakoby mildly interjected. \"She really shouldn't be walking around here alone.\" Blair had to take that moment to tease him, especially since she could sense his discomfort – it was too amusing for her not to. \"Awww, Nick! You do care.\" Jakoby stayed silent as he pulled up to the address that was called in to them. Strange activity was pretty much the only details they were given, so what they were walking into exactly wasn't known at the moment. Ward sighed heavily and pointed firmly at Blair through the divider grate. \"Fine. We'll give you a ride back to your place after we check this out. And stay in the car.\" \"Ohhhh no,\" Blair waved her hands around and shook her head. \"I've dealt with the residual vomit smell long enough. I need air. So one of you open the door or I'll break it open. You both know I will.\" She looked between the officers as they seemed to have a silent conversation with one another about her request and finally Jakoby opened the door for her. \"Ever the gentleman.\" She pulled her hood over her head as she got out of the vehicle in hopes of not being recognized by anyone that might see. Jakoby smiled and chuckled a little as his ears twitched ever so slightly. Ward was really getting tired of this banter – or whatever it was – between them. \"Just jump each other's bones and get it over with already – After we deal with this call.\" Blair leaned back against the cruiser and laughed at Jakoby's inability to process Ward's comment. She'd never sensed an attraction from Jakoby before but it's not like it's an exact science. Plus, he's an Orc so that's just another level of complication in the sensing department. Blair didn't put much thought into this and started looking through her bag just for something to do and that's when an odd scent caught her attention. It was nothing like anything she'd ever smelled before. To describe it would be almost impossible but it seemed to dance upon her senses. This piqued her curiosity so she had to check it out, and it just so happened to be in the building Ward and Jakoby were heading towards. Making a split-second decision, she sprinted after them. Ward stopped when he realized what she was doing and pointed back to the cruiser. \"Get back to the car.\" \"There's something in…\" Blair didn't get a chance to finish her sentence because bullets were being fired at them. She darted behind an SUV with Ward and Jakoby who both had their weapons drawn. \"Is this a bad time to say that they may be firing at me?\" \"What?\" Ward's tone made it clear he wasn't happy about what he was hearing. \"I'm technically not supposed to be in this territory. I leave them alone, they leave me and my kids alone,\" Blair explained. \"That spotter might be thinking I'm reneging on the deal and looking into them.\" She spoke quickly because the bullets were still being shot at them. \"You didn't think to mention this before getting out of the damn car?!\" Yeah, Ward was definitely a bit pissed. Jakoby cut into their conversation to say, \"This is my first time being shot at and I have to say I don't like it very much.\" \"If I die, take care of my kids.\" Blair pointed at both of them. \"Mattie, Carl, and Sophie need someone to look after them. I mean it, boys.\" \"Nothing's gonna happen to you because on three Jakoby and I are going to dump this asshole.\" Ward looked at Jakoby to make sure he understood. Jakoby nodded. \"Right, makes sense,\" he stammered a bit, \"use – use force.\" Ward double checked his weapon before saying, \"One – two – three.\" Blair covered her ears when they stood up and started firing at the shooter that was firing upon them. \"I should have brought some ear plugs,\" Blair grumbled to herself before they moved back down to take cover. \"You alright?\" Ward asked Jakoby, \"You good? Any holes?\" \"Only the ones I was born with,\" Jakoby answered with a smile then asked his partner in return, \"How are your holes?\" Blair snickered a bit when Ward shot back with, \"The fuck can you make a shootout awkward?\" \"Sorry,\" Jakoby instantly answered, realizing his mistake in wording. \"Sorry.\" Ward ignored this and moved on because they were still being shot at. The windows of the SUV they were hiding behind getting shattered in the process. \"Wait for the reload – he's gonna need to reload.\" When it was silent for more than two seconds he said, \"Now!\" Both Ward and Jakoby stood up and fired repeatedly again at the window where the shooter was firing from. When they reloaded their weapons, Ward took a chance and looked at the window. A bloody arm fell out of it into view, dropping their gun in the process. \"We got him. Blair, back to the fucking car.\" \"Not yet.\" Blair winked at him and darted for the door with a bit of a speed boost while Ward and Jakoby kept their aim ready in case there were others. She opened the metal grate door for them and bowed, \"Gentlemen.\" Ward was clearly not pleased with her. \"Just because you are faster on your feet and your healing, doesn't make you invincible.\" \"You know you love me like the sister you never had.\" Blair grinned as Ward and Jakoby entered the building. \"Yeah, the annoying pain in the ass one,\" Ward muttered before saying clearly, \"You stay behind us, Han. If anything goes south, you get the hell out of here. Understood?\" Blair held up her hands in a noncommittal manner and followed them. Jakoby didn't particularly care for the situation they were in or the fact that Blair was with them. \"Shouldn't we call in the cavalry?\" \"We are the cavalry,\" Ward shot back, keeping his weapon held at the ready with the attached light on as he walked down the hall. When they reached the staircase, Blair stopped for a second because of the graffiti on the walls. It was the symbol for the Shield of Light – a group of magical people who protect the world from the resurrection of the Dark Lord….or something like that. Blair tried to steer clear of anything magic related in case they could sense she wasn't from this Reality and was pretty much just hitching a ride in her Alter's body until their death. Blair realized that Ward and Jakoby were already ascending the staircase, so she quickly pulled out her camera and took a few pictures of the symbol and the words on the wall before catching up to them. The smell of blood hit her almost like a freight train as soon as she walked through the door on the upper level. There was shelving all over the place with lots of rolled up papers upon them, an area that had clear plastic curtains around it, food and supplies to last through the freaking apocalypse, and big holes in a bunch of the walls. Not to mention the arsenal of weapons – there were a lot of weapons. Seeing all this was making her doubt coming just a little bit, but she had to find the source of the scent that was still dancing upon her senses. As Blair made her way through the area, she took pictures of just about everything – the charred dead bodies she came across included – and suddenly…she found it, she found the source. \"Holy shhh…talking mushrooms…\" There was a woman – an Elvish woman if she had to guess – on – in the wall was more like it – with bloodied arms held over her head, but there was more…glowing, pulsating tendrils came out from her abdomen that spread out across the wall almost like they were wings. There was something grotesquely beautiful about this and it most definitely wasn't a death by normal means. Blair raised her camera and took a few pictures before calling out, \"Guys! Guys, you need to get in here like right now!\" A moment later, Ward and Jakoby entered the room and as soon as Ward saw the woman, he called in for backup due to the possibility of a Bright being at their location. A Bright was a being that could wield a Magic Wand and use it. Most Brights were Elves but Human ones did exist – even if they were only one in a million. Blair couldn't be around magic – she couldn't risk it. \"I'm out.\" Before either of them could stop her, she ran like hell to get out of there. After getting outside, Blair intended on running all the way back home but gasped when a young female Elf wearing mittens came running out of the building being pursued by Ward and Jakoby. Blair barely jumped out of the way of a burst of magic coming from the Elf woman. She hit the ground hard and groaned a bit because of it. Jakoby helped Blair to her feet since Ward had the Elf at gun point. \"You alright? Any holes?\" He was clearly kicking himself for asking her that. \"Just the ones I was born with,\" Blair chuckled then her breath trembled a bit because of what she saw on the ground at Ward's feet. She pointed a shaky finger in its direction. \"Is – is that a…\" Jakoby confirmed her suspicions when he said in awe, \"That's a Magic Wand.\" An 'oh shit' expression spread across Blair's face because that was exactly what she was afraid of. End Part 2[Chapter 3] There was a Magic Wand on the ground at Ward's feet not too far away from Blair and that was too close for comfort. She'd stayed under the radar of anyone magical – including the Magic Feds – since she arrived in this Reality and had no intention of that changing. \"Good luck with all this.\" Blair saluted them and walked away. She didn't get as far as planned though, because when Ward asked the Elf girl who she was she answered with \"Please help me\" in Elvish. Those three little words struck a strong chord with her and at that moment, it pissed her off. \"Dammit.\" When Blair arrived, Ward was telling Jakoby that he didn't speak Elvish and Jakoby in return told Ward that he only took a couple years of it in High School. \"Move aside, boys.\" Blair squeezed between them to get to the Elf girl. \"So, what? You're telling me you speak Elvish now?\" Ward found that a bit hard to believe. \"I'm more fluent than either of you.\" Blair crouched down in front of the Elf girl and hoped like hell she wasn't going to regret sticking around. \" Why do we need to protect you?\" Blair asked in Elvish. \" They're coming. Please protect me and the Wand. I will keep your secret.\" The Elf girl answered back in Elvish as well. Blair tensed a bit at that. \"What secret? \" The Elf girl raised her hand and held it up in front of Blair's face. \" Alter .\" Ward did not like the fact those two were having a conversation he didn't understand. \"What they saying, Jakoby?\" Jakoby looked at Ward with a 'no clue' expression on his face. \"I only understood the part where she said someone was coming.\" Blair took a deep breath and got to her feet. \"She's with me.\" Ward scoffed heavily at that. \"Excuse me?\" Blair answered him in a slower manner so he wouldn't miss a thing. \"The. Elf. Girl. Is. With. Me. I Claim her.\" \"You – you can't do that,\" Jakoby informed her in a stammered way. \"You – you're not in a Pack. Only Pack members can Claim someone.\" Blair growled a bit before answering through her teeth. \" Fine , but she's scared as hell and wants protection so I'm giving it to her. Do you understand this? To get to her – you gotta get through me.\" The backup Ward called in had finally arrived so it was time to take care of the police business. \"Take your new charge to the car. We'll figure things out later.\" Before he went to join the other cops, he turned to Jakoby and pointed at him firmly. \"Stay here and make sure they don't do anything stupid.\" \"What exactly qualifies as doing something stupid?\" Jakoby instantly regretted that question when Ward's expression hardened. \"Right. Nothing stupid. I got it.\" He helped the Elf girl to her feet and went to get a blanket for her. \"Thanks, Nick.\" Blair said this to him as he wrapped the blanket around the Elf girl then turned her attention to her and spoke in Elvish. \"How did you know I'm an Alter? \" \" I can see it. If others discover what you are – You need to be protected as well.\" \" I can take care of myself. Now are you going to tell me what's going on or what?\" Blair wanted all the details but the Elf girl grew quiet and so did the information. When the Elf girl spoke again, she asked, \"Where is the Wand?\" Blair caught a glimpse of Ward scooping it up into a bag before carrying it inside the building with the other cops. \"Ward has it. Do not worry – he's a good guy.\" Blair wasn't lying when she said that but he was in possession of a Magic Wand and that was big . Her worry wasn't about what Ward might do with it but the other officers he was confiding in. \" What is your name?\" Blair figured they could at least get that out of the way now. \"I am Blair .\" \" Tikka, \" she answered as she climbed onto the hood of the car and wrapped the blanket tighter around her. Jakoby understood that much but everything else that was said between them was completely lost upon him. \"You are a very impressive lady.\" That statement was directed to Blair. \"This is just one of my many talents.\" Blair winked at him before turning back to Tikka, when Tikka said, \"We have to leave before she comes. \" Now this was something Jakoby did understand, so he stepped closer to ask her, \"Before who comes? \" Tikka didn't answer, she just shook her head in a 'no' manner – completely terrified. Blair was starting to get a little unnerved herself here. \"Hey, Nick, I know I'm not familiar with the whole policework thing but…shouldn't there be like some yellow tape around the place and a call to the Magic Feds made or something?\" Jakoby was wondering that himself and hoped to get an answer when Ward walked out of the building. He moved towards his partner, saying, \"Ward, what's going on? We haven't set up a perimeter or anything. And I'm pretty certain that pee-wee gangster saw the Wand.\" He held his hand back to gesture to Tikka. \"And she's spooked. Says somebody's coming. Like – like someone bad.\" It didn't sit well with Blair when Ward starting pacing back and forth. \"What's going on, Ward?\" Ward stopped long enough to say to her, \"Get the hell out of here, Blair. Now! \" Blair looked at him like he was insane. \"Yeah, that's not happening. Especially when you're pacing around here like a crazy person.\" \"This has nothing to do with you. This is between me and Jakoby.\" Ward was pretty firm with her. \" Go .\" He didn't want her witnessing anything more than she already had and before the night was out…it was only going to get worse. \" No .\" Blair stood her ground, she wasn't going anywhere. Ward didn't have time for this and turned to Jakoby. \"You let the shooter go, didn't you? Cause he was Clan Blood?\" Jakoby couldn't believe this is what Ward wanted to discuss. \"Now? You wanna fucking go through this right now?\" Ward stepped closer and tapped the side of Jakoby's face. \"What else you lie about, pigface?\" Jakoby took strong offense to that and pushed Ward back. \"Don't you put your hands on me!\" Blair tried to get in the middle of them before things got out of hand. \"This isn't the time or the place, boys.\" Ward was really getting sick of her. \"Mind your own damn business for once, Han!\" Jakoby didn't appreciate the tone he was taking with her. \"Don't talk to her like that!\" Ward ignored that demand and went back to what was still troubling him – He got shot by an Orc, Jakoby chased after the shooter only to 'lose' him. Yeah, he wasn't buying that story anymore. \"You screwed me. You screwed us both. Pigskin piece of shit. You screwed up my whole life over some stupid Orc knucklehead.\" Jakoby had enough of this. \"Screw you, Ward.\" He shoved him. \"Screw you!\" He started walking away but stopped when Ward pulled a gun on him. Blair couldn't believe what she was seeing but instantly reacted by pulling her own gun from the back of her belt and aimed it at Ward's head. \"Now clearly I don't know the whole story here, but if you don't put your gun down then we're going to have some problems.\" \"You gonna shoot me, Han? You do that and your kids aren't gonna have anyone to take care of them. You want that to happen? Go on – shoot me.\" Ward knew he had her there. Blair wouldn't knowingly do anything to prevent her from ever making it back to those kids. Blair's face contorted in anger and frustration because he was right but that didn't mean she wasn't going to try and keep him from doing anything stupid. She slowly walked in between Ward's gun and Jakoby before holding up her hands to show she wasn't going to use her gun and put it back to her belt. \"Have you had a psychotic break or something, Ward? Do you realize that you just pulled a gun on your partner? On freaking Nick?! And now I'm in the crossfire – what are you going to do about it?\" Jakoby was internally freaking out because Blair was standing in front of Ward's gun and Ward was clearly not liking it either. Ward adjusted his grip on the gun a little before declaring, \"I gave him plenty of time to talk about this. Karma is a bitch, Han, and here it comes – even if it has to go through you.\" Jakoby couldn't tell if Ward was serious or not but wasn't about to risk it. \"I let him go,\" he quickly interjected before Ward did anything that could hurt Blair. \"I let him go. You see my teeth? They're filed. I'm not Blooded, my father's not Blooded, his father's not Blooded.\" His emotions grew with every word. \"I've been shit on by Orcs my whole life! Huh, you know what that feels like, when your own people hate you?\" Ward may not, but Blair certainly did. \"Why did you lie, Nick?\" Ward wanted to know – he needed to know. Jakoby moved in front of Blair and kept his arm out to keep her behind him so now he was the one in front of Ward's gun. \"It wasn't Clan politics. I just had the wrong guy. The guy that shot you, I lost him in the crowd. I circled back, and I thought I had that guy dead to rights. But it was a different kid. He was just tagging. And the troops were coming – jacked-up humans with guns looking for an Orc who'd shot a cop. You think that kid had a chance?! They would have dropped him on the spot, so I did the right thing.\" Ward felt he had found a hole in Jakoby's story. \"You never saw his face. How do you know he wasn't the one that shot me?\" Jakoby sniffed. \"His smell. Yeah, years of evolution haven't taken away our sense of smell. And he smelled different. What human jury would believe that?\" \"What, he have on Axe body spray?\" Ward shot back. Jakoby scoffed. \"You see, this is what I have to deal with.\" He added in with emphasis, \"The Orc that shot you, he got away.\" \"He's telling the truth!\" Blair shouted at Ward, hoping to knock some sense into him. \"I give you my word that he's telling the truth. I can tell, Ward. I can sense it. He's not lying.\" Ward lowered his weapon and looked right at Jakoby as he came to his own conclusion. The group of officers that went into the building with Ward earlier were now coming out of it. One of them shouted, \"Ward! It's time.\" \"It's time?\" Blair gasped and Jakoby added in, \"Time for what?\" Ward stepped forward a little, asking, \"All four of them standing there?\" Jakoby nodded. \"Yeah.\" \"Your left to right, who is it?\" This was important for Ward to know. Jakoby looked over Ward's shoulder as he answered, \"Brown, Hicks, Pollard, and Ching. What's going on, Ward?\" Ward answered his question by quickly turning around and opening fire on the four police officers standing there. They wanted to steal the Wand and kill Jakoby, but what Ward didn't know was they intended on killing Tikka, Blair, and Ward as well. When the bullets started flying, Tikka practically flew off the hood of the car to take cover. Blair stayed behind Jakoby, not by choice, but because he was firmly staying protectively in front of her. Ward went over to the fallen officers and was prepared to shoot the surviving one dead but stopped when Jakoby finally reacted and raised his weapon, shouting, \"Partner, no! Put the gun away or I will have to shoot you! Come on, Ward, this isn't like you.\" Ward put his gun away and went back over to Jakoby. \"Alright, calm down. I know it looks bad.\" \"Shut up,\" Jakoby shot back with a trembling voice. \"Show me – show me your hands.\" With more conviction he shouted, \"Show me your hands!\" Blair put her hand on Jakoby's arm to try and gently lower his aim. \"He did what he had to do, Nick. They were bad guys – I could feel it. Ward, even with all his faults, is a good guy. If you can't believe that then believe me. I give you my word.\" Jakoby looked at Blair but quickly turned back to Ward. He could feel her eyes on him and that made him look at her again. He trusted her judgement and when he turned back to Ward again, he could see what Blair was telling him. With a groan of uncertainty he lowered his gun, raised it again, then put it back in his holster. Blair let out a deep breath of relief at this then pointed between Jakoby and Ward. \"You two need to find better ways to deal with your issues because this…\" she dramatically waved her hands around in circles at her sides, \"…is messed up.\" End Part 3[Chapter 4] This night was supposed to be simple. Blair was just supposed to sell the info to the boys, guilt them into a ride home, then get some food for herself and the kids. That's it. That was the plan. Plans can change, they often do, but this much? Yeah, that's not something Blair bargained for. Now instead of being at home with the kids, Blair was standing witness to Ward shooting down four officers, with a Magic Wand nearby, an Elf girl named Tikka, and Jakoby calling in to report the down officers on his radio – three KMA, one still breathing. This was not how this night was supposed to go. After putting the call in on the radio, Jakoby picked up the bag with the Wand inside and stuck it on the dashboard of the cruiser. He was freaking out a little bit at this turn of events. \"This is bad.\" Jakoby started to pace. \"This is really, really bad.\" Ward didn't have time to coddle his ass. \"Put your big girl panties on. They were going to kill us over that Wand, alright? They were acting crazy.\" Blair missed out on the rest of that conversation because she heard footsteps approaching – a lot of them. \"We got incoming,\" she said to Ward and Jakoby before going over to Tikka to get her into the Police cruiser SUV. \" Stay here ,\" she said to Tikka in Elvish before closing the back door. \" Protect the Wand,\" Tikka said desperately in Elvish. \"You must protect the Wand! \" At this point, Ward got the shotgun out of the cruiser and aimed it at the approaching gang. \"Motherfucker, what?\" The leader, Poison, leaned on the arm of his wheelchair as he looked at the four bodies. \"Those cops over there…they okay? That's a lot of blood, homes.\" \"That ain't none of your concern,\" Ward answered back, taking note as to just how many of the members were armed. \"Well what is my concern is that chica there,\" he pointed right at Blair, \"ain't supposed to be here. Did you forget where you are, chica?\" Jakoby pulled his weapon and took an aimed stance next to Ward, that just so happened to be in front of Blair. Ward spoke up before Blair could. \"Not her fault. She just hitched a ride at the wrong time. Now this is an active crime scene. We ain't never had no beef, Poison. Why don't you take your people home.\" \"Word on the street there's a Wand in this hood.\" Poison leaned a bit to get a better look at Blair. \"Tell me where it is, chica, and I won't send my people to pay your kids a visit.\" Blair stepped into view with her own gun aimed at Poison. \"My kids have got nothing to do with this. You want to put a target on someone's back, put it on mine.\" Poison laughed and held up his hands for a moment. \"I was never gonna hurt those kids. I just wanted to get a better view of that sweet ass of yours.\" When he looked at her it was quite clear what he was thinking about. \"Time enough for that later. Right now, I want the Wand. You're in my hood – Altimira. So, when the little homies tell that the cops are shooting each other here, in my hood, makes me wonder. Hmm? Where's the Wand?\" \"Ghetto rumors, homie,\" Ward answered like it was nothing more than that. \"Don't wanna get shot in the face over a rumor, do you? Why don't you all head home?\" \"The Wand belongs to the people,\" Poison retorted. \"It's mine. Even if I have to kill every cop or half-breed Wolf in L.A.\" Ward wasn't appearing deterred by his threat. \"You're gonna get your chance, 'cause SWAT is about ninety seconds out. Nick, get in the truck.\" When Jakoby didn't move, Word forcefully said, \"Nick, get your ass and Blair's in the truck!\" What was the hurry? SWAT wasn't actually coming. Jakoby listened this time and opened the door for Blair to get in the back with Tikka before going around to the driver's side. \" What is happening?\" Tikka asked in Elvish. \" Those guys want the Wand and will kill us all to get it. \" When Tikka was about to say something else, Blair held up her hand to stop her. \"I know. We must protect the Wand.\" By now Ward was in the vehicle and the bulletproof windows were up. That didn't stop members of Poison's gang from jumping on the car and trying to smash the windows in with crowbars. Jakoby managed to maneuver the vehicle to either throw them off or make them hit something else to knock them off. He then sped off down the road like – as Ward said to – like he stole it. The Altimira Gang wasn't about to give up so easily. A truck was speeding their way with guys in the back of it shooting off automatic rifles. \"Roll down the window back here!\" Blair shouted to Ward. \"I have a shot.\" \"The windows don't roll down back there, smart one!\" Ward shouted back as he fired through the opening of his window. \"That's where we keep the criminals!\" Blair hadn't thought of that. \"Then what the hell am I supposed to do?!\" \"Shut up and hold on!\" Ward's warning to hold on couldn't have come sooner because as soon as he said it, the Altimira truck turned the cruiser and started pushing it sideways down the road. When Jakoby managed to get it straightened out, the front passenger door was now missing. Blair had no idea how the hell they were going to make it out of this but they did. When the Altimira truck drove up beside Ward, he used his Tazer-Gun on the driver then Jakoby rammed the cruiser into the truck causing it to crash into a parked car on the side of the road and flip. If Blair hadn't seen it with her own eyes then she wouldn't have believed it. \"Holy shit! Holy shit that was amazing!\" She laughed a bit hysterically, partly because she wasn't sure they were actually going to survive that, but they did. Jakoby let out a chuckle at the turn of events. \"They don't teach that at the Academy.\" Ward looked out the open door back to the turned over Altimira truck, saying, \"No they do not.\" Jakoby turned a corner and continued speeding down the road. This is when Tikka started freaking out in Elvish. \"We have to turn back! Inferni! Inferni!\" \"What the hell is the Inferni?\" Blair asked in English right before the Wand started going crazy. It levitated out of the bag between Ward and Jakoby and began pulsating. \"Listen to her! Turn this vehicle around now!\" Those words were shouted out too late because soon after they went into the underpass they drove right into an invisible forcefield. Blair was thrown into the divider grate along with Tikka. It felt like it was in slow-motion but that didn't prevent any 'ow!' moments from happening. Everyone quickly recovered though, no major injuries just cuts and bruises. \"You okay back there?\" Jakoby turned around to look at Tikka and Blair. \"I'm gonna have one hell of a headache until my healing kicks in, but other than that I'm good.\" Blair touched her forehead and found she was cut there, but otherwise she was alright. Sore as hell, but alright. \"We can't stay here,\" Ward pointed out before getting out of the car and opening the back door for Blair and Tikka to do the same. After making sure they both could walk and the Wand was with them, he led the way to get as far from the accident as possible to regroup. There was a warehouse nearby. After breaking the lock off the window to get into the basement, the group climbed inside and sat down on the various crates around. Ward wiped his face with the back of his hand. \"I got blood in my eye. What the fuck did we hit?\" \"That was the Wand,\" Jakoby explained. \"You know what a binding spell is? It stops it from getting too far away from its owner. It pulls it back.\" \"Owner?\" Ward had no idea what Jakoby was talking about. \"Who owns a Wand?\" Blair knew the answer to that one. \"A Bright.\" Ward rested his head back against the pillar he was sitting in front of. He needed a moment before speaking to Jakoby. \"Look, half of our division is on some old-school Rampart shit, alright? They're gonna kill you first, then they're gonna kill me, and then probably Blair. Then they're gonna take the Wand and that's when the stupid shit's gonna start. And by the way, that's only if the gangsters don't get it first. And that's when the triple stupid shit's gonna start. We have got to get out of this neighborhood.\" \"How do you intend we do that?\" Blair asked with raised brows. \"The binding spell on that Wand isn't going to let us.\" Ward had an answer for that. \"We'll hide the Wand. We'll hide the Wand here then come back and get it.\" \"That's insane! And not in the good way,\" Blair shot back. Jakoby agreed with her. \"I am not abandoning the Wand.\" \"We are not the fucking Wand police,\" Ward practically spat back. \"You want bodies on the street, huh?\" Jakoby shouted back. \"All of L.A. on fire? This is like a nuclear weapon that grants wishes. No. The Feds have people that deal with Magic.\" Blair thought she heard something outside, so she tuned out the rest of their conversation about who to call and went to the window to get a better sense of how close or far the people were. They were too damn close for comfort. Blair grabbed hold of Tikka and brought her over to Ward and Jakoby. \"We got incoming, boys.\" \"Ah, shit.\" Ward realized a big mistake they made in that moment. \"The lock. We left the lock on the ground outside. Go.\" Jakoby kicked the gate open that led to another area of the warehouse just before one of the gangsters came in through the window. Ward used his shotgun on the guy before catching up with the others. Blair ran into the other room, shouting out in warning, \"We're not alone!\" A second later more gang members seemed to come out of the woodwork. One of them tried to whack Blair on the back of the head with a wooden baseball bat but she whipped around and caught it. She snapped the bat in half then drove the splintered wood into the guy's neck. Her attention was pulled to a group of guys that were going after Jakoby. Blair leaped on the back of one of the gangsters, bit onto his ear and ripped it off. When he threw her back, she landed on her feet and pulled out her gun to shoot an approaching gangster. Blair spit out the blood as she ran into the other room. The overwhelming smell of the blood from her mouth blocked her senses from warning her of the oncoming guy with a crowbar. He was about to hit her with it but Jakoby shot him before he had a chance. Blair let out a breath of relief. \"Ever the gentleman.\" \"Quit flirting and let's go!\" Ward shouted at them as he tried to pull Tikka out the door but she wasn't budging. Jakoby pat himself down. \"Wait, I dropped the Wand.\" He turned back to get it but one of the gangsters rushed over to the Wand and picked it up from the floor. As soon as the guy held onto it, he and the others standing near him were turned into ash caused by an explosion from the Wand. Blair's eyes widened at this turn of events. \"What the holy hell was that?\" Jakoby looked around and didn't see any of the gangsters present. \"Where did they all go?\" Ward kept his shotgun at the ready just in case. \"I think we're breathing them.\" Jakoby let out a couple deep coughs before using the bag to pick up the Wand and secure it. Ward went over to him. \"Hey, do me a favor. Don't drop that shit no more.\" \"What? No. Why would I?\" Jakoby zipped up the bag and secured it on his person. Blair gestured behind her to the exit. \"Can we leave now? Because, well, I don't know about your kinks, but I'd rather not keep inhaling the ashy remains of humans.\" Ward took lead to the exit, muttering, \"You got jokes for everything, huh?\" \"What can I say?\" Blair replied as they followed. \"Sometimes we just need a comic relief.\" End Part 4[Chapter 5] Blair should have known there would be more Altimira gang members outside the warehouse – Even with her senses clogged up by the ashes of the others, she should have known. Alas, she didn't think of it so when they ran out of the warehouse into the alley and more gang members fired at them, she was caught off guard. Blair hated being caught off guard. She made one of the members pay for it when she pulled out her gun and fired a bullet right into one of the gang member's chests. Ward fired off some shots of his own then looked to Blair as they got back to running. \"You just killed a guy in front of two police officers, ya know.\" \"And you killed four police officers in front of me,\" Blair shot back. \"I think the law is pretty much out the window for us right now, don'tcha think?\" Ward didn't say anything in response to that and followed her into the back entrance of a building. Jakoby looked at Blair in awe. \"You – you shot a human.\" \"We'll get her some ice cream later,\" Ward snarked then checked out his arm. \"Shit. I'm hit. They're not gonna stop – they're just gonna keep coming. Let's move.\" He led the group through a plastic curtain that opened into a kitchen. A kitchen were quite a few Orcs worked and glared at them all as they passed – especially Jakoby. Blair was hoping that this was a restaurant, but it wasn't. It was a club – a club that was not only a part of Orc territory but Pack territory as well. If anyone noticed her and what she was then she'd be just as unwelcome there as Jakoby. She did her best to stay close to Tikka, hoping Tikka's Elven scent would mask her, but it didn't work. A Wolf shot out their hand and grabbed Blair's arm, pulling her aside. \"You've got a lot of nerve showing up here, Half-Breed .\" The Pack member's eyes glowed yellow as he growled at her. \"This club is open to Orcs, Wolves, and Humans. As you've just pointed out, I fit into two of those categories.\" Blair had run ins with this particular Pack member before and not just in this Reality, but her own. \"Now get your hand off me, Tyler, before I break it off.\" Yep, this was Tyler Lockwood, at least the Tyler Lockwood of this Reality. Not only was he her Tyler's Alter, but the Alpha of the Los Angeles Pack. He was a firm believer in keeping the Wolf bloodline pure – only Wolves being with other Wolves – and thus hated that Blair even existed. Tyler tightened his grip around Blair's wrist, and seethed loud enough to be heard over the band, \"You dare speak to your Alpha like this?\" \"I'm not Pack, remember?\" Blair spat as she pulled her arm from his grip. \"You've made that abundantly clear more than once. You're nothing to me and never will be.\" She walked away and made her way through the group to try and find Ward, Jakoby, and Tikka but couldn't spot them amongst those present. It didn't help that she couldn't see above the crowd. \"Nick!\" Blair called out, trying to be heard over the music. \"Ward!\" She jumped up to try and see where they were but those around her mistook her actions for the start of a mosh pit which just made things worse for her search. Blair managed to get out of the mosh pit without hurting anyone and got to the wall. She climbed up onto a sofa and saw Ward and Jakoby standing back to back in the middle of the mosh pit in front of the stage. \"Boys!\" she called out as loud as she could and that got their attention. \"Where's Tikka?!\" Ward shouted back and didn't like it that Blair clearly didn't know where she was either. They didn't have a chance to discuss this further because the Altimira gang burst into the club with guns blazing. Blair ducked a bit and spotted Tyler and a bunch of others tapping into their Wolves and having it out on the gang members. She was in awe at the sight of this because she'd never seen it before in this Reality. The Werewolves didn't turn into actual wolves – they stayed bi-pedal but their bodies seemed to grow more muscular and taller, hair sprouted out all over their bodies, their faces changed into something like one would see in that Skinwalkers movie. Their hands turned to claws and their teeth to sharp fangs. The Change took mere seconds and Blair was caught in a daze because it was something she'd never experience for herself because – being half human – she didn't have a Wolf. Blair was pulled from her amazement when Jakoby rushed over to Blair and put her over his shoulders before running out of the club. \"Sorry!\" he exclaimed, hoping this act didn't offend her, \"But we have to get moving.\" Once they were out the door that led to the street, he set her down on her feet and ran with her, Ward, and Tikka. They didn't get very far before Ward shouted at her. \"What the hell was that?! Were you catatonic or something?\" \"I'm sorry.\" Blair was sincere about that. \"I just – I've never seen the Wolves as Wolves before. It won't happen again.\" \"Better not.\" Ward had them cross the street to get to the vendors on the other side. Once he found a clothing booth, he stopped. \"Now's not the time to go shopping, Ward,\" Jakoby pointed out, believing they should keep moving. \"Everyone's on the look out for two cops,\" Ward countered as he handed Jakoby a hoodie. \"We've gotta switch it up.\" Blair thought he had a point and bought a bottle of body spray from the vendor to mask their scents. When the guys looked at her weirdly, she explained. \"Not even Wolves can cut through this crap to the true scent.\" And then she bought a hoodie as well because her leather jacket was so torn up and covered with blood that it wasn't worth wearing anymore. Jakoby took some clothing for himself, saying, \"Running through a Pack-Fogtooth party is not good community policing.\" \"We're alive and we got the Wand,\" Ward countered as he started to take off his bulletproof vest. \"Orcs and Wolves hold grudges,\" Jakoby retorted as he did the same. \"That's all I'm saying.\" Blair changed out of her jacket and put on the hoodie before securing her bag in place. It'd be a miracle if her camera survived everything it'd been put through. She didn't have a chance to find out because they were on the move again. This time, a titty-bar-casino – one Blair was quite familiar with. \"How you doing, pretty lady?\" The bartender, Jake, called out to her as she walked towards the bar. He was a Human-Elf Hybrid who often gave Blair tips on who to check out and where. That and he was her kid's escape plan if anything ever went south – something that was put in place long before this night even started. \"Been better,\" Blair answered and leaned over the counter to say. \"Here's a little tip to pay you back for the ones you've given me – Get your card-dealing boyfriend and get the hell out of here.\" Jake's expression dropped when she said that because it was clear she was serious. \"Damn, girl, you finally get caught?\" \"Something like that.\" Blair pulled out some cash and handed it to Jake. \"Go straight to my place and give this to Matt – tell him to take everyone to the Psychic.\" \"Shit.\" Jake grabbed his things and leaped over the bar. \"Stay safe, pretty lady.\" \"You, too, handsome.\" Blair gave him a quick hug and watched as Jake got his boyfriend and left as quickly as two bats flying out of hell. Jakoby was still keeping watch as he went over to Blair at the bar. \"Everything alright?\" \"Making sure my kids get somewhere safe in case none of us make it out of this alive.\" Blair reached over the bar and snagged a random bottle. She poured some of the liquor in her mouth and returned it. \"You're not going to die,\" Jakoby vowed. \"Not on my watch.\" Blair didn't get a chance to say anything about that because once again the Altimira gang found them with their guns blazing. As soon as that happened, she, Jakoby, Ward, and Tikka took cover behind the bar while all the patrons ran out screaming. Blair checked to see how much ammo she had left. It was almost a full clip but that certainly wasn't going to be enough. Ward looked at Jakoby and Blair to make sure they were both paying attention as he said, \"Seven dudes with choppers down the right, five down the left. Bunch of them in the middle.\" Blair let out a deep breath when she heard Poison speak, \"Officer Ward, I think we need to talk.\" \"Hey, Poison, how you doing?\" Ward called back, not leaving his spot behind the bar. \"Some wacked-up shit went down tonight,\" Poison replied. \"My homies here wanna cut your head off, the cops wanna cut your head off, the Fogteeth gang wanna cut your head off, the Pack wanna cut your head off.\" This wasn't news to Ward. \"Yeah, I got that effect on people, Poison. Imagine how my old lady feels.\" \"Me? I just wanna protect you.\" As soon as Poison said that, Blair rolled her eyes. But of course he couldn't see that. \"I just wanna get you home safe and sound, with all your sins forgiven. But you gotta give me that Wand. You wanna do the right thing? Help me walk again. Help me make love to my old lady again. Give me that Wand or I will nail every door in this place shut and burn this place down to the ground. And then I will pick up the Wand from the ashes and I will laugh.\" Ward was trying to figure a way out of this mess. \"Chopping it up with the homies for a sec, Poison.\" Poison was not amused. \"I'm losing my patience here, Officer Ward.\" Blair looked between them saying, \"Just give him the Wand.\" Jakoby looked at her like she was nuts. \"You want to what?\" Ward was on her side about this. \"I agree – We should give him the Wand. Look, we're just gonna end up getting everyone in here killed and he's just gonna take the Wand anyway. Why not turn him to ash now instead of later? Jakoby was not in agreement – he did not want to risk it. \"I'm not giving that guy the Wand. Over my dead body. He's gonna have to kill me first.\" \"So you wanna die in a gun-fight in a nasty ass titty bar?\" Ward asked him incredulously. \"Is that what you want?\" \"Neither of you are going to die tonight,\" Blair interjected and looked at Jakoby as she said, \"Not on my watch.\" \"Then don't watch, because right now we're gonna die in a titty-ass-bar gunfight. Let's do this.\" Ward was about to stand up but stopped when Tikka started freaking out in Elvish. \"What's she saying now?\" \"The devil is coming,\" Blair answered, and really wished Tikka would be more specific at times. \"The devil is sitting right out there in that wheelchair,\" Ward countered. \"Now let's do this. One – two – three!\" He, Blair, and Jakoby all stood up to fire but that wasn't necessary. Three Elves were cutting through the entire Altimira gang like they were nothing but sticks of butter. \"Oh, shit.\" Blair didn't stand by and watch this time, she grabbed hold of Tikka's hand and ran like hell out of there. Ward and Jakoby were right on their tail and ran out of the casino-titty-bar place into the rainy Los Angeles night. The group ran into an alley just before a SWAT truck pulled up and released a bunch of officers, but a lone female Elf cut through them all like they were nothing. Ward was not liking their odds. \"Who is she?\" Tikka pulled on Blair and Jakoby's arms, exclaiming in Elvish, \"Inferni! She wants her Wand.\" \" We won't let her get it,\" Blair vowed and took off running with all them down the alley as she sprayed the body spray behind them. Putting it on themselves wasn't an option, she didn't want to diminish her senses any more than they already had been that night. \"Where are we going to go?\" Blair asked as they ran. \"We're going to get some backup,\" Ward answered. \"I know a guy.\" Blair wanted more details but this wasn't the time since they were still running through the rain. Besides, she'd trusted Ward thus far, so why stop now? End Part 5[Chapter 6] Ward needed to get his wound tended to so Blair assisted him with that in the convenience store's bathroom while Jakoby went inside to get supplies. \"I can take care of this myself.\" Ward didn't think Blair knew what she was doing. \"Hush up,\" Blair shot back as she examined his arm. \"I was a medic in a past life.\" She smirked a bit when he snorted because it was clear he didn't believe her. That was all well and good, even though she was telling the truth. \"It's literally just a flesh wound. No major blood vessels, etc were hit. Just gotta worry about infection.\" Ward looked at Blair like he was trying to figure her out now. \"You do sound like you know what you're talking about.\" \"Or I could be talking out of my ass and you're gonna be dead in five minutes.\" Blair grinned in a way that would make someone wonder whether or not she was telling the truth, which was her goal. Ward was about to say something but Jakoby walked in with the bag of supplies. \"Can you sniff her out to see if she's lying or not?\" Jakoby handed Ward the bag, looking very confused. He had zero idea what he'd just walked in on and so he answered Ward's question. \"It doesn't work like that. Not for Orcs. Wolves can train their sense of smell to detect pheromone changes in liars, but I think that takes years.\" Ward wanted to speak but found he didn't have any words so he went back to tending to his wound with the rubbing alcohol. Jakoby leaned against the wall next to the sink as he thought about something serious. \"I'm not a cop after tonight, am I?\" Ward answered him seriously. \"No. Neither am I. I think we should probably spend our time just trying to survive this shit.\" \"Survive?\" Jakoby sounded like that wasn't acceptable. \"Being a cop is all I've got. Right now I'm still a cop, and if I die tonight, I'll be a cop forever. I'll be a – I'll be a hero forever.\" Ward didn't get why he was saying all that. \"Why do you wanna die for a world that doesn't give a crap about you?\" \"Maybe because he gives a crap about the world?\" Blair interjected as she helped Ward with his bandage. \"Just a thought.\" Jakoby gave Blair a thoughtful look before answering for himself. \"Orcs chose the wrong side a long time ago and they've been paying for it ever since. You know, when an Orc sees me,\" he took a deep breath, \"they see a man – a wannabe Human. When Humans see me, they see an animal. They hate me.\" Ward sighed. \"They don't hate you.\" \"We know when people like us and when they don't,\" Jakoby countered. \"Like you, Ward. When you came out of that house with pure hatred in your eyes. Pure…hatred .\" Blair handed the roll of gauze to Ward, leaving him to finish up the bandage on his own because this was clearly a conversation Ward and Jakoby needed to have amongst themselves. Ward took the gauze and rubbed his nose. \"Look, I told you what that was, all right?\" He paused for a second before asking. \"What didn't you tell me the truth about helping the Orc kid? I'm saying it would have changed anything, but shit, it might have.\" \"I got confused,\" Jakoby admitted. \"And with Humans, you understand, everything is so definite . Like, you say something, and all of a sudden it's law, and you can't walk it back.\" \"You gotta tell me ,\" Ward retorted, \"if I'm supposed to be your partner. I don't care what we'll say to them, but you gotta tell me the truth. You can't lie to me .\" Jakoby looked at his partner incredulously. \"Oh, so I'm supposed to trust you when you don't trust me?\" Blair had to say something there. \"He's got a point there, Ward.\" Ward happened to agree, so much so that he couldn't even get annoyed at her for pointing it out. \"Yeah, I know. That's a good point.\" He looked down and sighed. \"You're a good cop. And people are really hard on you, so…you're really hard on yourself.\" To lighten the mood a little, Blair went over to Ward and Jakoby and squeezed their cheeks, saying in a cooing tone of voice, \"Awww! Did my boys just have a special bonding moment?\" \"Bitch, you crazy.\" Ward pushed her hand away and took a seat on an empty milk crate against the wall. Blair tapped her lips thoughtfully before pointing at Ward. \"You know, that's not the first time someone has said that to me. I mean those exact words. I must bring it out in people.\" Ward shook his head and opened up a beer can. When it hissed and popped open, Tikka shrieked. \"All you called me crazy?\" Blair laughed before going over to Tikka to assure in her Elvish that everything was fine. Jakoby smiled a little at this side of Blair. She was always so hard and snarky and didn't take things seriously, but when she spoke to Tikka like this he saw the softer side to her. Since he didn't want to stare, he went back to talking to Ward. \"Ward, do you know that you are who I wish I was? You're fearless. You always know what to do. What you did tonight, that's what it takes for an Orc to get Blooded. An act of great bravery. To me, you're like a Blooded Human.\" Ward drank some more beer before answering. \"I used to be like you. Think you can save everybody and fix everything and…\" He shook his head with a scoff to himself. \"Now I just pretend to be a good dude.\" Ward was sincere with his next words. \"You still are one.\" Jakoby believed him when he said that and took the opening to ask, \"Are we friends?\" Ward shook his head. \"Nah, Nick, we're not friends, man. You don't want me as a friend.\" He got up and left the restroom without another word. When the door closed, Blair went over to Jakoby and placed her hand on the side of his face to make sure they saw each other eye-to-eye. \"Don't take what he says to heart. He is just as hard on himself as you are on yourself. Ward isn't the only one who deserves to be Blooded, so do you.\" Jakoby didn't look away from her eyes as he said, \"You deserve to be Pack.\" Blair took her hand away and cleared her throat. \"Yeah, well, that's never gonna happen. Guess I'm more Human than Werewolf.\" Their conversation was interrupted by the sound of police sirens outside. \"Oh, I hope that's one of the good guys,\" Blair groaned before going outside in the rain to see what was what. When Blair, Tikka, and Jakoby got outside, Sherriff Rodriguez was shouting at Ward then at Jakoby to put the gun down, and Ward shouted back about the Wand. Suffice to say there was a lot of shouting going on and it overwhelmed Blair's hearing so much that she missed pretty much everything that was exchanged. Blair finally got a handle on what to tune out and asked Jakoby, \"What did I miss?\" \"Ward is on the phone with the Feds about the Wand,\" Jakoby answered and looked at her concerned. \"You didn't hear any of that?\" \"I'm not a full Wolf so my senses can get overwhelmed. When there's so much chatter going on at once, I need to shut it all off before tuning back in.\" It was a little more complicated than that, but this wasn't the time or the place to get into it. Ward brought the cellphone back to Rodriguez. \"The phone died.\" Ward and Rodriguez were getting into it again, this time about how Rodriguez wanted to cuff Jakoby and Blair. Rodriguez was telling Ward that the Feds want it to be Jakoby and the Half-Breed behind the cop murders, whether it's them or not and if they're not cuffed by the time the Feds get there then they're gonna smoke em all out.\" \"That is profiling, and you know it!\" Blair shouted back as she stormed towards Rodriguez. \"What, just because we're not Human that automatically makes us murderers?! Are you fucking kidding me right now?!\" She only stopped when Jakoby held her back. If he hadn't done that, then she probably would have done something stupid. \"Blair, we can't run all night. Let's end this. Let's just go in.\" Jakoby felt this was the path of least resistance. Blair didn't want to do this, but apparently she didn't have a choice. \"This is bullshit.\" Ward agreed with her again. \"I know.\" He cuffed Jakoby and Blair before taking their guns, tossing them on the hood of the Sherriff's cruiser, then allowed Rodriguez to cuff him. \"Ward, I can't go to prison. They'll skin me alive.\" Jakoby was really worried about that. \"You're not going to prison,\" Ward answered seriously. \"You didn't do anything wrong – either of you. I shot everybody\" Rodriguez didn't want to hear this. \"Ward, shut up and lawyer up.\" He wasn't able to say another word because of a gunshot that killed him instantly. Ward quickly realized what was happening. \"Get inside. Go!\" Tikka scooped up the Wand bag from the wet ground and ran into the store with the others. Blair crouched down behind a shelving unit and snapped the cuffs right off her before going over to Ward and Jakoby to do the same. \"You can break the cuffs?\" Ward couldn't believe she was able to do that. \"Why do you think you have those reinforced shackles if you happen to arrest a Wolf?\" Blair didn't expect an answer to that because it was pretty damn obvious. Jakoby hadn't thought about it but did now. \"Makes sense.\" Ward didn't respond to this because the shop owner was standing near the window looking for where the shot came from. \"Sir, get away from the window!\" Too late. Gunfire went through the window, killing the owner, and a black sedan crashed through the storefront right after. Ward, Blair, and Tikka managed to get out of the way but Jakoby got caught on the front of the vehicle and was driven straight into the cold foods refrigerators. Two female Elves with machine guns exited the car and started firing. Blair scrambled around the shelving and found a grill lighter. She pulled the body spray out of her bag and leaped over the shelving, landing on the counter. \"Hey, bitch! \" Blair shouted in Elvish to get the short haired female's attention then sprayed the body spray over the open flame. The Elf woman screamed at the contact with the flames and jumped out of the way to try and put them out. Blair saw how the car reversed and Jakoby smashed a shelf through the windshield, but that didn't deter the driver. The Elf man put the car back in drive and sped forward. This made Blair leap onto the roof of the car. After getting a grip she leaned down in front of the broken driver's window and started punching the Elf man. After a couple hits, he grabbed her arm and snapped it. Blair screamed at her bones breaking and lost her grip. She was thrown from the vehicle and crashed into more shelves. The burnt female Elf marched towards her with the machine gun raised and Blair dodged out of the way a second before she was fired upon. She lost her footing and landed on her injured arm, once again making her cry out in pain. Jakoby seemed to appear out of nowhere and scooped her up before running outside since the Elves attentions now seemed to be on Ward. Ward had one bullet left in the revolver that had belonged to the store owner. He used Blair's idea about fire and shot the bullet at the row of bug sprays and the like. It caused an explosion that gave Jakoby and Tikka the opening needed to get him the hell out of there. The whole group ran as fast as they could away from the store and feared the worst when the Elf guy sped towards them, only for the vehicle to explode. This made them feel only slightly relieved so they kept on running. Blair needed to pause long enough to snap her bone into its appropriate place before her healing kicked in. That was far from pleasant, but it needed to be done. She seethed and grunted at the pain before pushed through it to tap into her speed in order to catch up with the others. If they thought they were gonna be home free now, they were wrong . Black SUVs sped towards them around the corner at one end of the street and when they tried to turn back there were more coming from that end as well. Based of the plates, they belonged to the Fogtooth Gang and the Pack. Blair couldn't help but laugh at this because it was borderline ridiculous. \"Well, ain't that lovely? We can't catch a break tonight, can we?\" End Part 6[Chapter 7] Jakoby and Blair stood protectively around Tikka as the Wolves and Orcs exited the SUV and surrounded them. Jakoby looked to Ward, saying, \"I told you Wolves and Orcs hold grudges. Didn't I tell you?\" Ward ignored this and addressed those around them. \"Alright, look. I'm gonna cut you a break on the reckless driving. But I need you to return to your vehicles and drive home safely.\" He walked right up to one of the Fogteeth Orcs. \"So I'm gonna need you to take your fat Shrek-looking ass back to your vehicle and drive back home to Fiona. A'ight?\" Despite the circumstances they were in, Blair couldn't help but snort a chuckle upon hearing that. \"You think that's funny, Half-Breed?\" one of the Wolves asked as he stepped closer to her. \"It's even more funny that a Wolf is getting offended at a joke targeted towards an Orc.\" Blair waved her hand towards him. \"I mean, it's not like I told you to get home before you end up in the dog house.\" \"Enough of this,\" a male Orc shouted and pulled a gun on them. Blair quickly disarmed the Orc, but wasn't fast enough to turn the gun back on them thanks to the 'dog house' Wolf. Blair was kicked to the ground and when Ward tried to help her, the Orcs started to beat him up. Finally, the Wolves grabbed hold of Blair, the Orcs took Ward, and with Jakoby and Tikka in tow, one of the Orcs called out, \"Take them to the Church!\" Blair knew what the Church was – it's where the Wolves and Orcs conducted special business…and executions. She was about to warn Jakoby and the others of this, but someone whacked her on the head to knock her out before she had the chance. When Blair finally awoke, she looked around and didn't see Ward, Jakoby, or Tikka. She didn't see any Orcs around either. All she saw were Wolves and standing in the front of the Pack was Tyler. \"Where are my friends?\" she demanded to know as she tried to break out of the reinforced shackles. \"They're the Orcs' problem.\" Tyler stepped closer to Blair and crouched down in front of her. \"You are a problem for the Pack.\" He reached out and moved his hand over her face just above her skin. \"It's too bad your mother had to bed a human. I would have enjoyed having you as my bitch.\" Blair snapped her teeth at him with a growl. \"Do not speak of my parents!\" Tyler laughed at her reaction. \"And why not? You are about to meet the same fate as them.\" He was about to call out the order but a scent reached his senses – it was fear, concern, worry, and regret all blended as one and it was coming from none other than Blair. \"I can smell what you are feeling but I wonder…is it for yourself or your friends?\" He grabbed Blair by her hair and yanked her before inhaling deeply. \"Ah…it is for your friends. In that case, let us give you the chance to say goodbye.\" Tyler was going to enjoy this. He took hold of Blair's shackles and dragged her along the floor to the Orc's area, ordering the Pack to follow him as they went. Blair grunted as she squirmed and moved but her attempts were futile – she was no match for the strength of the Alpha Wolf. \"My brothers!\" Tyler called out as he dropped Blair near the edge of the crater in the floor that was so deep one would meet a fiery death before ever reaching the bottom of it. \"The Half-Breed here wishes to see her friends die!\" Blair looked up and saw the leader of the Fogteeth holding a gun on Jakoby. She couldn't let anything happen to him or any of them, but especially him. Blair realized this now. \"I claim them!\" Blair shouted in English then Orkish. \"I claim them! Whatever punishment you have planned for them cast it upon me! They are my responsibility.\" Tyler yanked her hair back again, this time hard enough to make her cry out. \"You cannot claim them, Half-Breed. You are not Pack. Remember?\" \"They're my Pack!\" Blair shouted at him, growling deeply as she did. Suddenly an idea came to Tyler's mind and it made him chuckle darkly. \"Alright, I am feeling generous this evening. You want the right to claim them? I will give you the chance to earn it.\" The Wolves all started muttering to each other because they knew the only way she'd be allowed entrance into the Pack and there was no way she'd survive it. Tyler unlocked and removed her shackles. \"You'll have to kill me. Kill me and you are Pack. Fail and they die.\" He looked over to the Fogteeth Leader. \"Any objections, brother?\" Tyler received none and grinned. \"I won't even Change for you.\" Blair rubbed her wrists as she moved to her feet. She looked over at Jakoby and saw him shake his head, telling her not to risk this, but she had to. If there was even the slightest chance, even the slightest , she had to do it. Jakoby could hardly watch the fight occurring on the other side of the crater. Blair was doing her best but Tyler would get the upper hand time and time again. His blood boiled when Blair cried out as Tyler broke a bone in her leg, but there was nothing Jakoby could do. When Blair landed on the floor, Tyler lifted his foot and smashed it onto her other leg, breaking bones in that one as well. \"Pathetic, Half-Breed. Now you are to watch them die.\" Tyler grabbed hold of Blair's face and made her watch what was going to happen next. He whispered to her, \"You'll meet the same fate soon enough.\" Tears streamed down Blair's face as her eyes locked on Jakoby's. \"Nick…\" she managed to whisper. Jakoby didn't need words. He could see it in her eyes that she felt what he did. If only they realized it before then. \"I know,\" he said quietly right before the Leader fired the gun into his chest. \"Nick!\" Blair screamed in agony as his lifeless body fell into the pit. Tyler released his grip on Blair and laughed as she pulled herself to the edge of the pit to watch Jakoby fall. \"Pathetic,\" he spat and intended on merely waiting his turn before he could finally kill her. Things didn't go as he planned, however. Watching Jakoby die set off something inside Blair. She felt a power she'd never felt in this Reality before bubbling to the surface. Within seconds her cries turned into snarls of a Wolf. As her body changed, all the injuries that had been inflicted upon her had healed. Blair's Wolf had finally been given a reason to be released – it wasn't dormant anymore. Blair rose to her feet and whipped around to face Tyler. Her claws grew longer as her eyes glowed yellow. Every bit of Wolf fur upon her body stood on end as she roared in challenge. It wasn't much of a challenge though. Faster than Blair had ever moved before, she ran and leaped at Tyler. She had him pinned to the floor and with one swift motion her claw was driven into his chest and ripped out his heart. Tyler was mid-change when this happened, his eyes widened in horror to stay that way forever. Blair stood up and dropped his heart from her hand, looking down at his half-shifted body. \"Who's the Half-Breed now?\" With a bit of a tremble, her body returned to its human form and she dropped to her knees in grief over Jakoby. The Pack was in shock over what had happened but the rules were clear…she won. The events that followed this prevented them from doing anything about it at the moment… Just as Blair was about to get lost in her grief, Tikka stood up and shouted with the Wand raised in her hand. Blair took in a shuddering breath as Tikka knelt beside the pit and cast a spell over it. She almost couldn't believe her eyes as Jakoby's body rose up, surrounded by the glowing blue aura of the Magic. Blair laughed in relief when Jakoby took in a breath and started looking around. When Tikka used the Magic to lower him beside her, she stood up and just looked at him. She reached out and gently touched his chest where the bullet hole used to be, but he was perfectly healed now. \"Blair…Are you – are you alright? What happened?\" Jakoby saw how she was covered with blood, not knowing it wasn't all her own. She couldn't believe that the first thing he wanted to know was if she was alright. \"Shut up,\" she laughed and cupped his face before kissing him. Jakoby more than willingly returned the kiss but when their lips parted, he said, \"Wow…but seriously…\" Jakoby looked at Ward who was carrying Tikka. \"What happened?\" Ward took a moment before answering that. \"Uh, nothing…why?\" \"Something happened,\" Jakoby answered. \"Because I feel great and…\" he turned back to Blair. \"Are you alright?\" \"I'm fine,\" Blair assured him, not thinking about what the ramifications might be from killing Tyler. \"Let's just get out of here. Like now.\" Jakoby wasn't going to argue. \"Oh – okay.\" Without question he quickly left the Church with Blair, Ward, and Tikka. He knew something happened and still wanted to know, but he'd wait for the answers. After all, he'd waited for something he didn't even realize he wanted and that turned out quite well in the end. When they were outside, Ward set Tikka onto a bench and started right in on her. \"You're a Bright? You're a fucking Bright? That would have been nice to know when we were getting fucked up. Could've had a magic helicopter take us somewhere or something.\" Tikka could feel the cost of the spell weighing upon her even more now. Her skin started to turn black in patches so she knew it was only a matter of time now. \"I only started my training,\" Tikka answered Ward in English. \"I only know a few spell words.\" Ward couldn't believe this. Looking to Blair and Jakoby, he said, \"She speaks English pretty good now, too.\" Tikka started breathing heavily. \"Now I trust you.\" Ward wasn't done with her yet. \"You're gonna need to unfuck this all up, a'ight? You gotta Magic us to Palm Springs or something.\" \"I saved your friend's life,\" Tikka retorted, \"isn't that enough?\" \"It's a start,\" Ward began to say, but Blair cut him off. \"It's everything,\" Blair stated firmly before taking Tikka's hand in hers. She bowed her head and spoke in Elvish, \"Thank you .\" Jakoby had to give thanks of his own. \"It was a pretty big deal. Thank you.\" With that said, there was something else he needed to know. \"Now, Tikka, who are these Elves that are hunting us?\" \"They're aiding the return of the Dark Lord,\" Tikka answered. \"So he can slaughter billions and enslave the survivors to serve him in a new age of Magic.\" \"Oh. Is that all. Just some Illuminati shit.\" Ward didn't sound like he thought it was that big of a deal. \"Inferni,\" Blair corrected since she remembered that's what Tikka called them earlier. \"Yes, Inferni.\" Tikka took in a deep breath. \"They destroyed the Illuminati a hundred years ago.\" Blair sat beside Tikka because there was something she needed to ask her. \"How do you know all this stuff, Tikka?\" She had a feeling she knew the answer to that already. \"Are you a deserter?\" \"A deserter?\" Ward had no clue what Blair was talking about. \"A deserter of what?\" Tikka was expecting this question to be asked so she answered it. \"The Inferni. I, too, am Inferni. But I escaped. The Shield of Light hid me. Leila gave an assassin her Wand to kill me. But I got the Wand from her. Keep the Wand away from Leila. She mustn't get it back. With it she can restore the Dark Lord to power.\" Blair started to worry more now that black started to come out of Tikka's nose. It reminded her of what happened to Bonnie when she used Magic she wasn't strong enough to use. \"Don't you dare die on us, Tikka. You used too much Magic. How—how can we fix this?\" \"Keep the Wand away from Leilah,\" that was all Tikka cared about now. \"You have our word. Leilah will not get the Wand.\" Blair cupped her face and looked into her eyes. \"How do we save you?\" \"Only the Shield of Light can help me,\" Tikka answered weakly. \"Take me home…there's a Pool…the Pools are connected like…the roots of a holy tree. Take…take me home.\" Blair could see that Ward didn't like this idea one bit but Jakoby was on board. \"We'll get you home, Tikka. I give you my word.\" \" I know – I know why you are here, Alter,\" Tikka spoke weakly in Elvish before continuing in English. \"You…you are all part of a – of a Prophecy. I…I see it now.\" She took in a weak, shuddering breath. \"I see it now.\" Blair believed it, she could see that Jakoby believed it, but Ward clearly did not. It didn't matter now, all that mattered right then and there was making sure Tikka survived. It was time to bring her home, back to where it all began… End Part 7[Chapter 8] During the entire drive back to where it all began in the stolen Toyota Corolla, Ward kept arguing with Jakoby about how they were not in a Prophecy. Jakoby believed they were because not only was he brought back to life but because Blair, a Half-Breed who should have never had a Wolf, was given a Wolf. And on top of all that, Tikka said that they were. Blair stayed out of this debate and focused on Tikka. She smoothed down Tikka's hair in a comforting manner. \"We won't let you die,\" Blair whispered to her in Elvish and was going to do everything in her power to make sure Tikka survived. She looked out the window and found them back in Altimira territory. They didn't really have to worry about the gang now thanks to Leila and her goons wiping them all out. But they had something else to worry about, it seemed, due to the dead bodies of the feds splayed out in front of the building. \"Holy shit,\" Blair said as she got out of the car and looked at them all. \"Let's hope who did this isn't still here.\" \"I was just thinking the same thing,\" Jakoby replied as he picked up Tikka from the backseat and carried her inside with an armed Ward and Blair. More dead Feds lined the halls as they went up to where they first found Tikka. Along the way, Ward picked up a big gun from the floor and handed it to Jakoby. This made Jakoby chuckle, \"I get the big gun.\" So of course Ward had to take it back and handed Jakoby the smaller shotgun he was holding. Blair let out a little laugh at this and said to Jakoby, \"You were pretty much begging him to do that.\" Jakoby realized that now. \"Yeah…\" They walked into the armory room and this time Ward handed him a bomb to hold. Jakoby wasn't as willing to take that. \"That – that's a bomb,\" he said quietly. \"You want me to hold a bomb? Why?\" Ward's answer to this was simple. \"You never know.\" \"Nick's got his hands full with Tikka. I'll take the bomb.\" Blair carefully took it from him, but wasn't too worried since it wasn't armed yet. She sniffed the air because she thought she caught a different scent but with all of the black oozing from Tikka, it was kinda hard to get a hone in on anything else. \"You okay?\" Jakoby asked Blair since she pretty much paused in place for a moment. \"Yeah,\" she answered, despite not being entirely sure. Blair was about to take another step but whipped around towards the back wall. \"No I'm not! Incoming!\" She was sure as hell now that there were others with them. Tikka sensed them too. \"The wall! Shoot through the wall!\" she cried out. Just then the male Elf and the female Elf burst through. Ward fired shots at the Male while the Female charged at Jakoby with a knife. Blair grabbed hold of the Female's wrist and with a roar she snapped it backwards. \"Leave my Pack alone!\" Blair roared and threw her across the room, leaving the boys to deal with the Male Elf. The Female hissed at Blair and charged at her again. \"Filthy Wolf\" she seethed in Elvish before kicking Blair in the abdomen, sending her flying. Blair flipped herself around and landed on all fours. Her eyes glowed as he body changed into her Wolf. With another roar, she tackled the Female to the floor, grabbed some nearby rope and tangled her up in it before attaching the bomb to her. While the Female was trying to get out of the tangles, Blair kicked her over the edge of the hole in the floor. \"Call the bomb!\" \"You never know. Swiping left.\" Ward called the phone that was attached to the bomb and a moment later not only did it but the Female Elf also explode. The Male Elf removed the pipe that was pinning him to the wall and he went after Blair. He kicked her so hard that she burst through the wall and into the other room. Blair wasn't expecting the attack so she landed hard but got to her feet. She was ready when he attacked again and blocked each of his blows. Blair even ran up the wall and flipped over him, slashing her claws down his back as she did. Once she landed on her feet, Blair drove her hand into his back, gripped hard, and yanked out his spine with one firm pull. Blair a bit surprised at this turn of events because while she'd seen in happen in a video game, she never thought it'd actually work. She was shaken from her stunned stake when she heard the 'big gun' being fired more than once. Blair dropped the Elf's spine and ran into the other room, finding Tikka with the Wand out, Jakoby holding the big gun, and Ward looking breathless. But more importantly, a lifeless looking Leila was on the floor. Blair turned back to normal and pointed to Leila's body. \"I killed two, but you're in the lead. She was worth at least four.\" Ward shook his head at her in disbelief. \"You still making jokes, huh?\" \"If I take everything too seriously all the time, I will not survive.\" Blair went over to Tikka and helped her to her feet. \"Come on. We've got a pool of life, or whatever it is, to get you to.\" Since Tikka couldn't walk on her own, Ward scooped her up and carried her. They went into the far end of the building and through a door they came to a room where a tree growing out of a glowing pool of water could be seen below. \"Whoa…\" Blair had never seen anything like that before. It made it her think back to the pit where Jakoby had been thrown in. It made her think that this pool was that pit's exact opposite. Ward carried Tikka to the stairs but before descending them, he turned to Jakoby and Blair. \"Hey, you two are done. I got it from here. Go home and make Wolf-Orc babies or something. I got this.\" Hearing Ward say that made Jakoby all nervous and flustered. Blair laughed at this and said, \"How about we both just sit?\" Now that was something Jakoby could handle. \"Yeah. Yeah, okay.\" With groans of their own, both Blair and Jakoby sat on the edge and let their legs hang over so they could see Ward and Tikka below. \"I hope you don't mind teenagers,\" Blair said to Jakoby without looking at him. \"Because I got three. They may not be my blood, but they're mine.\" Jakoby wasn't entirely sure what this conversation was leading to, but he answered with the truth. \"I'm good with that.\" Blair allowed herself to smile as she rested her head on his shoulder, watching as Ward placed Tikka into the pool of water below. Everything felt so peaceful, but that moment didn't last for long. Leila came into the room and kicked Blair so hard that she went flying over the edge. She then wrapped a thick cord around Jakoby's neck and threw him off, leaving him to hang. Blair landed so hard on her back that she felt it crack. It was going to take a little time before she could recover from that. She gasped when Leila threw Jakoby over. Watching him jerking and squirming with the cord around his neck was killing her. \"Nick…\" Blair looked at Leila fiercely. \"I will kill you.\" \"No, you will not.\" Leila grinned wickedly and summoned the Wand out of Tikka's hands. Now that it was in her possession, she used its Magic to throw Ward away from her and out of the pool. Blair couldn't let this happen – she couldn't. She started putting all her focus into her healing, willing herself to heal faster. Blair needed to heal faster. Not just for herself, but for Jakoby, Ward, and Tikka. She needed to heal for her Pack . Ward coughed and rolled over as he shouted at Leila, who now had Tikka out of the water, \"The hell are you?!\" Leila was calm with her answer. \"I am a warrior. A priestess, a lover. I am whatever my Lord needs me to be.\" She rolled Tikka over and crouched over her. \"It is time to come home. Dream with me again.\" \"No,\" Tikka sobbed. \"What you love is broken, rotten.\" Leila moved her head from side to side, not liking what she was hearing. \"This Human, this Orc, this Wolf – what are they to you?\" \"They're good,\" Tikka answered and looked over at Blair with tears in her eyes before saying firmly to Leila, \"They are my Pack!\" \"No!\" Leila screamed. \"This is not you!\" \"Just shut up and kill me!\" Tikka shouted back, wanting this to be over. \"This isn't you!\" Leila shrieked and pointed the Wand at Ward who was trying to come at her with a screwdriver. \"This is you! What have you done to my sister!\" Jakoby had managed to untie the cord around his neck and after getting his breath, he grabbed the big gun and fired it at Leila. Jakoby got her in the hand, causing the Wand to go flying near Ward. Ward needed a second to recover from that. \"Nick, if you were aiming for the Wand that was a really good shot. But shoot her in her head!\" Jakoby took aim and was ready to do just that, but when he pulled the trigger…nothing happened. \"I'm out,\" he sighed regrettably, \"I can't.\" There was nothing else he could do with the gun so he tossed it aside and moved over to Blair, taking her hand in his. Ward couldn't just do nothing so when he saw the Wand near him, he shot out his hand for it. \"No!\" Leila exclaimed, her voice booming through the room. She laughed, \"You are not a Bright. If you touch my Wand you will be splattered all over the walls.\" \"Think that's kinda the plan,\" Ward replied, ready for this bitch to die. \"Think I'm just gonna kill us all.\" Jakoby didn't want Ward to sacrifice himself like that. \"Ward…I wouldn't do that.\" \"It's alright.\" Ward looked over at Blair and Jakoby. \"We're in a Prophecy, right?\" Before he could change his mind, Ward reached out and grabbed hold of the Wand. It didn't make him explode or anything like that. Instead, the Wand glowed red with its surging power. \"Uh – I got the Wand…What now?!\" \"You're a Bright,\" Blair laughed as feeling started to return to her. \"You're a freaking Bright!\" \"Use it, Ward!\" Jakoby shouted at him. \"Use the Wand!\" \"Good idea,\" Ward answered, his voice and body trembling as he held the Wand. \"How?!\" \"Give it to me,\" Leila demanded and looked down to Tikka with a blade held over her. \"Or she dies.\" Tikka's face hardened as she looked up at Leila then turned to Ward. \"Vykwarus! The war word is Vykwarus!\" Ward trusted Tikka and pointed the Wand at Leila, shouting, \"Vykwarus!\" Blair gasped as the Magic shot out from the Wand and incinerated Leila in an explosion of epic proportions. Fire started burning all over the place and they needed to get out of there ASAP. Jakoby had to go into the pool of water to get Ward out of it because Ward was worried about Tikka. He couldn't accept the fact that he could have hurt her. Jakoby finally convinced Ward to get out of there and picked up Blair before leaving. Blair wasn't healed up enough to move on her own so she leaned into Jakoby and closed tried not to breathe in the smoke that was billowing within the building. The heat was rising and debris was falling from the building. After another explosion, Jakoby walked out of the building with Blair in his arms. There were dozens of Feds out there and orders were given for them to stand down. One of the officers took Blair from Jakoby, saying, \"We've got her,\" and took Blair over to the medics. \"Where's Ward?\" Blair didn't see him as she was being handed off. \"Nick, where's Ward?!\" The last Jakoby knew, Ward was right behind him but when he turned around he wasn't there. \"Ward!\" He couldn't leave him in there, so Jakoby pushed off those who were trying to support him and went back into the building. \"Nick!\" Blair cried, trying to get off the ambulance gurney, but still couldn't move completely. \"Nick!\" Her emotions took over and her Change overcame her, scaring back the EMTs trying to help her. The change accelerated her healing and with a roar, she threw herself off the gurney and ran for the building. Blair almost went inside but stopped when she saw Jakoby coming out of it with Jakoby. Seeing this sight sent a wave of relief through Blair and she returned to her normal state and dropped to the ground with them. \"You're alive. You're both alive.\" She cupped Jakoby's face and kissed him before checking on Ward. \"Are you okay, Ward? Are you breathing? Come on, say something!\" Ward pointed through the crowd and spoke. \"Blair…Nick…look.\" Blair and Jakoby followed where he was pointing and saw not only the Fogtooth gang standing among the growing crowd but members of the Los Angeles Pack as well. The leader of the Fogteeth took a blade and sliced the palm of his hand before thrusting it up and shouting. The other members did this along with him. After this, the Wolves turned their hands into claws, placed one of them over their hearts and turned the other into a fist, pressing it into the ground as they knelt on one knee, looking down. This was how their allegiance was shown to their Alpha – a title Blair earned that night. Jakoby responded to the Orcs by raising his hand as well and Blair, followed her instinct. She rose to her feet, made her eyes glow yellow, and roared. The Wolves followed suit before returning to their feet as well. Blair dropped down again beside Jakoby who was laying down before Ward. Ward coughed, \"Still not my friends.\" Blair reached over and patted his arm as best she could reach. \"You love us. Admit it.\" Ward laughed and coughed because of it. \"Still making the jokes.\" Jakoby looked over at Blair, asking, \"Does this mean you're the Alpha now?\" \"Now?\" Blair chuckled. \"I've always been an Alpha, just never by title.\" Ward coughed again and groaned, \"Big dog Blooded and the Alpha. You guys are one hell of a pair.\" He groaned again, feeling everything he had just endured tenfold. \"Hey, guys…fuck Magic.\" Blair couldn't agree more. \"Fuck Magic.\" \"Oh, I don't know,\" Jakoby coughed, \"I still think it's kinda cool.\" Blair laughed, she couldn't help it. Of course Jakoby would still think that and the fact he did was one of the reasons Blair was falling in love with him. The Feds dealt with the Wand so at least that was something they didn't need to worry about anymore. That didn't stop Blair from worrying about other things, though. The three of them spent the night in the hospital. They kept Blair for observation to make sure she healed properly and gave Ward and Jakoby the treatment they needed. It wasn't until the following afternoon that Ward woke up and found Jakoby and Blair sitting beside each other in chairs next to his bed. They both appeared to be asleep. \"Hey, Alpha Clan Blood,\" he said that to get their attention and since he had, he grinned, \"That's my ship name for y'all. You like it?\" \"Now who's cracking the jokes?\" Blair smiled, she was glad he was feeling better. \"No joke,\" he replied genuinely. \"I always figured something would happen between you two. Ya both were just too blind to see it.\" \"I think they've got your pain meds up too high.\" Blair teased, \"You're not yourself.\" \"Actually I could use a bit more…\" Ward raised his hand to see if he could hit a button for some more pain meds, but found he couldn't get very far because his wrists were strapped to the bed. \"Oh, shit. That can't be good.\" He saw how Blair and Jakoby weren't cuffed or anything and didn't think that was very fair. \"How come the two of you ain't locked up.\" Jakoby cleared his throat a bit before answering. \"I think they think you're more dangerous than us.\" \"Something I take offense to, FYI,\" Blair had to get that in before the row of armed Feds came in with the Human and Elf Magic Police Agents. Ward saw them coming and pushed the button to move his bed into more of a sitting position. He looked seriously at Jakoby. \"Don't say shit.\" The two Agents walked to the foot of Ward's bed and stared the three of them down. While Blair and Ward didn't say a word, Jakoby cracked. \"Sir, we were just responding to a call. Blair was only there because we were giving her a ride home. And there – there was all this crazy Magic stuff…\" Jakoby had no filter and pretty much told the Magic Police Agents everything that went on that night. Ward and tried again and again to keep Jakoby quiet, but it wasn't working. Finally he looked to Blair. \"Shut him up.\" Blair knew exactly what to do. She placed her hand behind Jakoby's head and pulled him to her. Blair kissed him deeply and when their lips parted, said, \"Nick, shut up.\" Jakoby was stunned by this but did keep quiet other than saying, \"Oh…okay.\" Now that he had stopped talking, the Elf Agent turned to Ward. \"Officer Ward?\" Ward gave him the recollection of the events without all the Magic stuff. \"Blair here is my C.I. After being given some information about a case, we agreed to give her a ride home. On the way we responded to a 415 disturbance call, a call which Blair stayed in the car for. Upon approaching the residence, we realized that it was a safe house for an extremist group.\" Jakoby tried to give more detail but froze when Blair moved to sit on his lap and wrapped her arms around his neck. He had something else to deal with now so talking wasn't in the cards at the moment. Ward didn't look at them because he probably would have cracked a smirk if he did, so he continued on with the story. \"We immediately took fire uh, at which point we called for backup. And unfortunately officers were lost in the exchange.\" Blair started gently tracing her finger over the back of Jakoby's neck because he started to open his mouth to speak again. Of course, she was able to keep him quiet, but she spoke. \"This is where the gangsters showed up.\" Ward nodded. \"That's right. The gangsters showed up and it just went really sideways from that point. They really didn't like that Blair was in their neighborhood for reasons known to them. Had you guys not shown up it would've – it would've been really bed. So, uh, the real heroes in this are you guys. So we wanna say thank you.\" Ward looked to Blair and Jakoby. \"Blair, Nick, thank the nice Federal Agents.\" Blair smiled at them, saying with the utmost sweetness, \"Thank you, nice Federal Agents.\" Jakoby followed suit, even though he wasn't sure why. \"Thank you.\" With that done, Ward continued with emphasis. \"So, let me say, unequivocally…there was no Wand. And there was no Magic. Just a couple of street cops doing our job with one hell of a C.I. hiding out in the backseat of our police car.\" Now Jakoby was getting it. \"Oh,\" he said softly, \"I know what this is.\" Blair smiled and kissed the top of Jakoby's head before returning to her chair, saying, \"I knew you'd get it eventually.\" The last thing the Agents wanted was for news of Magic and Wands to be hitting the streets, so he was glad that this could be contained. The Elf Agent addressed Ward directly. \"Then that's what happened?\" Ward nodded. \"Yes, Sir. That's exactly what happened.\" Now the Agent looked to Blair. \"Yes?\" Blair gave two thumbs up. \"Absolutely.\" He then turned his attention to Jakoby. \"Yes?\" Jakoby stayed on board and gestured between Ward and Blair. \"I'm with them. Unequivocally.\" Well then, that settled that. A couple weeks later, an awards ceremony was held for Ward and Jakoby and the fallen officers – despite the fact they were dirty because the façade needed to be kept. Blair attended and stood in the crowd with her excited teens. Matt rushed over to Blair and showed off his new jacket. \"Check it out, Blair! I got new threads. Who knew being claimed by the Alpha would have such perks. They're even moving us into a house, Blair. A freaking house!\" \"I'm glad to see the three of you are enjoying it.\" Blair smiled at them widely. \"Don't you ever worry about having a place again. I have Claimed you three. Now that I'm the Alpha things are going to be different – you don't have to be a Wolf in order to be Claimed. As long as a member of the Pack deems you worthy that is good enough for me. Everything is different now.\" Sophie looked at asked happily, \"And you think we're worthy?\" Blair pulled the three of them into a group hug. \"Of course I do. You're my kids.\" \"I told you she loved us!\" Carl laughed and hugged them again. Matt was the first to pull back because he didn't want to stick around for the ceremony, he just wanted to see Blair. \"I'll take these two home. Let me say it again home . We are so having pizza tonight. Lots and lots of pizza!\" Blair laughed and waved at them as they went. \"See you guys later!\" She was as glad as they were about the perks of being the Alpha, but not for herself…for them. When the ceremony began, Blair turned to the stage and paid attention. The Chief of Police stood at the podium and spoke into the microphone, \"Faced with armed terrorists obsessed with myths from thousands of years ago, two of our officers held the line. Officer Daryl Ward, and our nations first Orkish police officer, Nicholas Jakoby.\" Blair cheered when the Chief placed the medals around Ward's and Jakoby's necks. \"Way to go, boys! Whoo!\" She clapped and cheered again but her cheering slowed when a familiar scent reached her senses. Blair stepped aside and let out a soft laugh of relief when she saw Tikka move through the crowd. Tikka looked at Blair and placed one hand over her heart and held a fist down at her side to pledge her allegiance to Blair before disappearing into the crowd. Blair said it before but Tikka's act confirmed it all the more – Everything is different now. End Part 8 – The End A/N: Hey, Readers! Hope you all enjoyed Blair's trip to the Bright Reality! Thanks for reading! :) ","Summary":" Blair has survived in a Reality with Witches, Vampires, and Werewolves – So surviving in a Reality "},{"Movie":"The Prophecy","Title":"The Kindness of Strangers","Author":"Kittenmommy","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/2596511","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \"The Kindness of Strangers\" Chapter 1 \"Welcome Aboard!\" STANDARD DISCLAIMER: The Prophecy belongs to Gregory Widen and I'm not making any money from this. AUTHOR'S NOTE: Despite repeatedly e mailing The Powers That Be here on FFN, there is no category for the The Prophecy series of movies. So, I guess I'll post them here. Having received his instructions from The Boss, Gabriel took wing and descended through the Celestial Spheres until he reached the plane on which Earth was located.[Chapter 2] \"The Kindness of Strangers\" Chapter 2 \"A Good Gossip Session\" Gabriel heard voices – an Irishwoman, an American man, and an Italian man – arguing in furious whispers. An Englishman butted in – be quiet, for God's sake![Chapter 3] \"The Kindness of Strangers\" Chapter 3 \"Make A Wish\" When Gabriel came out of the bathroom, he found Lucifer gleefully tormenting the cruise director. \"Come on, Terry,\" Lucifer crooned. \"Come sit on my lap, you pretty little thing.\" His eyebrows went up. \"You know you want to.\" \"I'mrnafraid that would be inappropriate, sir,\" Terry said in the smooth butrnfirm tone of one who was accustomed to dealing with sometimes difficultrnguests. \"Inappropriate?\" Lucifer echoed, grinning lasciviously. \"Of course it is! I'm all about inappropriate!\" \"Leave him alone, Lucifer,\" Gabriel said, grabbing an apple danish from the breakfast cart. \"Oh, but just look at him, Gabriel – he's beautiful!\" His pale blue eyes flicked in Doctor Langford's direction. \"Isn't he, Roger?\" The doctor didn't reply, and Lucifer laughed. \"I wish they alllll could beeee California boyyyys …\" Lucifer sang, waggling his eyebrows suggestively at the doctor. The human gave Lucifer a look but otherwise didn't respond. \"Don't you have stuff to do?\" an exasperated Gabriel asked. Luciferrngrinned. \"Ah, there's that subtlety again,\" he said, rising to hisrnfeet. Suddenly, faster than any human eye could follow, he was right inrnfront of Gabriel. \"Are you sure you really want me to leave?\" \"You know the answer to that.\" Lucifer chuckled. He reached out and wiped a bit of apple filling off of Gabriel's lower lip. \"Sweet,\" he murmured, licking his finger. Gabriel stared at him for a long moment. \"Come home with me,\" he finally blurted out. Lucifer's eyebrows went up. \"Why, Gabriel… are you propositioning me?\" he asked coyly, batting his eyelashes. Gabriel was astounded that his meaning had been so misunderstood. \"What are you, insane ?\" he asked, and then held up a hand. \"Wait. Don't answer that.\" \"Ah…rnyou still haven't given up hope, have you?\" Lucifer asked sadly, andrnGabriel realized that the other angel hadn't misunderstood after all.rn\"But I'm a hopeless cause, and you do love those. How could I have forgotten that?\" \"You forgot a lot of other stuff,\" Gabriel said with a shrug. \"So why not that too?\" \"Oh,rnbut you're wrong, Gabriel,\" Lucifer said softly, moving even closer sornthat they were nearly nose-to-nose. He reached out and gently smoothedrndown a feather that was out of place on Gabriel's right wing. \"Irnremember all of the important things,\" he assured him, preening anotherrnimperfect feather with nimble, practiced fingers. Gabriel's eyes narrowed and he twitched his wing away from Lucifer's reach. \"Stop that.\" \"Irnremember what it was like to sit at His left hand,\" Lucifer continued.rn\"And who's sitting there now? Let me think.\" He put a hand on his chinrnas though deep in thought. Suddenly he brightened like a personrnremembering something important, but his voice turned bitter. \"Oh yes,rnthat would be you , wouldn't it? So I guess you got what you wanted when you helped Michael kick me out.\" \"You know that's not how it happened.\" Gabriel said in a low voice. Hernsuddenly realized that he and Lucifer had a rapt audience of fourrnhumans who were hanging on their every word. In fact, Father Xavier wasrnactually scribbling furiously on a piece of Carnival stationery, takingrnnotes. \"You know… Lucifer… maybe we shouldn't talk about this right now,\" Gabriel said meaningfully. Itrntook a moment, but finally Lucifer's eyes lit with comprehension. \"Yourncould be right,\" he mused. \"What is it these monkeys say? Oh yes…rnlittle pitchers have big ears.\" \"Something like that,\" Gabrielrnagreed, meeting Lucifer's eye. \"But I want you to know one thing: I mayrnbe the most exalted of all angels now, but I've always been secondrnbest, second choice.\" Lucifer looked surprised, but said nothing. Gabriel looked at Maureen. \"Parents aren't supposed to have favorites, are they?\" he asked suddenly. She blinked. \"No, of course not!\" \"But they do … don't they?\" he pressed. She blushed. \"Sometimes… things can be… difficult. You know?\" \"No, I don't,\" Gabriel said. \"But The Boss does.\" He turned his attention back to Lucifer. \"You've always been the favorite. Even now, it's – \" His voice broke off and he turnedrnaway. \"You could come home, Lucifer. All would be forgiven.\" Luciferrnsighed. \"Too much water has gone under too many bridges, Gabriel. Evenrnif I wanted to, well…\" He shrugged and left the rest unsaid. \"Besides,rnI like my life,\" he said lightly. \"No one tells me to clean my room orrnmake my bed. No one tells me to eat my vegetables. And no one – \" \"No one loves you,\" Gabriel finished bluntly. \"Price you pay for freedom,\" Lucifer said with a shrug. \"I don't want that kind of freedom.\" \"Allrnright, Gabriel,\" Lucifer agreed softly. He grasped Gabriel's shoulderrnand pulled him around to face him. \"I'll be on my way.\" Gabriel nodded. \"Yeah.\" He kissed the side of his hand and pressed it to Lucifer's cheek. \"See you around, brother.\" Luciferrnput his hand over Gabriel's, turned his head and kissed it beforernreleasing it. Finally he moved away and shook his head. \"No you won't.\"rnHe turned his attention to the cruise director. \"Terry,\" he said, hisrnvoice changing, brightening. \"How about giving me a tour of this finernsailing vessel?\" Terry glanced at Gabriel, looking very apprehensive. \"Oh…gosh… I don't know if that's such a good idea – \" \"Go ahead, take him,\" Gabriel said with a wave of his hand. \"It'll keep him out of trouble.\" \"That'srnright,\" Lucifer agreed. He looked down at the priest. \"I came herernunder a white flag. That means while I'm on this ship, my people arernleaving your people alone. No whispering temptation in theirrnears, no blighting crops, no spreading disease and despair… none ofrnthose kind of things.\" \"You're lying,\" Father Xavier said automatically. \"No – he's not,\" Gabriel said. \"That's what a white flag means: cease fire.\" The priest looked flabbergasted. \"So right now, there's no evil in the world?\" \"Only the evil that your kind make all on their own,\" Lucifer said. \"And there's plenty of that , isn't there?\" \"I'm afraid I have to agree with you,\" Father Xavier said grudgingly. \"Excellent!\"rnLucifer exclaimed happily, clapping his hands. \"We agree aboutrnsomething!\" He leaned over and grasped the priest's arm, pulling himrnunwillingly to his feet. \" You can come too,\" he decided, and glanced slyly at Gabriel. \"Help keep me out of trouble.\" \"Why am I starting to think this is a really bad idea?\" Gabriel asked no one in particular. \"Comernon,\" Lucifer was saying, taking the priest's arm and steering himrntowards the door. \"Let's go to the pool and look at all the prettyrngirls!\" He hooked his other arm through Terry's, still moving, stillrntalking. \" And the pretty boys!\" And with that, they were out the door. \"Thought they'd never leave,\" Gabriel muttered as the door closed. Maureen exhaled explosively and crossed herself. She tried to pray, but couldn't; instead, she put her head in her hands. Gabrielrntook a mug from the dessert cart and poured out some coffee from therncarafe. \"Here,\" he said, offering it to her. \"You look like you couldrnuse some.\" She looked up at him, surprised. \"That's very kind, thank you.\" \"Have a doughnut, too,\" he continued, pressing one into her free hand. \"They sent enough to feed a whole choir of seraphim.\" \"Gabriel,\" Doctor Langford said quietly. \"Yeah, you have some too,\" Gabriel agreed, pouring out another cup of coffee. \"Here.\" \"That'srnnot…\" The doctor sighed and took the coffee. \"I want you to know that Irndon't… ah… lust after you. You're my patient, and it would be entirely inappropriate for me to – \" \"Aaaah, who listens to him?\" Gabriel asked dismissively. \"You think I believe half the stuff Lucifer says? I don't think even he believes half the stuff he says!\" Doctor Langford looked relieved. Gabrielrnsipped his coffee and finished off his danish. \"And besides, I knowrnyour heart just as well as he does. Better, probably – because I'm notrnalways looking for the worst in everyone… or for some kind of weaknessrnto exploit.\" \"What did he offer you, Doctor Langford?\" Maureen asked suddenly, looking up at him. \"In exchange for your soul?\" \"I don't think I want to answer that,\" he said rather stiffly. \"Must've been a doozy, then,\" she said, sipping her coffee. \"Yes,\" the doctor agreed quietly, looking down at the coffee cup in his hand. \"It was.\" \"So,\"rnMaureen said, setting her cup down on the table. Her voice took on arnbitter edge. \"I guess we've discovered something else the priests arernwrong about.\" Gabriel took another danish, grabbed his coffee mugrnand hopped up to perch on the back of the armchair across from thernsofa. \"What's that?\" he asked. For a moment she was so astoundedrnto see him perched there like a giant bird that his question didn'trnregister. \"Oh,\" she finally said. \"About the homosexuals… that they'rernall going to Hell.\" She looked up at the doctor and smiled. \"If it wererntrue, he'd not have bothered with tryin' to bargain for your soul; he'drnalready have it, wouldn't he?\" Doctor Langford blinked. \"Yes…\" he said slowly. \"I suppose you're right.\" \"So,\" she said, sounding satisfied. \"They're wrong.\" \"And that makes you happy,\" the doctor observed. \"Why is that?\" Gabriel watched this exchange with interest, not interfering. It was almost as though they'd forgotten he was there. \"Myrnoldest child… you've not met her. She's… well, she's sick, and thernpriest told me I was bein' punished – for marryin' a Jew… and forrnhavin' a child that wasn't my husband's.\" \"My goodness,\" Doctor Langford murmured. \"You're full of surprises, Maureen.\" \"Irnwas already pregnant when I met Ben,\" she said. \"So it's not whatrnyou're thinkin'. I was seventeen and unmarried, and my parents shippedrnme off to New York to live with my aunt and uncle, so no one wouldrnknow. I was to have the child and give it up – but instead, I met andrnmarried Ben.\" She sighed. \"They've never forgiven me.\" \"Their loss,\" Doctor Langford said quietly. \"Andrnthat's how I became Maureen O'Connor Finkelstein,\" she said, holding uprnher left hand to show her gold ring. \"And you'll never find an odderrnname than that!\" Gabriel smiled. \"I think it's a good name,\" hernsaid – partly because he truly thought so, and partly just to see herrnblush. \"And you lost your faith in the church…\" \"Please forgive me, Saint Gabriel,\" she whispered, crossing herself. He cocked his head at her. \"For what?\" he asked curiously. \"For losing faith – \" \"What?rnIn the church? The church isn't God… no matter what some of the peoplernin charge might think. In fact, I was on my way to the Vatican when Irngot whacked on the head. You got a new guy in there and The Boss wantsrnme to set him straight on some stuff.\" Maureen was so astonished by this news that she couldn't even begin to address it. \"Sometimes people need a little reminder of who's really in charge,\" Gabriel continued. \"Yes,\"rnDoctor Langford said thoughtfully. \"One doesn't see many burning bushesrnor pillars of fire nowadays… I suppose it's easy for some of thernhigher-ups to forget that the church isn't all about them .\" \"Exactly,\"rnGabriel agreed. \"The Boss looked down and saw some stuff going on thatrnHe didn't like and decided a wake-up call was in order.\" As if on cue, the phone rang. Doctor Langford went to the desk to answer it. \"And you're the wake-up call,\" Maureen said, smiling. \"Aren't you?\" \"Yeah. But don't get me wrong – I'm not gonna show up raining down fire and destruction. I'm just supposed to talk to the guy.\" Maureen nodded. \"Oh, that'll be enough!\" Doctor Langford concluded his brief conversation and hung up the phone. \"That was your husband, Maureen.\" \"Oh?\" \"Hernwanted to know how things were, and if it was all right to stop by –rnyour daughter Brigid is quite worried about Gabriel and wants to seernhim.\" He smiled at his unlikely patient. \"I told him that I thinkrnyou're up to having visitors.\" \"Yeah, that's fine,\" Gabriel agreed. \"I really do have to take off soon, though. When'll I get my clothes back… and my trumpet?\" DoctorrnLangford looked at his watch and shrugged. \"Any time now, I'd imagine.rnWe sail in a few hours.\" He thought for a moment. \"We're headed forrnRome, you know. You could just stay on board.\" \"How long?\" \"We'll arrive early Sunday morning.\" Gabriel frowned. \"And today's…?\" \"Tuesday,\" Maureen supplied. \"Are you kidding ? I can't hang around – on a cruise ship ! – for five days when I'm supposed to be delivering an important Message! The Boss'd have my head on a plate!\" The doctor shrugged. \"Well, it was only a thought.\" \"Irndoubt it,\" Maureen said suddenly. \"The bit about your head on a plate,rnthat is. If He didn't have Lucifer's head on a plate, He'll have nornone's!\" \"You got a point,\" Gabriel admitted. \"Anyway… you know… it's just an expression .\" She smiled at him. \"I know.\" There was a knock at the door. \"Probably Ben,\" she mused, rising to answer it. Arnmoment later, Brigid came skipping into the room. When she saw Gabrielrnperched on the chair like a bird, she came to a sudden halt, her mouthrnmaking a silent \"O\" of surprise. \"Hi,\" Gabriel said, smiling down at her. \"Did you have fun at Camp Carnival this morning?\" She frowned. \"How did you know I was at Camp Carnival?\" \"I know everything,\" he told her, and she nodded solemnly. \"I'm glad you're feeling better,\" she said earnestly. \"Yeah,\" he agreed. \"Me too.\" She was quiet for a moment. \"Going on a cruise makes people better.\" Before Gabriel could ask what she meant, the dark-haired man from the night before was there. \"Hello again,\" he said. \"I'm Ben… Maureen's husband.\" \"Yeah,rnI remember,\" Gabriel said. He surprised the other man by extending hisrnhand as a human would have done. \"Nice to see you again.\" \"Sure,\"rnBen said faintly. He had never thought he'd shake hands with the angelrnGabriel. \"I brought your towel,\" he finally said, holding out thernneatly folded bloodstained beach towel. \"Oh… thanks. Just put it down somewhere, I guess.\" \"I'm going down to the Purser's Desk to check on your things,\" Doctor Langford told Gabriel. \"All right?\" \"Yeah, that'd be great, Roger – thanks!\" \"Where's Margaret?\" Maureen asked as she sat down on the sofa with Ben. \"Asleep,\" he replied. \"She was out all night with some kids she met.\" Maureen frowned. \"Doing what?\" Ben shrugged. \"Dancing, I think.\" He smiled sadly. \"She said she had fun, and that's what counts. Right?\" Maureen nodded silently. Brigidrngot herself a pastry from the breakfast cart and sat down in thernarmchair near Gabriel's. \"You look like a bird,\" she suddenly announced. \"Brigid!\" Maureen scolded, mortified. \"Well, he does !\" Brigid protested. Gabriel shrugged. \"Yeah, I guess I do. It's the wings, right?\" \"Uh huh. And how do you sit like that without falling?\" the child wanted to know. \"Dunno… I never thought about it.\" \"Well, I couldn't sit like that,\" she told him. \"I'd fall over!\" \"I have good balance,\" he said with a smile. \"You sure do,\" Ben agreed, eyeing Gabriel. \"I've never seen anyone sit like that!\" \"Are you sure she was all right?\" Maureen asked, obviously picking up a previous conversation. \"Yeah, Honey, she was fine,\" Ben said, sounding a bit exasperated. \"She's sleeping, OK?\" \"So she was tired,\" Maureen worried. Ben rolled his eyes. \"You'd be tired too if you'd been out dancing all night!\" Brigid caught Gabriel's eye. \"When we get to Rome, Margaret will be all better. That's why we came on this trip.\" Gabrielrnfrowned, for he knew that nothing on Earth would make Margaret better.rn\"Did they tell you that?\" he asked, gesturing at her parents, who werernstill discussing the other child. \"No. I figured it out all byrnmyself. She got to make a wish, so I made one too. I wished that she'llrnbe better… so she will. She got her wish, and I'll get mine.\" \"Ah,\" Gabriel said, not really understanding her logic. \"There'srna group called Make-A-Wish,\" Ben explained. \"They grant wishes to… ah,rnkids in need.\" His eyebrows went up significantly. \"You know. Special kids.\" \"Yeah,\" Gabriel said, understanding. Clearly, Maureen and Ben didn't want Brigid to know the whole situation. \"Margaret wanted to go on a big boat,\" Brigid put in, gesturing expansively. \"And this is her wish.\" Gabrielrnsuddenly realized that Maureen was watching him, her green eyes brightrnwith tears. \"Saint Gabriel, would you do something for me?\" He thought he knew what she was going to ask, but she surprised him. \"Would you pray for Margaret? Would you ask God to heal her?\" \"Yeah, I will,\" he promised, and she smiled and wiped her eyes. There was a knock on the door and she rose to answer it. \"I'verngot your things, Gabriel,\" Doctor Langford announced. He had a bundlernof clothing covered with plastic draped over one arm and was carrying arnshiny trumpet in his other hand. \"That's great!\" Gabriel said, standing and jumping down from his perch. \"Now I can go see that guy – thanks a lot!\" The doctor smiled. \"Any time.\" \"Didrnyou see Lucifer and his new pals?\" Gabriel wondered, taking the laundryrnfrom the doctor and setting his trumpet on the coffee table. \"Yes,rnactually I did,\" he replied, smiling. \"They're in Piano Man, having therntime of their lives. Did you know Lucifer plays the piano?\" \"Yeah, I did,\" Gabriel said with a little laugh. \"And he seems to know every song ever written – he's got quite a crowd in there, and he's taking requests!\" Gabriel just shook his head, smiling. \"You love him, don't you?\" Maureen said quietly. Gabriel was shocked. \"What? Lucifer?\" \"Yeah, Lucifer.\" He began to protest, but she just gave him a look. \"Yeah, OK, I love him,\" he finally admitted. \"He's my brother.\" She nodded, seeming satisfied. \"Look, I'm gonna go change,\" he said. \"And then I gotta take off.\" \"We'll be sad to see you go,\" Maureen said. \"Thanks, Maureen.\" He went into the bathroom to change. Whenrnhe came out, he was gratified to see the humans staring at him in awe;rnclearly he once again looked the part of Messenger of God. \"Wow, you look like a real angel now,\" Brigid said, as though reading his mind. \"Like you'd see in a painting.\" \"Thanks, Kiddo,\" he said, patting her head. Hernwent to the nightstand and began gathering up his belongings; a littlernbottle of blessed oil, an ornately calligraphied Bible, and a smallrndagger. He quickly secreted these items in interior pockets of his longrndark blue brocaded cloak. His silver chain link belt was sitting thererntoo, and he picked it up and looped it around his waist, then glancedrnup at the mirror over the bed. \"Perfect,\" he decided, smoothing down his cloak. \"Now I just need my trumpet – \" \"Here,\" Brigid said, appearing by his side and offering the instrument. \"Great,\" he said, taking it and attaching it to his belt. \"How's that?\" She nodded her approval. \"Yeah, just like a painting of an angel!\" \"I have to agree,\" Doctor Langford put in, shaking his head. \"I wouldn't believe it if I weren't seeing it with my own eyes!\" There was a knock at the door and the doctor went to see who it was. \"So you're leaving now.\" Maureen said, standing. It wasn't a question. \"Yeah,rngotta go. You know how it is.\" He reached out and grasped her hand.rn\"Thanks for everything, Maureen. You were a great nurse!\" She blushed deeply. \"I was honored to help you!\" Doctor Langford walked over with a teenage girl following shyly behind. \"Gabriel, this is Margaret,\" he said. Margaret's green eyes widened and she crossed herself. \"Saint Gabriel,\" she murmured under her breath. Shernlooked much as her mother had at that same age, Gabriel mused. Exceptrnthat her mother hadn't been almost translucently pale… and her motherrnhad had a thick head of coppery red hair. Margaret, on the other hand,rnwore a multicolored scarf tied around her head, left bald by futilernmedical treatments. \"It's good to meet you, Margaret,\" Gabriel said, smiling. \"You almost missed me… I was about to take off.\" \"You're God's Messenger,\" she said, her voice barely a whisper. \"Yeah, that's me,\" he agreed. \"Will you give Him a message from me?\" Gabrielrncocked his head, studying her. \"Sure,\" he finally said. He was asrncurious as everyone else present what this message might be. \"Tell Him I'm not afraid,\" she said. \"Not anymore… not since I saw you .\" Gabrielrnnodded once. \"Yeah, I'll tell Him.\" He opened the door to the balconyrnand stepped outside into the bright Mediterranean sunlight. He stoodrnthere for a moment, letting The Word fill him… and he suddenly knew whyrnJones had knocked him on the head. He turned back. \"Maureen,\" he said. She came forward, looking puzzled. \"Yes?\" \"Make a wish,\" he said softly. \"I don't – \" she began. \"Ben will dance at her wedding,\" Gabriel told her. \"I promise.\" He kissed two fingers and waved his hand at Margaret. \"Shhh.\" The sunlight became bright, overpowering. The humans squinted, looking away from the brilliance. When they could see again, Gabriel was gone. AUTHOR'S NOTES: The song \"California Girls\" belongs to the Beach Boys. ThernMake-A-Wish Foundation is a real charitable organization dedicated torngranting the wishes of terminally ill children. Do a Google search forrntheir website – it will make you cry.[Chapter 4] \"The Kindness of Strangers\" Epilogue 1 \"Sympathy For The Devil\" It was the last night of the cruise; tomorrow they would dock in Rome and fly back to New York, and then on to Pittsburgh. The suitcases had been packed and the request for the early morning wakeup call had been placed.[Chapter 5] \"The Kindness of Strangers\" Epilogue 1 \"Giving Thanks\" AUTHOR'S NOTE: Sorry this has been so long in coming –nI've been sick with bronchitis since October and haven't reallynfelt like writing until today! ","Summary":" \"The Kindness of Strangers\" Chapter 1 \"Welcome Aboard!\" STANDARD DISCLAIMER: The Prophecy belon"},{"Movie":"Bright","Title":"Chaves para a Harmonia","Author":"Animated-Geek-Lonely-Nerd","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13049533","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Era só mais um dia de trabalho para Judy Snow naquela manhã. Trabalho o qual ela era muito grata por conseguir, depois de tanto tempo tentando ser contratada e depois de ter estudado muito e ter aguentado poucas e boas. Ela tinha conseguido passar numa faculdade de humanos, mesmo sendo orc. Sabia que não seria fácil, nem seria vista como igual o tempo todo, mas era o sonho dela ser professora. A escola onde Judy trabalhava ficava numa comunidade orc de Los Angeles, e ela lecionava hiatória para alunos de uma idade considerada difícil, 12 pra 13 anos. Crianças se transformando em jovens revoltados, que não deixavam passar despercebido sua realidade dura. Realidade essa que chegou até os muros aparentemente seguros da escola. Judy fazia seu melhor para conciliar a vontade de seus alunos, deviam seguir as regras da sociedade, mas nunca esquecer quem eram de verdade e não deixar nenhum preconceito ditar quem eram. Mas ninguém podia escapar da realidade. Quando o incidente aconteceu, sua primeira reação foi gritar e se abaixar, mas imediatamente pensou em seus alunos. -Tentem sair! Aquilo pareceu estúpido logo depois de ter dito. Como iriam se proteger? -Parado, polícia de Los Angeles!-ouviu duas vozes desconhecidas dizerem. Ainda assim, não ousou sair de debaixo da sua mesa. Ward e Jakoby estavam fazendo mais uma patrulha, o que fazia parte da rotina de seu trabalho. Apesar de toda a aventura extraordinária que passaram, e o reconhecimento que ganharam, pouca coisa mudou no cotidiano. Orcs ainda eram párias e elfos ainda eram privilegiados. Inclusive Nick, porém pelo menos agora, tinha começado a conquistar o respeito de Daryl. Os dois policiais se sentiram apreensivos ao perceber que seu chamado era atender uma ocorrência num bairro predominantemente orc. -Ei Nick?-Ward chamou seu parceiro. -Fala Ward-disse Nick prontamente. -Acho melhor você conduzir a situação aqui-sugeriu o humano. -Mesmo? Confia em mim agora? - O orc estava animado porém ainda desconfiado. -Eu acho que você vai saber lidar melhor com as coisas por aqui do que eu, então pra não fazer nada errado, vou apenas te seguir-explicar melhor Ward-então presta atencão e vê se faz tudo direito, por favor. -Tá legal-Nick respondeu ao ver que a cara do parceiro era de sinceridade. O chamado que receberam descrevia um suspeito numa escola. Ambos os policiais tinham uma ideia do que poderia acontecer com uma premissa dessas, e infelizmente estavam certos. Apresentando seus distintivos, rapidamente entraram no local, alguns alunos murmuraram ao ver Nick passar, como \"aquele cara da TV que virou policial\". A tarefa deles se baseava em algo duvidoso, a aparência de um suposto atirador, o que trazia más lembranças. Mas eles tinham um bom olhar treinado. Seguiram um jovem encapuzado discretamente por entre os espaços da escola, sei saber de que raça era, as suas mãos estavam enfiadas dentro do bolso do moletom, o que poderia estar escondendo uma arma. Nick tocou o ombro do garoto, que se esquivou e saiu correndo, entrando em uma das salas de aula. Logo depois ouviram os disparos e ao darem a ordem de comando, descobriram que o atirador era humano. -Tem que prender ele Ward-instruiu Nick sem tirar sua arma da mira. Ward entendeu os motivos pra isso e seguiu o conselho do colega. Os alunos continuaram correndo para fora. Quando a sala toda estava aparentemente vazia, Nick notou que tinha mais alguém ali. Rodeou a mesa da professora e lá estava ela, completamente apavorada. A/N: eu: legal assisti Bright pela primeira vez e amei (apesar das críticas), tô cheia de ideias pra uma continuação, já sei, vou escrever uma história! meu cérebro: mas você já tá escrevendo 200 outras histórias! ! eu: escrever mais uma não vai fazer mal né? Então pessoal foi bem isso que aconteceu. Eu assisti Bright e gostei muito do filme, especialmente os personagens e o trio Ward, Jakoby e Tikka, e todo esse universo e tinha que escrever algo, então aí está! PS: Eu amo o Nick 3[Chapter 2] Os olhos de Judy estavam apertados e fechados, as mãos sobre a cabeça, os joelhos inquietos encostando em seu queixo, a única coisa que tinha consciência era de que tremia de medo, da cabeça aos pés. -Senhorita? - alguém a chamou e ela não queria responder, ainda tinha medo - senhorita? A voz insistiu de novo, e para que Judy reagisse, a pessoa por trás dela a sacudiu de leve. -Me desculpe, eu... - a voz dela falhou. Depois de mais um segundo de pânico, sua mente conseguiu se focar em quem estava na sua frente. Judy o conhecia, mas ao mesmo tempo não sabia quem era. Estranhou o orc com o uniforme policial que ainda insistia em tira-la do seu estado de choque. Só podia ser o oficial de quem falavam na televisão e no bairro. Era odiado pela maioria, um fracote cria de humanos como alguns chamavam, mas uma pequena minoria, inclusive ela, o admirava, por ter a coragem de enfrentar tudo e todos para ser o que queria ser. -Já passou, confie em mim, está segura agora-disse o oficial calmamente. Judy leu seu sobrenome bordado no uniforme e se conseguiu associar a tudo que tinha visto sobre ele. Judy suspirou profundamente, tentando se acalmar de vez. Lentamente saiu de debaixo da mesa. Ainda respirava alto e profundamente quando ficou de pé. -Obrigada policial-disse Judy ainda abalada. Judy tentou sair da sala, seus passos pareciam pesados e fora de órbita. Seus olhos vasculharam a sua amada sala de aula, uma bagunça terrível espalhada por ela, as carteiras tombadas, os materiais de seus alunos jogados, nenhum deles estava ali. Os únicos que estavam eram ela e o policial. Nick tentou conforta-la, mas via o quanto a moça estava abatida e em choque, apenas caminhou ao lado dela mantendo sua retaguarda. Toda a escola estava agitada com o que aconteceu, conforme passavam pelo lugar até a saída, se via como todos estavam aflitos. Lá fora, havia viaturas e paramédicos. E apesar disso tudo, Judy ainda não sabia dizer o que exatamente tinha acontecido. -Jakoby! - ela viu um outro policial se aproximar deles - estava esperando por você, tá tudo bem com você? -Eu estou bem mas a senhorita aqui não - Nick se voltou para a professora - desculpe a indelicadeza, claramente não está bem, mas qual é o seu nome? -Snow... - Judy murmurou - Judy Snow. Eu sou professora do 7º ano. Senhor, o que aconteceu foi... um tiroteio... quem foi o responsável? -Estamos trabalhando nisso srta. Snow - Ward tomou a frente - por favor tente se acalmar. Quando se sentir melhor, iremos procura-la novamente pra um depoimento. -Eu... - por mais abalada que estivesse, Judy se surpreendeu a ser bem tratada por um policial humano - agradeço o que fizeram por mim. -Precisamos ir - Nick assentiu e não acrescentou mais nada, achando que um outro jeito de se despedir não caberia no momento. Judy os observou se afastando, viu que se encaminhavam à viatura da polícia. Quando o veículo completou a volta na rua para seguir seu destino, vislumbrou aquele que havia invadido sua sala de aula. Apesar da distância, era claramente um garoto humano. Perceber isso fez com que seu ataque de pânico voltasse novamente. Ainda esperou mais um pouco para que algum profissional capacitado viesse ver seu estado. Escorou na parede mais próxima, e depois, paramédicos lhe deram um calmante, junto com um pedido para que ela fosse pra casa. Era o único lugar onde Judy se sentiria segura agora.[Chapter 3] Depois de deixarem a escola na comunidade orc, Ward e Jakoby seguiram em silêncio, o que o seu prisioneiro também fazia, ajudando a manter a tensão constrangedora. Daryl admitiu a si mesmo que gostaria de perguntar ao jovem o que tinha na cabeça dele para entrar atirando num lugar público cheio de orcs, mas ele mesmo pidia pensar numa lista de motivos para fazer isso, sejam os motivos fundáveis ou não. Entendeu também porque Nick pediu para que ele prendesse o garoto. Não importasse a situação, orcs sempre seriam os vilões. Nick queria entender porque o garoto fez aquilo. As razões que pensou eram as mesmas que as que Ward pensou, no entanto, sabia que o ato de violência tinha que ter uma razão específica. E além disso, Nick podia sentir esses motivos na própria pele. E mais uma vez questionou a si mesmo, quando orcs seriam vistos sem preconceito. Chegaram à delegacia e o garoto ainda não tinha abrido a boca. Só o que tinha trocado com os policiais era olhares duros e cheios de ódio. Nick os interpretou como se ele dissesse \"eu tenho orgulho do que fiz e faria de novo, vocês estão todos errados\". -Nick me espere pra voltarmos ao noaso posto-disse Ward-eu vou registrar o caso sozinho. -Tá legal-o orc aceitou mais uma vez e, novamente, estranhou a situação. Daryl estava anormalmente compreensivo. De qualquer forma, viu que era melhor que um policial humano conduzisse um criminoso humano, pelo menos naquele caso em particular. -Diga seu nome por favor-Ward perguntou quando Jakoby já estava longe. -Mark Samson - murmurou o garoto, completamente mal encarado. -Qual sua idade? - continuou Ward. -17 - respondeu Mark. -Cara... - comentou o policial, num jeito que soava mais como \"tão jovem pra fazer tanta besteira\" - vem, vai ficar sob custódia até que te interroguem. -Tanto faz... - disse o jovem um pouco mais desafiador. -Não tem ideia do que aprontou, né garoto? - Ward estava impressionado com a ousadia - te mandaram fazer isso por acaso? -Não é detetive, oficial - comentou o meliante em tom debochado - isso não te interessa, senhor e, ninguém liga pros orcs mesmo. Daryl não podia argumentar com aquilo. Apenas prendeu o garoto antes que perdesse a paciência. Quando saiu Nick ainda estava o esperando, e assim, retornaram para sua patrulha. Judy tomava chá compulsivamente, sentada no sofá de sua casa, na noite do dia do tiroteio. Ao chegar ao bairro, ninguém pareceu se importar muito com ela. O único lugar que tinha conseguido alugar era predominantemente humano, embora tivesse alguns outros orcs ali. Para não serem rechaçados, viviam uma vida bem discreta e silenciosa, o que Judy também fazia. Ao respirar devagar, buscava controlar o medo e o pânico que crescia dentro dela, tentava se convencer de que estava segura, de que nenhum mal aconteceria a ela. No entanto, tentava também se preparar para conversar sobre o que tinha visto, principalmente quando a polícia a intimasse. Pensando na polícia, Judy lembrou-se do policial orc, Jakoby, e como ele tinha a apoiado e a confortado durante toda a situação. Pelo menos tinha essa memória agora como alívio. Judy sentiu o cansaço bater forte, e graças a ele, conseguiu pegar no sono, mas não sem ter pesadelos que envolviam morte e sangue. As imagens eram distorcidas mas sempre envolviam ela e Jakoby, ele tentava socorre-la quando já era tarde demais.[Chapter 4] Mark acordou com o barulho de uma sacudidela nas barras de sua cela. Era ali que tinha passado o tempo desde que o tinham pegado na escola. Mesmo com essa consequência, o que poderia vir pela frente não o amedrontava o não o fazia se arrepender do que fez. Ele havia visto o policial orc na escola e na delegacia e sua raiva só aumentou por isso. Mas de qualquer forma, estava satisfeito com sua vingança. Levaram-no até o interrogatório e lá contou o motivo de seus atos. Mark fazia um trajeto de casa para a escola e vice-versa que até era pacífico, até o menino humano ser alvo de chacota de alguns outros jovens, orcs meliantes. Bondade e maldade existem, independente da raça de alguém. E nesse caso, a maldade levou a algo mais grave. Não se dando por satisfeitos, os mesmos bullies atacaram Mark, o que foi o principal motivo para que atacasse os alunos. Por enquanto, seguindo os seus direitos, Mark deveria esperar por um defensor público que aceitasse seu caso. Caso esse em que testemunhas deveriam ser ouvidas, incluindo Judy Snow. Judy não tinha dormido direito àquela noite e por isso acordou sonolenta. Ao encarar o espelho, julgou sua aparência como horrível. Lavou o rosto tentando levar para longe também as lembranças do dia anterior, mas sabia que no momento isso era impossível. Judy não conseguiu evitar dar um pulo ao ouvir seu celular tocando, embora estivesse familiarizada com o ringtone de chamadas. Ao atender viu que era da escola. -Alô? - disse ela com a voz trêmula. -Professora Snow - disse a secretária - ligamos pra comunicar que não teremos aulas durante um mês, pelo menos os seus alunos e os outros professores. A polícia fechou a sala para investigações e imaginamos que os alunos estejam traumatizados para voltar. Não só eles , pensou ela enquanto ouvia. -Depois te avisamos quando vamos voltar - prosseguiu a secretária - até logo. E desligou. Sem nenhum \"como você está?\". Aquilo era só uma burocracia para alguns, e pra ela e seus alunos, uma grande experiência traumática que marcou suas vidas. Judy então tentou comer alguma coisa e talvez, dar uma volta na vizinhança, o mais discretamente possível, para ver se conseguia evitar pensar no tiroteio. Não era costume de Judy sair de casa meio sem motivo, bem o que o momento estava parecendo para ela. De qualquer forma, puxou o capuz do moletom sobre a cabeça,numa tentativa de se esconder de tudo e de todos. Botou is pés para fora de casa e começou a andar. Quem mais viu eram humanos, atarefados, ocupados com suas vidas, jndo de um lado para o outro resolver seus próprios problemas. Ao virar a próxima rua, decidiu dar volta, rumando de volta pra casa. Notou a pequena caixa de correio remexida e então abriu para ver suas últimas correspondências recebidas. Havia um único envelope, e os brasões municipais nele a fizeram estremecer. O remetente dizia: POLÍCIA DE LOS ANGELES. Abriu com mais apreensão e descobriu que se tratava de uma intimação para depor como testemunha. Bem que os policiais tinham avisado, pensou ela. Pelo menos até o dia chegar, teria tempo de se recompor, o melhor que conseguisse frente à como se sentia.[Chapter 5] Ainda um pouco abalada, mas bem melhor do que nos últimos dias, Judy se levantou e começou a se aprontar para o seu depoimento. Em seu subconsciente, era como se arrumar para ir à escola outra vez, em mais um dia de trabalho. Ela tentava acreditar nisso enquanto se arrumava. Uma hora e meia depois, havia chegado à delegacia. Apesar do zelo que se percebia em manter a fachada apresentável, podia se notar uma falha aqui e ali na pintura, e algumas pequenas rachaduras. Era assim com a maioria dos prédios públicos, as aparências tentavam enganar como realmente funcionavan por dentro. Essa era uma verdade na qual Judy nunca duvidara. A polícia sempre foi inimiga dos orcs. Era muito mais fácil eles te agredirem do que te defenderem e era por isso que Judy hesitou tanto em entrar. Mas não entrar seria pior, talvez se encontrasse o oficial Jakoby as coisas fossem mais fáceis lá dentro. Judy respirou fundo e subiu os degraus do prédio. Quando entrou, havia alguns policiais no corredor, provavelmente jogando conversa fora ou realmente trabalhando. Judy reparou que alguns a olharam de cara feia. Ela abaixou o olhar para o chão. Notou o sargento que provavelmente estava ali para atender quem chegasse, mas Judy sabia que ele a estava evitando. Se conteve para não perder as estribeiras e apenas deu outro suspiro exasperado. -Que é que tá fazendo aqui?-ouviu alguém se dirigir a ela. -Eu fui intimada para um depoimento nesse departamento-ela respondeu meio apreensiva. De qualquer forma a resposta não surtiu efeito no policial. O homem uniformizado só fez uma cara de desdém e continuou tentando tolerar a presença de Judy. Ela esperou mais um pouco, morrendo de vontade de ir embora, mas também sabia que não podia ir sem prestar a satisfação pela qual estava ali. Começou a bater os pés em inquietação até que viu alguém que não esperava, o que deu a Judy uma chance. -Policial Jakoby!-ela falou exasperada, o que o fez se virar rapidamente. -Srta. Snow-a memória de Nick funcionou rapidamente-o que faz aqui? Por mais que a pergunta fosse a mesma que ela ouviu a pouco, a maneira que ele perguntou era infinitamente melhor. -Eu fui intimida a prestar depoimento-Judy disse aliviada por não ter que explicar o porque-só não sei quem devo procurar. -O inspetor está esperando-Nick se lembrou-se quiser te levo até a sala. -Muito obrigada mesmo-Judy conseguiu sorrir. Ela queria dizer mais, \"obrigada por me salvar outra vez\" mas não o fez. Nick apenas a guiou e indicou a porta. Ele abriu para ela e a deixou entrar sozinha. Judy respirou fundo antes de encarar o detetive inspetor. Era um humano bem comum, com uma expressão séria, querendo acabar logo seu serviço. -É Judy Snow certo? - perguntou ele-sente, por favor. Sou o detetive inspetor Spryss. Me diga seu nome completo e profissão. -Judith Barbra Snow, sou professora de história do 7. ano na CEO Juvenil. -Conhece o acusado?-prosseguiu o detetive. -Não senhor, nunca o vi-Judy alegou-ele claramente não era um estudante da escola onde trabalho, eu mal vi seu rosto, na verdade senhor... Ela deu um suspiro. -Está nervosa demais srta. Snow-comentou Spryss de um jeito suspeito. -Delegacias me deixam nervosas-Judy olhou para baixo ao responder. -Não entendo o porque se sua ficha criminal é limpa-o detetive deu de ombros. Judy só pensou \"em que mundo ele vive?\". -Lembrar do evento é ainda difícil pra mim senhor-ela admitiu-quero dizer que, depois do tiroteio, quer dizer... o acusado entrou na minha sala de aula, faltavam uns 5 alunos para chegar ainda e eu percebi o gatilho na direção deles. Eu os mandei se proteger e me escondi debaixo da mesa, fiquei lá até que os oficiais Ward e Jakoby chegassem e controlassem a situação. Quando eu já estava fora da escola, vi o garoto na viatura, foi aí que vi seu rosto. -É esse garoto?-Spryss mostrou a foto no sistema de Mark Samson. -Ele mesmo-Judy afirmou. -Então confirma que ele tento matar você e seus alunos-perguntou o detetive. -Eu não sei quais eram as reais intenções dele mas tudo leva a crer que esse é o motivo. -A srta. argumenta muito bem-disse Spryss-apenas assine aqui e está dispensada, obrigado. Quando Judy assinou seu nome, sua mão esquerda estava trêmula. Assentiu para o detetive e saiu, respirando fundo ao passar pela porta. O incômodo de Judy não passou despercebido por Nick, que a chamou a fazendo esperar.[Chapter 6] -Sim senhor? - Judy se virou para responde-lo, se sentindo muito mais aliviada e melhor agora. -Não quero parecer curioso ou invasivo mas - Nick deu um suspiro antes de prosseguir, para conseguir lidar com o constrangimento que sentia - devo confessar que fiquei muito preocupado com a srta. depois de tudo que aconteceu. Como está agora, se me permite perguntar? -Não tem sido muito fácil, sabe - Judy não se deu conta de que estava desabafando - eu... não consigo tirar da cabeça o que eu vi e toda vez que eu lembro sinto o mesmo medo, como se vivesse tudo outra vez. -Eu sinto muito por isso - Nick disse - não deveria ter que ver algo assim, ainda mais no seu ambiente de trabalho. -Os meus alunos eram todos inocentes - Judy disse com pesar - sei que alguns podem ser considerados problemáticos, mas todos tem um bom coração. Alguns eu conheço há mais tempo mas todos são bons. -Felizmente ninguém foi morto - Nick disse tentando consola-la, mas percebeu que só a assustou ainda mais. -Não me avisaram nada sobre o depois do incidente - ela se acalmou e respondeu - nem tive coragem de ver os noticiários. O que mais pode me dizer sobre o caso? -Três alunos foram feridos, uma bala de raspão, e outras duas no abdômen dos outros dois alunos, estão em recuperação, mas passam bem - Nick disse a ela, percebendo o quanto aquilo a deixou um pouco melhor. -Obrigada senhor - Judy sorriu, sentindo que já deveria ir, mas queria ficar mais um pouco - acha que vão me chamar novamente? -Talvez, mas acredito que não srta. Já fez sua parte - ele explicou. -Pode me chamar de Judy, se quiser senhor - ela ofereceu. -Certo, Judy - Nick concordou - olha, Judy, se precisar de algo, qualquer coisa, me procure. -Eu só não sei como entro em contato com você - Judy apontou o único problema na ajuda. -Ah claro - Nick fechou os olhos e suspirou, se sentindo bobo. Judy tirou um pedaço de papel e uma caneta da bolsa e ofereceu a ele. -Aqui - ela indicou - escreva seu telefone. Nick sorriu sem graça ao aceitar o papel e a caneta. Escreveu seu número e, num impulso, adicionou seu endereço. \"Talvez pode acontecer de não dar certo me ligar\" pensou ele. -Aqui está Judy-ele devolveu depois de escrever, ainda sentindo um certo receio, porém gostando da conversa-a propósito, pode me chamar de Nick, só de Nick. -Está bem-Judy sorriu-de qualquer forma eu agradeço. -Eu adoraria conversar mais mas...-ele se desculpou-o dever chama. -Claro, claro, desculpe tomar seu tempo-ela entendeu-então, tchau. Judy deu um último aceno e tomou seu caminho, Nick suspirou e voltou pra dentro, qntes que Daryl chamasse sua atenção por não estar em seu posto. De qualquer forma, retornou à delegacia feliz por ver que Judy estava melhor. No fim do dia, Daryl percebeu que havia algo diferente com Nick, apesar do dia cansativo, em que deram advertências a trombadinhas, porém sem nenhuma prisão. Estavam tomando o csminho de volta para a delegacia, foi quando Daryl aproveitou a oportunidade para perguntar. -Tudo bem Nick?-ele jogou, casualmente. -Eu estou bem, obrigado por perguntar-o orc se sentiu agradecido pela preocupação do parceiro. -Aconteceu alguma coisa com você não foi?-continuou Ward-olha não quero ser curioso nem nada só queria me falasse se sim ou não. -Se eu responder sim ou não isso ainda te faz um curioso-Jakoby apontou-quer pelo menos uma pista. -Olha era só falar que não quer me contar do que uma resposta desse tamanho-Ward foi sincero e impaciente. Nick virou os olhos e desistiu daquele joguinho. -Encontrei aquela professora que socorremos no tiroteio-ele contou. -A do Centro Juvenil?-Ward quis confirmar-a coitada estava tão apavorada... -É por isso que eu pareci \"diferente\"-Nick enfatizou a última palavra com as mãos-ela parecia bem melhor. -Sabe Nick pra nós nunca é fácil, mas pros civis, é pior ainda-Ward refletiu. -É-Nick concordou. Ficaram em silêncio por um tempo até o orc falar de novo. -Te vemos mais tarde?-perguntou ele, um pouco esperançoso. -Vou ver o que a Sherri acha-respondeu o humano. -Tudo bem-o orc se contentoi com a resposta. Mais uns metros e chegaram ao seu destino. Nick acenou ao \"falou cara\" de Daryl e então foram para casa.[Chapter 7] O jantar de Nick foi solitário, ele comeu rápido o que tinha na geladeira e tentou descansar um pouco antes de iniciar sua segunda jornada no dia. Às 8 e meia da noite, depois de ter tirado um pequeno cochilo, levantou-se e foi até a garagem. Deu uma última olhada nas suas queridas plantas no jardim do pequeno quintal, e entrou no carro, rumo ao outro lado da cidade. Era um lugar estranho e completamente não propício para um orc se estar, mas mesmo assim, ele não desistia de ir diariamente durante a noite até lá. Desde a noite em que encontraram Tikka, a vida de Nick e Daryl nunca mais voltou a ser a mesma, e a elfa marcou os dois, cada um de uma forma diferente. Um tempo depois da homenagem que foi prestada a eles e aos outros policiais que foram mortos, agentes da Força Tarefa Mágica reencontraram a elfa bright. Ela contou a eles o que julgou necessário sobre a situação, ocultando principalmente o fato de que Nick voltou à vida e o plano dos Inferni de trazer o Lorde das Trevas de volta. Pelo o que ela declarou, as autoridades competentes julgaram melhor coloca-la num programa de testemunhas. A própria Tikka pediu permissão para que estivesse sob a custódia e proteção de NIck e Daryl, já que sentia a falta dos dois. No fim das contas, agentes federais continuaram zelando pela segurança da elfa, mas permitiram que Jakoby e Ward soubessem de que ela estava bem e viva. Já que tanto NIck e Tikka eram sozinhos, ele decidiu visita-la todas as noites e Daryl o acompanhava ocasionalmente. O velho policial, mais experiente que agora seu tão novato parceiro, ainda era relutante com toda essa conversa de magia. Magia sempre foi um tabu desde os tempos de Jirak, e agora não era muito diferente. Nick sabia que o fato de ser um Bright assustava seu colega de trabalho e orc o respeitava e o entendia, depois de tudo que tinham passado. No entanto, a experiência de superar a morte só deixou NIck cada vez mais empolgado sobre o assunto. Além disso, ele julgava importante saber mais sobre magia, caso cruzasse com ela outra vez, assim Tikka tirava as dúvidas que ele tinha. Nick estacionou o velho carro em frente ao prédio pequeno e simples, desceu, subiu a pequena escadaria, encarou os nomes ao lado de suas respectivas campainhas, até encontrar o simples T. que correspondia ao apartamento de Tikka. Tocou a campainha e esperou, um pouco depois a porta se abriu, revelando uma mocinha meio magrela, pálida e frágil. Olhando assim, qualquer um a julgaria doente, mas ela estava muito bem, apenas mantendo uma aparência que ajudava na sua própria segurança. Ela usava o capuz do moletom sobre a cabeça, como sempre fazia. -Boa noite Nick - Tikka deu um sorriso caloroso, embora tímido. -Oi, boa noite, tudo bem com você? - ele respondeu enquanto ela abria caminho para deixá-lo entrar. -Eu estou bem mas você... - Tikka se interrompeu sozinha - há alguma coisa errada? Daryl foi rude com você de novo? -Não, ele não - Nick a tranquilizou - na verdade ele tem sido muito gentil comigo, na medida do possível pra ele, devo admitir, mas... -Sim? - Tikka o instigou a continuar, enquanto agora eles subiam as escadas. -Soube do tiroteio no Centro Educacional Orc Juvenil? - ele começou o assunto, entrando no apartamento e sentando-se no seu lugar de sempre do pequeno sofá. -Vocês interceptaram o atirador? - mesmo que a televisão não havia divulgado os policiais envolvidos, Tikka pôde deduzir isso. -Foi - Nick lamentou mais uma vez - um garoto humano atacando garotos orcs no seu próprio território. Se eu fosse mais rebelde, veria como um ato de guerra, e talvez até iria atrás dele. -Mas você entende melhor do que ninguém que essa sempre foi a resposta errada - Tikka o compreendeu - isso tem te atormentado, não é? -É, isso e o estado da professora que estava no meio de tudo isso - ele lamentou ao lembrar de Judy - ela estava tão assustada quando eu e Daryl a tiramos da escola e depois... ela ainda parecia abalada. -Onde a encontrou de novo? - Tikka ficou curiosa. -Quando ela foi prestar depoimento - Nick esclareceu - foi hoje mais cedo. Eu até ofereci ajuda, sabe, se ela precisasse conversar com alguém... -Ela aceitou, não? - a elfa temeu pelo amigo ter sido rejeitado. -Aceitou sim - Nick assentiu - na verdade ela insistiu para que eu desse meu telefone, e na real, nem sei direito porque fiz isso. -Eu sei - a elfa soou como uma criança esperta - porque você é um bom policial que sempre cumpre seu dever e uma boa pessoa. -Ora, obrigado - Nick corou um pouco. -Estou sendo sincera - Tikka sorriu e Nick pareceu um pouco mais aliviado de toda a situação que já lidava há dias agora.[Chapter 8] Judy voltou para casa da delegacia muito melhor do que pensava que voltaria, e sabia que devia tudo isso à Nick Jakoby. Ninguém ali além dele lhe daria a atenção que ela recebeu e por isso ela era grata. E pela primeira vez, depois de todo acidente, ela conseguia pensar em outra coisa que não fosse a experiência traumática. Agora seus pensamentos se enchiam do jeitinho tímido e constrangido do policial, que mesmo assim, não mediu esforços para conversar com ela. A pequena lembrança fez Judy sorrir. Não havia muito o que fazer nesses dias sem aula, em que ela e seus alunos ainda estavam se recuperando do trauma. Se havia algo que Judy amava era estudar história, e era nisso que decidiu se concentrar no tempo livre que tinha agora. Relembrava os fatos desde a queda do Lorde das Trevas e o papel fundamental de Jirak nisso tudo. E é claro que a magia que perpassava tudo isso chamava a atenção dela, mas estudar Magia era algo comumente proibido. Não havia uma lei propriamente dita que proibia, mas procurar magia geralmente também significava procurar encrenca. Não significava que não existia livros sobre esse assunto, alguns daqueles liberados pelo governo, por maneira de dizer, estavam sob a posse de Judy, e foi neles que ela se aprofundou naquela noite em que tinha sido atendida por Nick Jakoby. Por mais que amasse a leitura, aos pouco a atividade foi cansando Judy e ela sentiu que precisava descansar. Deitou-se esperando o sono chegar, mas nada dele vir. Parou para pensar em quando voltaria a trabalhar, se seus alunos estavam bem, se tudo poderia voltar ao normal de alguma forma. Todo trauma, com o tempo, ficava mais fácil de lidar, e era isso que ela esperava. Judy pensou em ligar para Nick, mas não achava que deveria, não naquele momento. Ele tinha sido tão gentil e ela não queria ser inconveniente. Pensou mais um pouco e então, achou melhor uma pequena mensagem. Olá. Sou eu, Judy. Judy não sabia porque ficou ansiosa por uma resposta. Ele deveria estar descansando, ocupado. Foi então que ouviu o som de notificação. Checou mais rápido que o normal. Olá, como está? Judy pensou por um bom momento antes de responder. Vou indo. Espero não estar te incomodando. Incomodando? Não sério, garanto que não. Mesmo? Bom eu... desejo uma boa noite para você. E eu o mesmo. Aquela acabou sendo uma conversa estranha, pois nenhum dos dois sabia direito o que dizer. Queriam continuar a conversa, mas achavam aquele horário inconveniente e, no fim das contas, não tinham um assunto específico. Querendo ou não, sempre voltavam para o atentado na escola, o que ambos estavam tentando esquecer. Foi então que Judy conseguiu ter uma ideia diferente, a tirando daquele estado de estar presa a um trauma, no entanto, seguraria a ansiedade e impaciência, pois a melhor hora de colocar seu plano em prática seria no dia seguinte. Por hora, tentou ir dormir, e, agora, parecia que o sono chegaria mais rápido.[Chapter 9] Ward esperava encontrar Sherri tirando um cochilo ou trabalhando no horário de plantão, tanto um como o outro devido ao trabalho. De qualquer forma, naquela noite a encontrou assistindo ao noticiário, geralmente cheio de notícias ruins. -Oi-ele anunciou sua chegada. -Oi-a esposa sentou-se para falar com ele-chegou mais cedo hoje. -Tivemos um raro dia calmo hoje-Daryl respondeu o motivo-cadê a Sofia? -Quis ficar no quarto depois de jantar-Sherri disse-tudo bem? -Tá, não é nada, não se preocupa à toa, tá legal?-Ward se desvencilhou de mais perguntas e foi ver como a filha estava. -Sofia?-ele bateu na porta do quarto dela. -Entra papai-ela o convidou. -Tudo bem? Sua mãe disse que venho logo depois de jantar pra cá-ele se sentou na cama dela para ouvi-la. -Mamãe estava um pouco nervosa, eu preferi deixá-la sozinha-Sofia deu de ombros. -Sabe me dizer porque ela estava nervosa?-quis saber Daryl, levemente preocupado. -Não queria que você saísse de novo depois do jantar-Sofia contou-ela desconfia de que não esteja com seus amigos ou no trabalho, porque você tem poucos amigos, o que é bem verdade. -Por que ela mesma não me perguntou?-Daryl murmurou para si mesmo-é porque ela sabe que não vai gostar da resposta. Olha Sofia, não ligue pra isso tá? Isso é problema de adulto, entre mim e sua mãe, nós dois é que temos que resolver. -Mas que problema é esse afinal de contas?-Sofia já estava ficando incomodada com a situação. -Posso te contar um segredo?-o pai dela suspirou-promete que vai guardar com você e não vai contar pra ninguém, muito menos pra sua mãe? -Isso não parece certo mas acho que te entendo-Sofia não pode deixar de comentar. -Certo é que...-Daryl reuniu coragem-quando saio depois do jantar é pra ver o Nick e a Tikka. -Disse que não a viu nunca mais - Sofia notou a mentira - por que? Por que não pode contar pra mamãe sobre eles? Eu sei que ela não gosta de outras espécies, mas... eles são seus amigos, não são? -Eles... - Ward ainda não sabia como os considerar - bom, eu e Nick estamos ajudando a protege-la ainda e, sabe, não é totalmente seguro estar perto da Tikka. -E mesmo assim você a visita - a menina ficou irritada com a contrariedade do pai - pra quem ela é perigosa e por que? Tem que me contar porque não estou entendendo nada. Daryl fez uma careta de espanto. -Imagina eu... - confessou - estou tão perdido quanto você, pode crer, mas... evito falar onde vou pra sua mãe porque eu sei que ela não aprovaria. -Você faz uma coisa boa que, talvez pra mamãe, é algo ruim - Sofia refletiu - agora eu entendo. Não se preocupa, não conto nada, vou guardar seu segredo. -Obrigado - o pai estava comovido com o apoio da filha. -Mas não deixe de ser amigo deles, tá legal? - ela recomendou. -Tá bom, Sofia, por você eu vou tentar - ele prometeu. -E por Nick e Tikka também - ela acrescentou. -Por eles também - Ward concordou. Ficaram um pouco em silêncio, enquanto Sofia pegava no sono, Daryl pensava e refletia no dilema que estava vivendo ultimamente, ele via que Nick era um cara legal, alguém mais bondoso e corajoso do que ele mesmo, que ansiava por sua amizade, e agora, depois de tudo, Daryl admitia que Nick merecia ser seu amigo, só não sabia se ele era digno de ser amigo de Nick. Sendo assim, algo que Daryl conseguia conciliar no momento é que Nick era um bom companheiro e por isso o tratava bem enquanto estavam trabalhando e sozinhos, só que estender esse bom tratamento a outros orcs ainda era difícil para o policial humano. No trabalho mesmo, Ward não era de começar zombarias idiotas por causa de Nick, mas quando os outros faziam graça, por mais que não risse, ou participasse, não ousava defender Nick na frente dos outros. Outro dos seus problemas era o fato de ele ser um bright. Esse era o seu pior pesadelo desde o dia em que haviam lutado contra os Inferni, como e porque todo aquele poder tinha saído dele, combinado com a maldita varinha. Algo assim poderia acontecer de novo? Daryl conjecturava que estar em contato direto demais com Tikka poderia criar problemas de nível mágico para ele, por isso evitava Nick e a elfa o quanto podia. Olhando Sofia dormir, tinha medo de que um dia a filha fosse como ele, uma bright, podendo ser perseguida e caçada como eles foram naquela fatídica noite.[Chapter 10] Os dias de espera até que a Polícia de LA e seus peritos liberassem a escola e a sala de aula de Judy eram lentos e melancólicos para ela. Era difícil esquecer do incidente e pior ainda lidar com ele sozinha. Lembrou-se da ajuda que Nick Jakoby havia lhe oferecido, mas ao mesmo tempo que estava desesperada e disposta a aceitar sentia-se culpada em abusar da boa vontade dele. Depois de mandar aquele pequeno SMS, foi criando coragem de procurá-lo pessoalmente. Só não sabia a que hora do dia fazer isso, já que Nick trabalhava o dia todo. As horas livres de Judy iam sendo preenchidas com seu planejamento de aula, pensando também em como seus alunos voltariam depois do tempo de recuperação. De uma coisa ela sabia, teria que ser mais forte que eles. Contariam com ela para dar apoio e consolo nos dias que viriam. Era por isso que Judy procurava conforto para ela mesma, para que ficasse bem o suficiente para apoiar seus alunos. Quando sentiu a barriga roncar, ela pediu uma pizza e enquanto esperava, continuava lendo sobre Magia, chegando a termos pouquíssimo explicados. Sabia dos mitos e mistérios sobre a varinha mágica, considerada uma arma nuclear e sobre os poucos e raros Brights que podiam empunha-las. Comeu quase toda a pizza, sem perceber que devorava uma fatia após outra, de tão distraída que estava. Foi quando deu 7:30 pm que decidiu tomar coragem e ir atrás de Nick, já que precisava desesperadamente de alguém para conversar. Tomou trem após trem em três estações de metrô, tentando passar desapercebida no meio da multidão. Antes que desse 8 da noite, Judy estava tomando fôlego à porta de Nick, prestes a bater. Até ser interrompida por ele mesmo. -Srta. Snow?-Nick ficou confuso ao vê-la ali-está tudo bem? O que faz aqui? Não, que não pudesse me procurar é que... não esperava que viesse pessoalmente me procurar. -Ah me desculpa-Judy sentiu-se sem graça-eu percebi, você já está de saída e eu estou te atrapalhando, eu sinto muito mesmo... -Judy...-o próprio Nick se surpreendeu ao chamá-la pelo primeiro nome -eu vejo que está bastante aflita, por que não entra um pouco? Posso avisar a Tikka que não vou lá hoje. -É a sua namorada não é?-Judy tentou deduzir e se sentiu triste-atrapalhei o encontro de vocês... Nick se viu obrigado a usar uma tática policial, tocar o braço dela, para reafirmar sua presença, para que ela prestasse total atenção nele. -Tikka é uma amiga, nada além disso, te garanto-ele esclareceu-agora entre por favor. Ele pediu com toda calma e Judy acabou aceitando finalmente. Suspirou e seguiu o policial para sua casa adentro. Observou o simples apartamento, pequeno mas confortável, sem nenhum sinal de que vinha alguém ali com frequência. -Fique à vontade-Nick ofereceu e ela sentou-se no sofá, se sentindo tímida outra vez. -Eu me sinto mal por ter feito você perder seu compromisso-Judy lamentou mais uma vez-eu... não sabia mais o que fazer, eu... na verdade, Nick é que, precisava de alguén pra conversar sobre o tiroteio. Eu ainda tenho pesadelos, não sei como vou poder confortar meus alunos quando voltarmos à escola e, tenho medo de que aconteça de novo. Nick se abaixou à frente dela, ignorando a própria timidez, tomando as mãos dela, sentindo o tremor de Judy. -Infelizmente não posso garantir que não vai acontecer-ele disse explicando-uma violência pequena ou grande nós sempre vamos sofrer, mas precisa ter esperança, mesmo que raramente não aconteça nada, nas ainda assim há a possibilidade de tudo ficar bem. Tente acreditar nisso. -Eu... preciso tentar de novo crer que vai ficar tudo bem-Judy apertou mais um pouco as mãos de Nick-tenho medo de sair e... ver algo como aquilo de novo. Sei que não estamos isentos disso, eu... só queria lidar melhor com isso. -Sabe, eu tive um trauma como o seu durante muito tempo-Nick começou a contar, agora sentado ao lado dela-deixei meu parceiro ser baleado, só fiquei realmente bem depois que conversamos sobre isso. Eu expliquei meus motivos. E... conforme o tempo está passando, acho que o Daryl está começando a me entender melhor. -Daryl... seu parceiro...-por um momento a mente de Judy se atentou a outro assunto-era o policial humano que estava com você naquele dia? -Ele mesmo-Nick confirmou. -Ele foi gentil comigo-lembrou-se Judy-muito diferente da maioria dos policiais. -Ele está começando a mudar, como eu disse-constatou Nick mais uma vez-Mesmo que não queira admitir. -Mas sabe, pelo menos, ele está mudando, o que já é um começo, e um tanto promissor, você pode começar a ter um pouco de-Judy comentou. -Esperança-Nick respondeu logo depois. -Era o que eu estava pensando-ela concordou-talvez deveria ver a minha situação assim também. Acho que já estou melhor para voltar pra casa, desculpe de novo por incomodá-lo. -Não, não é incômodo nenhum-Nick assegurou-sério, confie em mim. Aliás se não estivesse com pressa, a convidaria pata ir comigo até a casa da minha amiga. -Na verdade, isso soou como um convite-Judy percebeu mas viu que Nick não falou por mal-eu não sei se deveria aceitar... -Venha, por favor-ele insistiu. -Está bem Nick-ela já confiava nele o suficiente para ir com ele onde quer que ele a levasse.[Chapter 11] Judy esperava que o lugar onde Tikka morava seria mais sofisticado e chique por ficar na cidade dos Elfos, mas a simplicidade do lugar ajudou a orc a se sentir menos apreensiva em conhecer a elfa. Juntos, Nick e Judy subiram o prédio e se dirigiram ao apartamento da amiga dele. Ele tocou a campainha e esperou. Tikka deu um pulo do sofá, se desconcentrando do programa que estava assistindo na TV. Ela estranhou a demora da chegada de Nick, e ao ouvir alguém à sua porta, imaginou que só poderia ser ele, por isso correu para atender. -Oi Nick - a jovem elfa sorriu ao abrir a porta - pensei que não vinha mais? Oh, trouxe mais alguém! Seria a Judy? -Ah... - Judy esboçou surpresa, sentindo-se meio constrangida porque Tikka já a conhecia de alguma forma, NIck devia ter contado sobre ela. -Essa é Judy Snow - Nick se interpôs entre elas para evitar o constrangimento - Judy, essa é minha amiga Tikka. -Então você é Judy? - a elfa apertou sua mão - muito prazer em conhecê-la, entre por favor. A pobre convidada inusitada estava mortificada de vergonha, mas engoliu o forte sentimento e seguiu Tikka apartamento adentro. Judy se apegou à simpatia da anfitriã para aceitar o convite. Nick deixou que Judy entrasse primeiro, e Tikka indicou à orc um lugar especial no sofá para se sentar. -Obrigada-Judy agradeceu e aceitou a cortesia-você disse que Nick te falou de mim, mas ele me contou um pouco de você, quer dizer, acabou de contar. -É, somos amigos há um tempo, devido... circunstâncias complicadas-a elfa escolheu bem as palavras. -Mas apesar de tudo continuamos amigos-Nick ponderou com um sorriso. -Imagino que tenha sido algo muito complicado mesmo-comentou Judy-e conseguiram superar o que passaram? -Bastante, mas não completamente-de repente Tikka pareceu sábia apesar de jovem-você aprende a lidar com isso, com o tempo. -É, acho que o tempo cura tudo mesmo-Judy teve que concordar, um pouco comovida. Toda a lembrança do acidente ainda doía e a enchia de medo. Mas apesar dos pesares, ela ainda estava ali. -Estão com fome? Posso pedir uma pizza!-ofereceu Tikka tentando aliviar o clima pesado. -Ah, não, não - se constrangeu Judy - você nem estava esperando por mim e agora estou aqui te dando despesa. -Judy, você é amiga do Nick, e portanto minha amiga também, e meus amigos não me dão trabalho-Tikka resolveu. -Exceto Ward-Nick murmurou, o que fez a elfa rir. Aquilo ajudou Judy a se sentir mais confortável. -Eu aceito se me deixarem recompensar um outro dia-ofereceu a convidada. -Fechado - Tikka aceitou e saiu para ligar pedindo a pizza. -Ela é muito legal-reforçou Judy a Nick. -É sim, tenho sorte de ter boas amigas, isso inclui você-assegurou Nick. Agora Judy finalmente se sentia bem. Esperaram a pizza chegar depois que Tikka ligou para a pizzaria, e a elfa se juntou aos orcs; -Então você é professora? - perguntou ela a Judy - Nick me disse, e você leciona o que? -História - Judy estava contente sobre o que saber conversar - era uma das minhas matérias favoritas na escola e, foi por isso que quis estudar história. Além disso, nunca focavam muito na história dos orcs na escola, quer dizer, somos mais que o povo que se aliou ao Lorde das Trevas. Até mesmo na nossa escola tínhamos um certo receio de falar de Jirak. -Ele é o seu grande herói não é? - a elfa mostrou um pouco de simpatia pela situação. -É sim - a professora confirmou - mesmo que esqueçam dele, nós não esquecemos, ele continua sendo um exemplo pra nós. -Você pode não acreditar, mas sei sobre o que está falando - a jovem elfa soou um pouco triste - elfos são privilegiados, mas eu me sinto justamente o contrário. Porque eu queria uma vida simples, normal... ainda não consegui eu acho, mas Nick e Daryl tem me ajudado. -Eu espero ter ajudado um pouco nisso - Judy desejou - vocês tem feito muito por mim. -Não há de que - Tikka sorriu. -Não sei bem o que fiz de diferente, mas de nada - Nick soou um pouco tímido, mas sincero. -O pouco que fez significa muito pra mim - a orc esclareceu - como insistir pra eu vir aqui. -Ah sim - Nick entendeu. O trio sorriu junto e a pizza chegou naquele momento. Ao jantarem, continuaram felizes por estarem na companhia um do outro.[Chapter 12] Antes que ficasse muito tarde, Nick se despediu de Tikka e Judy concordou que já estava na hora de ir também. -Volte sempre que você quiser - a elfa disse a orc - nem precisa esperar o Nick te trazer, vou ficar muito feliz se vir me visitar de novo. -É sério ? - Judy se surpreendeu ao ver que Tikka tinha gostado tanto dela. -É claro - a elfa deu outro sorriso entusiasmado. -Bom, sendo assim, eu venho, quando puder - resolveu a professora - obrigada por tudo, tchau. -Tchau - Tikka acenou - nos vemos amanhã à noite, Nick? -Sim, pode esperar por mim - recomendou o policial - se acontecer algum imprevisto, te aviso. -Certo, então até amanhã! - disse Tikka por fim e os orcs tomaram seu caminho de volta pra casa. -Eu nem sei como te agradecer por ter me trazido com você - Judy, agora se sentindo mais à vontade começou a conversar - e olha que eu nem queria vir, porque achei que ia te incomodar... -Não, não, de maneira nenhuma - Nick balançou a cabeça - eu fiquei muito feliz por você ter vindo, quer dizer... Gostei, gostei de você ter vindo. -E eu também - Judy sorriu - vou vir mais vezes. Faltando poucos dias para que Judy voltasse a dar aulas e todos os alunos voltassem à sua rotina, a professora conseguiu se acalmar e lidar melhor com o atentado. O cuidado e a atenção que Nick teve com ela foi o que a fez se sentir melhor, a começar a pensar que, mesmo que houvesse violência no mundo, ela não deveria deixar isso impedi-la de trabalhar, de fazer seu melhor para que seus alunos crescessem com esperança. Ao passar pelos corredores da escola, Judy percebeu o quanto tinha sentido falta do lugar. Andou até a sala dos professores, conferiu seu armário, todos os livros que se lembrava ter deixado guardados ainda estavam lá. Pegou o que usaria para dar aulas naquele dia e foi para sua sala de aula. Pouco antes de entrar, diminuiu seus passos e parou um pouco. Respirou fundo, antes de abrir a porta, lembrando-se de ser forte por seus alunos. Judy então entrou, e, para sua surpresa, foi recebida com muitos \"Srta. Snow!\" animados e até mesmo abraços dos alunos mais carinhosos. -Ah, também senti falta de vocês... - Judy murmurou e riu, então depois reorganizou a turma para dar início a aula. Quando ela começou a retomar a última matéria que eles tinham visto, parecia estranho estar ali de volta, explicando as coisas, mas aos poucos, foi ficando feliz ao falar, percebeu o quanto tinha sentido falta disso, e como ainda levava jeito para ser professora. O sino que indicava que sua aula tinha acabado, bateu antes que ela pudesse iniciar o novo capítulo do livro didático, e, assim, ela retornou à sala dos professores. No seu tempo de intervalo e restante do dia, reorganizaria seus planos de aula e para o resto do semestre. Os outros professores lhe deram um oi ríspido ou desinteressado por educação, mas mesmo com essa indiferença que ela já estava acostumada, Judy percebia que os outros professores também estavam sentindo o peso das lembranças do atentado. A srta. Snow se concentrou no trabalho pelo resto do dia, e ao findar dele, o julgou como produtivo, saindo da escola levemente contente. Mas ver quem a esperava, no carro da polícia e tudo mais, a surpreendeu. Nick só podia estar ali por causa dela. -NIck, oi, desculpa eu perguntar, mas o que tá fazendo? - Judy se sentiu sem graça, mas mesmo assim conseguiu fazer a pergunta. -Eu não queria deixar você ir sozinha pra casa, então... - o policial parou um pouco, também nervoso como a professora - vim te dar uma carona. -Mas no carro da polícia? - Judy continuou - não acha meio exagerado? Eu sei que você é policial mas... desculpa Nick, eu devia era estar agradecendo, então, muito obrigada pela carona. -Quer dizer que vai aceitar ou não? - Jakoby ficou confuso. -Sim, sim, eu vou, não tem como eu dizer não - Judy acabou sorrindo e entrando no carro. -Sabe... - Nick disse um tempo depois - eu pensei que seria mais seguro ir embora no carro da polícia e na companhia de um policial. -É bondade sua Nick - ela sorriu - e eu acho que está certo, obrigada pelo seu esforço. Não tinha como Judy ficar irritada ou incomodada por muito tempo com os cavalheirismos de Nick, apesar dos exageros. Ela sabia que as intenções dele eram as melhores possíveis. Eles levaram o resto do trajeto ouvindo a rádio orc, mesmo que Judy, sendo uma orc, não gostava de todas as músicas que seu povo produzia. -E aqui nos despedimos - disse Judy ao chegarem em frente à sua casa - não sei como te agradecer Nick. -Acho que eu sei - ele hesitou, mas decidiu ir em frente - deixa eu fazer isso, todo dia? -Hã... - a professora se sentiu tão lisonjeada que não sabia como reagir. -Se disser não, tudo bem, eu entendo, eu... não queria - Nick olhou pra baixo frustrado. -É que ninguém se preocupou tanto comigo como você - a professora confessou - digo, fora os meus pais, eu gosto muito de você NIck, e vai ser um prazer ter sua companhia todo dia. -Ah que bom! - o policial chegou a rir de alegria - então, nos vemos amanhã? -Te espero na saída da escola - ela deu um sorriso e desceu do carro - sem falta oficial Jakoby. -Entendido Prof. Snow - ele sorriu de volta, acenou, e dirigiu rumo à sua noite de trabalho. Ambos compartilhavam do mesmo sentimento de alegria e felicidade por terem um ao outro como amigo. ","Summary":" Era só mais um dia de trabalho para Judy Snow naquela manhã. Trabalho o qual ela era muito grata po"},{"Movie":"The Prophecy","Title":"Prophecy Bound","Author":"butterfly-pieces","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8606759","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: I have no right over the Prophecy franchise, the movies, the characters and whatnot. Nor am I versed in the mythology of the movies as a whole. Author's Note: The following fanfic is a prequel to \" Second Chances \" (soon to be uploaded into ). It takes place after \" The Prophecy: Uprising \", connecting itself to the next installment \" The Prophecy: Forsaken \", then some bits happen during the timeline within that movie and, finally, after the movie concluded. Just like the sequel, it might read a little strange because I never meant for it to be a full-fledged fanfic. I'd been given random prompts and said prompts gave birth to short pieces which, then, I realized, connected themselves to each other and gave birth to a whole idea. I'll start each chapter with the prompt that inspired it, to kind of give you an idea of where it came from. Whether the idea is seamed perfectly, I'm not quite sure, but here it is. Or, here it will be :-)[Chapter 2] \" Of all the gin joints in all the towns in all the world, she walks into mine. \" (Casablanca, 1942) Chapter 1. A Peculiar Platter John has lived a very, very , long life – if you can call damned to rule the underworld a form of living. It was a suitable punishment, he has to admit, considering he had wanted to rule something much greater – to stand on equal grounds, so to speak – but his Father had seen it best to give him exactly what he had wanted, just not how he had wanted it. The irony, in many ways, is not lost to him. He, however, has used it as an opportunity to exert what power he does have by making life on earth a little more interesting-and death? Well, even more so for some. But, somehow, after so long, it's his turn to have something interesting served to him on a rather peculiar platter. Allison is not an ordinary mortal – not really – as a nephalim, she has certain attributes that set her apart, but she's not the first offspring from an angel and a mortal. He's seen many of her kind, tools used in the game of creatures greater than they, so there's very little that should interest him other than the purpose they are meant to serve. Somehow, Allison has stepped into her role as more than just a tool. She is the sole survivor of a delectable tragedy now that her brother is dead, but even so, many mortals have survived far worse with outstanding grace – some have even risen to power but, as many know, power comes with greed and pride, most of which are his domain. But Allison...she can walk into the darkest land – hell on earth, as he put it – and still remain...untouched. She is by no means a saint – that would be too much fun to tamper with – but her will stays strong throughout. She doesn't have the strength that he's accustomed to – the kind that brings people to his door with a gift bow on their forehead nor the kind that takes the veil and pretends to ignore his existence. She's accepted the Lexicon, she met her long, lost brother – and shot him – she has faced the reality of angels, of demons and him. Most mortals have gone mad at the sight of the things she's seen, let alone the truth of it all – most mortals would either go for incredibly devout to the cause or, his personal favorite, flee from their chosen path and self-destruct. If she had been any other mortal with no need to ever cross his path, he never would've noticed her, but now it is too late. She is in this game – his game – and worst of all, she wants to play. Such an idea would normally make him smile – the possibility of a diversion on earth is often rare for him – but Allison is not your average monkey. Not to him. She goes on about her life normally, she does very little to attract attention and, yet, he watches her, constantly, telling himself it's about the book and how she's the one who will keep it away from them, fulfilling a very important purpose. The purpose of both heaven and hell – one he, himself, looks forward to immensely. And yet, why does he feel like he's met a fork in the road? After such a long existence, one goal firm in mind, one boring mortal walks onto his path, being chased by death, protecting a book she – then – knew nothing about and she throws the possibility of another desire in his mind. One he cannot entertain, he tells himself. He will not.[Chapter 3] \" Have you ever danced with the Devil in the pale moonlight? \" (Batman, 1989) Chapter 2. The Light through The Dark It's hard to understand life after the Lexicon; life after her brother's death – someone she knew for only minutes before she had to kill him, to kill Belial – life after being hunted by memories, by pieces of heaven and hell, after knowing the Devil himself and fearing him less than the world around her. And that's the thing. The Lexicon makes the world – the real world – terrifying and alien. How would you feel if you knew that, in your hands, were the secrets of the end of life itself and the prophecies that would wipe the world clean? She can't sleep without waking up from nightmares on most nights. Eating doesn't come easy, either, as half the time she doesn't have an appetite. So, when a guy from church asks her out to dinner, it's almost comical when she says yes. She's not sure why she said yes – because there had been people around them, because one of the old ladies smiled sweetly between them or because he's been, generally, a very sweet guy. But, on the night of the date, the reason hits her like a ton of bricks – Alan looks like John, sort of. They would never be identified as twins but the resemblance remains. His eyes are a darker shade of brown, less of a mystery, whereas John's eyes are an amber-like brown with a hint of green. His smile is carefree and gentle, it doesn't scare her, whereas John terrifies her and she can't remember if she's ever seen him smile. Alan is taller, John is shorter by a small margin, and they both have similar builds, with messy, raven hair, except Alan's curls are wilder while John's fall neatly around his face, like a halo, which is funny when you think about it. They're different kinds of people – is John even a person? – but he reminds her of John, somehow, and it's a dangerous thought that shouldn't linger...especially once she considers how it might've affected her choice to say \"yes\". \"You seem preoccupied,\" the man in front of her is patient and looks almost as nervous as she feels – though, she suspects, hers are entirely different reasons. \"Sorry,\" she feels her cheeks flush and wants to kick herself, hard. She never should've agreed to it. But Alan is sweet and so unlike John – personally, at least – then why is she still thinking about him, comparing Alan to him? She tries to change the subject back to Alan, targeting the last thing she remembers from his side of the conversation. \"So, what happened after your friends took the keys?\" He smiles, continuing his story, and Allison pretends to be absorbed in it. She pretends . She pretends that she fits in the romantic setting the restaurant gives out – soft lighting, piano player, a woman with an ethereal voice and dinner plates with small portions but quite the decorative display on them. She thinks about the dancing – she's always wanted to dance – but Alan, sweet as he may be, seems mostly interested in speaking about himself. An hour into the meal, she realizes...she shouldn't have even tried. Her mind can't even participate in the mundane act of a \"date\" without thinking of shadows, of death, of the Lexicon, of seeing herself die, of him . When they step out, she tells him she's going to walk home – after everything she's been through, walking home at night is the least fearful thing she could do. Alan lets her, with a frown, probably sensing the same thing she has – she's not built for this and she's been far away into her own mind, half-listening to him, saying very little about herself. She's grateful for the full moon tonight, as it illuminates more than the street lights can, and it makes the walk home feel less lonely for her, which is ridiculous, she knows, but she takes a small comfort in it. The walk up the stairs is a heavy one. Every step has a rush of cold air, a gunshot, her mother's screams – which she remembers better now thanks to John – and the scar of her skin stinging from the memory of the glass cutting through her cheek. She realizes she's operating on automatic; walking up the stairs, pulling out her keys from her purse, opening the door, taking off her jacket, pulling the chopsticks from her hair, letting it loose, until she pauses by the mirror. She had left the curtains drawn, shedding a natural light in her room which makes her skin look white, her gray dress a dark shade of blue now and her lips a dark shade of violet instead of red. She doesn't remember life before this – before the Lexicon. She did have a life. She had a small job at the church, she had been too awkward to retain the interest of most friends – too broken – and relationships with men were often brief and painful, but not unbearable. Whatever is looking at her reflection is something different, something new, yet feels like it's been there forever. She feels a chill run across her spine and she grinds her teeth until it recedes. She rubs her arms, trying to shake it off, and walks towards the balcony, hoping some air might clear her mind better. There's a dark figure standing under the street lamp. For a second, she wonders if Alan followed her home – they do look alike, in the distance – but the truth is worse. She knows that coat, that solemn gaze – she knows him . She doesn't know how long she stands there staring at him – has he been there all along? – but she makes the decision to move away from the balcony doors, though she hadn't meant to go down the stairs and out the building to greet him. He's on the opposite sidewalk and she doesn't move to cross the street. A desolate mood covers the street like a blanket, but the cold it emits feels like it's more likely to drown her than cover her. She shudders again and it reminds her of the earlier chill – had it been him? She wouldn't be surprised. When it's obvious he can stand there all night just watching her while she's trying not to freeze, she speaks first, \"What are you doing here, John?\" \"How was your date?\" His face betrays nothing, neither does his voice, but those words coming out of his mouth nearly makes her fall over. She blinks, the question of jealousy resounding in her mind, but she's not crazy enough to voice it out loud. \"Were you watching me?\" \"I am watchful of many things, Allison. You are merely one of them.\" The smile is small, turning just at the corner of his lips, but it changes his eyes entirely; predatory and completely in control. It makes every nerve ending on her skin stand and nudge her to flee, but she doesn't. \"Are you changing job descriptions now?\" Off his quirked brow, she lifts her chin, mustering some form of boldness. \"Guardian angel versus fallen angel?\" The way his smile moves every line on his face makes her blink and, in that moment, he's no longer there. When she steps back in surprise – trying to assess her surroundings – she bumps into him and before she can force herself to turn to face him, his hands grab her arms, keeping her still and his breath touches her ear. She freezes. \"Had I wanted to protect you, Allison, I wouldn't have let you keep the book,\" each word makes her heartbeat stutter and she swallows, hard, trying to keep herself upright and away from his chest, though she cannot control the proximity. \"What do you want from me?\" She's trying to figure out how to move away from his grasp, but his hands are still tight on her arms and he is not giving her a choice – he's not moving, either. \"That boy...\" She snorts at his choice of words. To him, Alan would be a boy. \"Does he remind you of anyone?\" She gasps, mouth shut, holding her breath once it reaches its peak and his chuckle touches her back. \"Interesting,\" he adds and his hands begin to move, caressing his way down to her elbow before removing his hands and placing them on her waist. His hands are slithering across her stomach and she has to exhale – it's either that or die of asphyxiation – but more than that, she surrenders, leaning back with her head on his shoulder and closing her eyes. If this is a dream – another nightmare – she doesn't want to look at his face. She knows it'll be the last thing she remembers when she wakes up. Her body responds, lets him caress her skin through the fabric of her dress and even though there is fabric between them, she feels her skin burn – even her insides are burning with the combination of need and fear. \"Open your eyes,\" he whispers the order so close to her ear, her eyes flutter in response to the intimacy but they open. Above them is the moon, full and bright, but she won't look at him. She focuses on that instead. \"Do you desire me, Allison?\" She doesn't answer – she doubts she has to. \"Do you know what happens to those who desire me?\" She swallows. That she can find words to, \"I can guess.\" \"Yes, you can.\" As if on cue, a cloud covers the moon, thick and dark, but the light shines through it like a holy battle of light versus dark. She wonders if that's what she is to him – a moon trying to shine her way through the dark, but even then, the cloud never lingers for long. She staggers, almost falling back, when he moves away, but she recovers and glares at him when he simply stands aside, watching her. She sighs, her cheeks flushed, other parts of her body equally affected, but she can't be the one to admit it out loud. \"Alan is nothing like you.\" It's not exactly what she wants to say but he did ask, a while ago. \"I know,\" he answers, too quickly, and his face is blank. Irritation colors her cheek, \"He's a good man.\" His lips turn, a slight smile, \"You would think that.\" \"You know what I also think?\" Hand on her hip, sexual frustration reaching its peak along with everything else. \"You want me. And you can pretend I'm just a means to an end, someone to watch over the book while heaven and earth collide, but I'm not, am I? I'm the one person that knows who you are and hasn't run screaming.\" He walks toward her until their chests are touching and her words doesn't seem to affect him at all but, his words, as always, say more, \"I can smell your fear.\" Her voice quakes, \"I never said I wasn't scared.\" Her voice is small, but she doesn't stop, \"I just said I'm not running.\" \"No, you're not.\" She thinks he's going to finish that by pressing his finger on her scar again – by bringing every memory she's ever run from to light – but he doesn't. Instead, his lips touch hers and, for one moment, she feels like she's burning inside out and, even though that's a sure sign that she should stop, she doesn't. It's not until the cold from the empty space around her hits her that she realizes he's gone and he's taken the fire with him. She curses herself, even as the tears start streaming, because this thing she has with him – an unspoken understanding, a twisted allegiance, an emotion without a name – it's a dance she can't continue. Not when the darkness will one day consume her and, then, what light will she have to give?[Chapter 4] \" I'm battle-scarred, I am working oh so hard to get back to who I used to be. \" (Near To You - A Fine) Chapter 3. The Scars that Lie Beneath When Allison wakes up in the hospital, she cries , like an idiot, because for a moment, she thought it was over. The pages being scattered, the gunshot, the fall and Simon . She'd been hearing him all her life and finally seeing him, to her, gave her what she needed to feel validated, to feel a little less crazy than what she sometimes thought she was. Now? There are no voices, just the beeping sound from the machine, needles piercing her skin and a soreness covering every inch of her body. She may not be easy to kill, but she can still hurt – she hurts everywhere . It takes a couple of weeks before she's released. Her brother visits her once – he would've stayed longer, but he has a family of his own – and her mother also visits, her father absent – they've been separated for years, but they refuse to discuss things like that in front of her, fearing it might trigger her schizophrenia. She doesn't tell them she knows she's adopted – in a way, she's always known, even before Dani – but part of her wonders if they ever thought she'd find the truth on her own. They've always treated her like such a fragile thing when, in truth, she's been stronger than even she expected herself to be; she survived Stark's form of torture and balcony view into hell. It's now that she feels weak – depleted – and lost. Allison feels relieved once they stop treating her like an invalid and finds it ironic when they make a comment on how weird she's acting when, for the first time, there are no voices. It's all a memory now – it's over – and yet, why does she feel like she aches for the voices, for the past, for the purpose she used to have? She thinks of Simon during the day – wonders if he's watching over her still – and thinks of John at night, before bed, looking for him in the shadows, but he never shows. Why should he? He got what he wanted and there's really nothing else to bother with – nothing he would want from her. It doesn't stop her from looking. She continues to work with the church – they're always welcoming – and every day is routine. It's a complete change from what her life was like a month ago. And yet, her mind carries out the same tune. There are no voices to complete the symphony, but the melody remains, needing just one instrument to keep it alive. A memory. It wouldn't be long before another instrument joined in – her dreams – and, then, she would wish for the voices instead. All her dreams would revolve around John – terrifying dreams – and in those dreams, who she is and was has no importance. The only thing that would matter is who he wanted her to be and that, to her, is more terrifying than being hunted by an army of angels.[Chapter 5] dreams Chapter 4. Dreams of Damnation The days pass by too slowly for Allison – uneventful – and part of her is losing her mind over it but a greater part of it is clinging to the only time when she feels sane . When the day ends and she has to face the night, to sleep, she shudders knowing full well what awaits her. She dreams of everything; a constant reminder that, while the past may be the past, it isn't over yet. Something is coming. She's not sure what – Simon's not been very forthcoming these days and she hears nothing from him. She doesn't hear from John, either. But part of her senses him or maybe she just wants to believe he's the only one still watching her. Her ache translates into images through her subconsciousness and she dreams . In her dream, she's often walking into his little building of hell – where her parents died – his version of a mausoleum except, it's not dark or full of ghosts then. It looks like what it used to be, memories from a time that she couldn't possibly remember. There's no one there, but evidence of life remains; empty chairs, desks covered in paperwork, maps laid out, coffee cups still full and steaming. A series of flashes reveal blood on the walls, screaming, gunshots and Allison fights to cover her ears but there's someone restraining her arms behind her, her wrists locked in a firm grip. When it stops, she's turns around to face her captor, and it's John, wearing a suit that makes him look even more soulless and a pair of shades that hides his gaze from her. In an act of inexplicable bravery, she reaches up to remove the shades, hands shaking and once they're off him – he doesn't stop her – she lets them fall from her hand, and the sound that had meant to be nothing but the sound of plastic hitting tiles sounds like lightning breaking a rock in half. He pulls her against him, his cheek against hers, and her hands are on his shoulder, her grip tightening when she feels his nose touching her neck. He's breathing her in and she finds she can't breathe. \"Stop,\" she gasps, her voice sounding distorted and alien to her own ears. He pulls back but he's still holding on to her, his arms possessively locked around her waist. His eyes are black now and she feels terrified of him, now more than ever, but the fear is accompanied by something else – something very wrong. \"Allison,\" he whispers her name until the fire in her belly is all she feels and she has to close her eyes, but she doesn't stop seeing. Somehow, she knows they're moving, gravitating onto the floor, even though neither of them is making an attempt to lie down. She can feel her back on the floor, she can see blood pooling around them, pulsating on the wall. She can see him watching her like a hungry man and his arms are still around her waist, but it doesn't feel like they're trapped between her and the floor – it almost feels like there is no floor. When she opens her eyes, finally, he's too close, and she should be screaming – crying – and trying to run, but she isn't. Something about John has always drawn her in. Maybe her family had been right – she is crazy, too crazy, finding normalcy in the voices, the war amongst angels, the impending battle between heaven and hell, that she has now chosen to fall in love with the worst angel of all. The one who fell from God's grace. And now she's falling with him. It's in that dream she realizes, when she pulls him for a kiss, that she's fallen for him. As the blood finally touches her – touches them both – the fire consumes her, threatens to unmake and transform her. Clothes disappear by will alone and his skin is fire, his kiss, his touch, his gaze, the way his teeth graze her skin – everything about John is hellfire, the purest form of pleasure and pain, and she wants to laugh, to cry, to scream, to simply die, but she can't. She can only burn. That morning she wakes up breathless and wet . She touches her cheeks to see that she had been crying, through her dream, and she touches herself to see if any of the marks he had given her are there. There's no evidence of her dream – nothing to affirm it as a reality – but the taste of him is on her lips, her arousal clearly approving of it while her tears bear a different opinion. She knows these dreams will be far worse for her than the voices were. The voices, at least – Simon – had meant to prepare her for what she had to do – protect the book – but this? She can't imagine what the dreams are trying to prepare her for, other than eternal damnation. She closes her eyes, trying to steady her breathing, knowing full-well that a part of her wants to go back to the dream while another part wants to jump off a building and, this time, not survive. It's not hard to guess which one will win, she knows. With a resigned sigh, she says to herself, \"Eternal damnation, it is.\"[Chapter 6] I do desire we may be better strangers. - William Shakespeare, As You Like It, 3.2 Chapter 5. Troubled Mind She is seeing him everywhere . The hunt for the book is over, the pages are scattered, and yet Lucifer himself fills her thoughts, not only in her sleep, but in her waking hours. She doesn't often walk through the city anymore. Even though the threat of angels has dissipated, somewhat, part of her feels the story hasn't ended. Something else is coming. Something worse . She just doesn't know what it is. It has to do with John. Why else would she be dreaming of him? She needs to believe that – wants to tell herself to believe it – because if that is not the case, if her paranoia is wrong, then she's possibly having fantasies of the devil himself, and she can't justify those feelings. At all. He saved her once, this is true, but for his own selfish reasons – by his own admission – and the next time, he simply moved her, like a pawn, and she had to walk the rest of the way, watched by him, but seemingly unprotected. \"Allison,\" his voice calls her from her thoughts and stops her from crossing the street just in time to stop a collision course with a kid on a bike. Her heart is in her throat as she turns her head to see where his voice was coming from, but all she sees is his back – he's already walking away. She wants to go after him – call after him, maybe, say thank you? She doesn't. She hugs herself tighter and takes a deep breath, knowing better than to follow that path. That door has closed, it should stay closed, and there is no reason for John to be in her life, for any of the angels to be in her life, for the war to crawl under her bedroom door – none at all. But it is – maybe not the war, not yet – but John will never be someone she'll forget...nor someone her mind will ever be free of.[Chapter 7] \" I'm going to make him an offer he can't refuse. \" (The Godfather, 1972) Chapter 6. Can You Keep a Secret? Allison wakes up to the sound of thunder – at least, she thinks that's what it is – except when she sits up, heart in her throat, the night is quiet. Too quiet. There's no rain, no lightning and definitely no thunder, but she felt it – somewhere in her core, she felt the aftershock of a thundering sound. She reaches for the lamp on her bedside table but, before her arm can extend, the light is on and there's someone sitting on the edge of her bed, looking at her with curious eyes. It's not John. His hair is slicked back, his features are haunting and his eyes scare her the most – they're big and probing. Even though she's wearing pajamas and clutching the bedsheets to her chest like a shield, she feels naked – completely at his mercy. She swallows, \"Are you here to kill me?\" A smile tugs at the corner of his lips and his head tilts to each side as if contemplating it before he shrugs, \"No. But, if you would've asked me that question a couple of decades ago, I might've come up with a different answer.\" \"Who are you?\" She knows what he is – it's too obvious. It radiates off him like a pulse – a beam of light – and she knows he is no Stark. Stark had been a Seraph, part of the high hierarchy of angels but what had Dylan said...about which of them were above Seraph...? She searches her memory for the word. Archangels. \"Michael?\" His insulted expression gives her an answer and she swallows, knowing this is not an angel she wants to annoy. \"And the angel came in unto her, and said, Hail, thou that art highly favoured, the Lord is with thee: blessed art thou among women.\" Allison's eyes widen as she presses her hand to her stomach and he quirks a brow, pausing his words, \"You're not that blessed.\" She let out a sigh of relief – although, she knows, if God wanted her to...if she had to...would she? \"Why are you here?\" Gabriel. She knows who he is now. His clever way of testing her intellect had worked, but it doesn't explain what he wants with her. Which side is he on? Does he wants to know who the anti-Christ is or does he want to help her? \"You're going to die, Allison,\" he stands from the bed, hands behind his back, and the look on his face is very...calm. Too calm. \"Do you want me dead, too?\" Right now she doubts that, as in her experience, his kind does not waste time with warnings. He pauses, locking his gaze with hers – she feels chills – before his gaze turns away from her. \"What I want doesn't matter. It's going to happen, soon, and you won't stop it. You've fulfilled your purpose, for now.\" He sighs, continuing his stride. \"You monkeys are very good at that...when you want to be. And you're a very special monkey, aren't you?\" The way his body turns to her makes her wonder if she's going to die right then. He's standing at the foot of her bed, looking very much like a devil and much less like an angel. He could give John a run for his title. \"You did good, Allison. Not great, but good. You haven't surpassed your betters and, probably, never will. But your death...your death might just change the course of the entire war.\" She swallows, eyes shut tight, hand clasped over her heart, where its beating threatens to unmake her – thump, thump, thump. \"What do you want me to do?\" Because that's what it all comes down to – a purpose. When she opens her eyes, she jumps, her back meeting the headboard, because Gabriel is standing right next to her, leaning over her until his eyes look like tunnels and she's being sucked in. \"I'm going to tell you a secret. A very important secret. I'm going to hide it in you. You'll remember everything else, but you'll forget this until you need to remember it. Not a second before, not a second after. Do you understand me?\" She nods, breathless, even though she wants to shake her head because none of this makes sense and she still doesn't know – does it even matter? – if he's someone she should be helping. What does he want from her? What do they need from her now? Faith , she reminds herself. She has to have faith. \"Good.\" And when he takes her face in his hands, she feels like her skull is going to crack open – like he's trying to grind her bones together until there's nothing left – but she doesn't scream. She can't. Allison wakes up to the sound of thunder, but it's not raining and the sunlight is streaming through her balcony. She groans, palm pressed over her forehead as a headache starts to form. Something about last night gnaws at her – something in her head just hurts – and she can't remember what it is. Some part of her doesn't want to.[Chapter 8] \" Your help just hurts, you are not what I thought you were. \" (Love Song, Sara Bareilles) Chapter 7. Unrealistic Desires Allison wakes up – her heart in her throat – with a clear sense that she's not alone. She immediately reaches for the lamp on her bedside table, already clutching the sheets to her chest, when the light reveals her visitor. John's standing at the foot of the bed, his face passive, hands in his pockets and she finds that she can't really talk – doesn't want to look stupid if this ends up being another dream where she talks in her sleep and he gets to use it against her. \"An angel came to see you. Who was it?\" She blinks, surprised that he spoke first. In her dreams, he never does. \"I,\" she closes her mouth, trying to remember something , but it's not there. It's almost like she knows he's onto something but doesn't know exactly what. \"I don't know. Did you see someone?\" His face betrays nothing, \"Angels leave a supernatural trace. This one is over two days old, but still smells fresh. Did you anger any more angels as of late?\" She shakes her head, her eyebrows furrowed, \"I don't think so.\" She's trying to claw at her own memory, until she finds a name, the name. Her eyes widen as she meets his gaze, \"Michael.\" That elicits a reaction. John's eyebrows shoot up and then he smiles, \"Well, considering what his visits usually consist of, I must say, you're quite fortunate.\" \"No,\" she words, struggling with the memory she has just uncovered. Something isn't right, she can sense it, but it's already getting away from her. It's like he said – a trail, not too old, so she can see the footprints left behind, but they're fading, about to be washed away by the tide. Maybe if he had come sooner, she could have tried... \"Allison,\" when he says her name, she realizes she's breathing hard, her hands balled into fists, her nails digging into her skin and he's sitting at the edge next to her, forcing her hands open. It's an unexpected gesture – but not unwelcome. \"What do you see?\" She bites her lip, shaking her head. \"Nothing. I don't see anything. It's like...my mind's blank. I just remember it was something important – he was something important. But what would an archangel want with me?\" \"He probably wanted to congratulate you,\" John's tone is far from congratulatory. She knows when she's being made fun of. \"It's not every day that a half-monkey succeeds where His angels failed. Well, there was one other time.\" \"Still doesn't explain why I can't remember it,\" she mutters, trying to pretend he's not getting under her skin – he always does. \"No, you're right. It doesn't.\" His study of her always makes her uncomfortable but, in a way, she likes this – likes him being this close, in her life, making her feel...like she has a purpose again. \"Allison,\" he words her name like a caress, \"would you like me to congratulate you? I promise to let you remember it.\" Her heart skips a beat, her mouth half open, and she's about to say something unbelievably stupid – something along the lines of please – when he's touching her lower lip, tracing the line with his finger, and he speaks first, \"Well done, Allison.\" She's leaning into his touch, but when she blinks, he's no longer there, instead he's standing next to her balcony, hands in his pocket, as if he has always been there and she had just imagined the last few minutes. \"You should sleep now, Allison,\" he says, smiling, \"insomnia will play tricks with your mind.\" She narrows her eyes, \"Don't you mean you'll be the one playing the tricks?\" His smirk warns her not to play this game with him – his game – but she's not sure she can stop. \"I don't play tricks, Allison. They're far too simple to trouble myself with. Besides, it's far more entertaining to see the tricks playing themselves out. Sweet dreams.\" When he disappears, she wishes she had thrown something at him. In the end, what frustrates her more is that he kept his promise – it's not a congratulations she's likely to forget – and it leaves her wanting something more . Something she can never have – something he'll never be.[Chapter 9] You're too late. Chapter 8. An Unwanted Truth John hasn't seen Michael in a very long, long , long time. Truthfully, the last thing John saw of Michael was just before the archangel had attempted to plunge his sanctimonious sword into John's chest – Lucifer's – but he had moved just in time and then the war was lost. Another war is coming, John knows, one he doesn't intend to lose, but more than that, they're keeping secrets from him – inside Allison. He's used to knowing every little detail – monkeys are usually used as incubators for prophecies, easily retrieved from the weak – but with Allison, that's not an option. Whomever did it knew exactly what he was doing – did it very well, in fact – and hid it from Allison herself. Michael . He hasn't been in this part of the world in a while – he's not partial to it – but Michael and his angels frequent it. He's not allowed to enter, of course, but Michael knows he's waiting – they all do. John looks fondly at the apple tree – it reminds him of a rather pleasant memory. \"Lucifer,\" Michael acknowledges him and John doesn't meet his eyes, not right away, taking his time to gaze at the visual victory, letting Michael notice. \"I don't believe you're here to offer your services as our gardener.\" \"May I? I remember doing quite well the first time.\" Off Michael's narrowed gaze, he adds, \"How is Eve?\" Michael evades his question – such matters are kept hidden from him, such as souls he will never again be allowed to touch. \"I heard of your little assistance to Simon's chosen. You could've done worse. Congratulations.\" John pretends that it doesn't bother him – the idea that Michael has, in his own way, treated John like a dog by patting his head with his words. He shrugs, smiling, \"It met my interests at the time.\" \"Of course. And now?\" Michael sounds far more interested than he should be. \"You tell me. I heard you paid her a visit,\" he studies every expression on Michael's face before the archangel can answer, but John senses no recognition. \"You heard wrong.\" Michael's answer is simple and very much like him. Michael's not gifted with details. \"She remembers your name.\" John tries to bait him – to find something . \"As do many of them.\" His face finally shows an expression other than the one many angels have conquered, which is usually quiet indifference. This one expression shows curiosity. \"I'll make you an offer, Lucifer.\" \"This should be interesting,\" John interrupts, but waits, gazing behind Michael to see that more angels have showed, listening. He imagines Michael's question will be one shared by many others. \"Answer my question truthfully and I might answer yours. Why are you troubling yourself with this particular nephalim?\" John doesn't answer. Michael continues, \"She has fulfilled her purpose – the one that, I'll allow myself to believe for one moment, met your interests. What is her life to you now?\" \"Nothing,\" he lies, and only he can lie so well, he knows. \"But clearly, she is something to you, or else you wouldn't be wasting time binding a memory she can't remember. What interests you, might interest me.\" \"Hmm.\" Michael doesn't call him out on his lie – as it is not a lie, not really – but his smile tells John that maybe he revealed something. Lightning illuminates the sky and John notes that the clouds practically came out of nowhere – he doesn't remember them being there at all. \"You're too late,\" Michael gazes at the sky and when he meets his eyes, John can almost sense the pity in them. \"Only one of us will learn a truth tonight, perhaps not the one we're seeking.\" John doesn't ask what that's supposed to mean – he's Lucifer, the Prince of Darkness, the first of the Fallen. He doesn't ask. He demands but he knows any further attempts will sound like begging and he does not beg . He has to save face and demonstrate no further interest in Allison. He watches Michael turn around, but John doesn't make a move to leave. He's not done. \"This war belong to me, Michael. Next I see you, you'll find yourself absent a sword.\" Michael has his hand on the gate, his head turned slightly, his smile only half visible. \"Next I see you, Lucifer, you'll find yourself absent words.\" When he leaves, John looks at the sky and senses something isn't right. The lightning – the thunder – it almost makes him feel like he's being laughed at. It wouldn't be until he returns to his realm that he learns what Michael meant – what some of what he said meant. Allison is dead.[Chapter 10] \"I want a life that is mine!\" (Memoirs of a Geisha, 2005) Chapter 9. When Unseen Chains Break Stark lost and little Mikael Paun lives to breathe another day. John keeps his distance, hearing the sirens get closer and knowing that, anytime now, Allison will recover from her wounds and her survival will be a miracle – to them – and an insult to some. Angels, in spite of their holy status, are not impervious to sin – pride can be a very dangerous thing, even to the best of God's creatures. But he can't command himself to care. His job here is done – he has guaranteed himself the end of the world. And yet, he doesn't move – doesn't leave – until the paramedics take her from the scene. John has no reason for existing now – Lucifer is his name, what he is called, by his brothers – and he avoids going to the surface unless it's to torture another monk who thinks he's too close to God to feel doubt. They're his favorites. And, sometimes, he sneaks a peek at Allison, seeing as her life hasn't changed, still very much the same, but she seems to be waiting for something – for him . She still strolls down the park, without purpose, but he never follows her for long. There are other matters that require his attention – war, famine, the usual – and Allison has no place in them. His life has no place for her. He killed one of his men today – the true death, beyond the damned, the destruction of a soul – and hell's fire rose until even the earth felt the anger threaten to burst through its crust. Allison is dead – Stark, apparently, had been more unforgiving than John thought – and even though John had accepted that his life could not have her in it, he always kept an eye on her. Or someone's eyes. His man had failed. He remembers the demon's words before he tore his heart from him, \"Lucifer, she is not one of us. She's of them. She's not important!\" And in the midst of his pleas, his words broke from his mind – words he had buried deep, hidden from himself, \"She. Was. Mine!\" It was in that moment of loss that he realized...he had never claimed Allison as his, but he could have. She wouldn't have resisted – wouldn't have been able to. She had been the one human who piqued his curiosity – who wanted him, in spite of everything she knew, simply because of a feeling . He often mocked humans for such feelings, but sensing the genuine care of hers – now gone – made him entertain the thought of one day owning a new life, one where he could receive her misguided affections and return them, without damaging his reputation, of course. He goes to her apartment that night. The room still looks as if expecting her to return. He gazes at the bed and remembers watching her sleep – watching her dream of him. She always amused him, how she would feel things and then pretend she had no feelings at all, until he provoked her and then the layers she put up to hide herself from him would disintegrate. She had wanted him – she longed for him. \"Is that a smile I see, Lucifer?\" John doesn't blink, keeping his hands in his pockets. \"Gabriel. You look well.\" He's not looking at the angel, so the assessment is as empty as the sentiment. \"Oh, you know, after you threw me out of hell, I did a little more trouble, but God, in all His mercy, took me back...after I did Him a favor or two,\" Gabriel's voice, as always, annoys him. How the man could ooze sarcasm and devotion in one sentence, he would never understand. \"Sounds like Him. Have you come to beg me to take you back?\" John sees him from the corner of his eye, looking just as he did the last time they crossed paths – when John was busy eating his heart. \"No,\" Gabriel smiles, \"I've come to watch you mourn. I have to say, I'm impressed.\" His laugh makes John wants to rip out his heart – again – but something stops him. Allison. John ignores Gabriel's behavior – the jokes he's making at his expense – and looks at the empty bed in front of him. \"Is she at peace now?\" That, at least, would grant him some comfort – he doesn't understand why he cares, but he does, and perhaps that's what angers his most of all. The realization of a feeling – one that came too late. \"Not quite.\" Gabriel joins him, standing side-by-side. John quirks a brow, facing him. \"She's not in hell.\" He would've known. He knows all his little inmates – intimately. He feels them inside of him, recoiling in agony and pain. He savors each of them – with every soul delivered to him, he feels them all. \"She's not dead,\" Gabriel states as-a-matter-of-fact. \"She's been reborn.\" John's face remains fairly passive, in spite of everything that just exploded in his mind. Reincarnation is not likely for mos t mortals, let alone a nephilim. The removal of the heart causes certain deaths to be...final, no refund. The idea that Allison's soul was somehow saved and placed in another monkey suit is...difficult to decipher. As always, John doesn't accept things as \"just because\". \"Why?\" Gabriel shrugs, \"I don't question Him anymore. Last time I did, well, you know.\" He tilts his head, studying John, considering his next words, \"I don't know why she's been reborn, Lucifer, but she's alive. And she's not going to be happy about it, either.\" Off John's questioning brow, he continues, \"She's going to remember everything. He wants her to. She's got a role in the grand scheme of things. He needs her to remember.\" Gabriel turns around with a sigh, but his words don't stop there. \"It's too bad the pages got scattered. I'm pretty sure her name would've turned up somewhere. Yours, too, probably.\" John knows the angel is toying with him – and, in a sense, it's working. \"Gabriel.\" That stops him in his tracks, but Gabriel doesn't turn around, standing on the balcony, ready to extend his wings and disappear to a place John cannot follow. \"Why do I feel as if she's going to be used for one of His games?\" John isn't the only one capable of playing games – of moving people as if they were just another piece from a chess board. After all, he learned from the best, and aspired to be the best – one of the many reasons he ended up stuck in the life sentence he's been given. \"Because you were always the smart one, Lucifer. Too smart. That was always your problem. Didn't you read their Bible?\" Gabriel looks over his shoulder, giving John one last smile, \"Ignorance is bliss.\" John watches Gabriel disappear but the anger that begins to form is almost instantaneous. Allison is alive – reborn, with her memories, somewhere he cannot touch her, for now. God needs her – to bring forth the apocalypse? To stop it? To play a part in the final battle? To die as the final sacrifice? He doesn't know. John wants her. Thinking her dead, his anger had been directed at himself – at what he was and all that stopped him from ever entertaining the thought that he could ever have such a life, of being more than what he is. Now, knowing she's alive, he's angry at God – certainly not unfamiliar territory – as he knows whatever purpose this second life will give her, Allison will fulfill it because she is that sort of idiot. She will follow her heart, she will keep her faith and she will fulfill her purpose. He leaves the room, feeling as damned as ever, a feeling he had never once felt at odds with until he met...her. The one who made him question the ownership of his own life – if the devil is free to do as he pleased, why does he feel as if vessel is still chained? Something would have to be done about that...and soon. With her second life, would come his. ","Summary":" Disclaimer: I have no right over the Prophecy franchise, the movies, the characters and whatnot. No"},{"Movie":"The Prophecy","Title":"Zimmer","Author":"Darlene Soze","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8716728","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Author's Note Disclaimer. One. A statement disclaiming responsibility for something. Two. Disavowal. Three. A statement to save one's own ass. Though it will go without saying that five minutes into these proceedings, the writer would like to state that this is, from start to finish, a work of fantasy, not to be taken seriously. This story mainly features Christopher Walken's character Gabriel from the Prophecy. It also features character from other films, but is not necessarily a cross-over story. It was both hard and easy to choose who to include with the amount of movies I have seen. Here's an example of how to look at it. When you hear the name Robin Hood, who do you first think of? Cary Elwes from Men In Tights? The Errol Flynn version? Or the fox from the Walt Disney animated version? That's how I went about in writing this story. When I thought of the characters who would be making cameos, I went with who I thought of first based on their appearance in a particular movie.[Chapter 2] Darlene Briscoe approaches Heaven's Gate and finds it a bit odd as it looks exactly what it was in Bill and Ted's Bogus Journey . \"This has got to be a joke\" she thinks to herself as she walks up three of the four steps. Heaven's gatekeeper stands at a podium with an over sized book open as he checks off names before people enter. \"What is the answer to life, the universe and everything in it?\" he asks her. \"Forty two,\" Darlene responds. He nods and motions with his right have that she may enter. She takes a few steps forward. \"Wait,\" the gatekeeper tells her. Darlene stops and faces him. \"There's been a change\" he informs her. \"It has been written that you are to wait.\" \"Doesn't surprise me,\" she says quietly.[Chapter 3] Darlene enters a waiting room. There is a suspended beat as she takes it in. There are two other doors, one on each side of the room. One reads Heaven, the other reads Hell. She stands alone. She makes her way across the room to the couch. Before she sits, she notices the door she came through. It has no handle and a sign that reads NO EXIT . The door on her left opens as Alan Rickman enters dressed as he was in Dogma . \"Alan?\" Darlene asks, surprised. \"Metatron,\" he replies. \"Okay, is this some sick twisted joke?\" she inquires. \"You only see me as Alan Rickman because your brain associates him with me,\" he explains. \"I'm an amalgam.\" \"Gotcha,\" she says. \"He, is waiting,\" he informs her. Darlene walks over and the two walk through the door as he closes it behind them. The long straight hallway is carpeted with an old stained forest green carpet. The wallpaper shows faded yellow palm trees. The two walk down the hallway. \"So what's the deal here?\" Darlene asks. \"Why was I sent to that waiting room?\" \"You have your doubts,\" he answers. \"Everybody has doubts,\" she says. \"But yours are different,\" he says. \"Your beliefs and doubts lie in different places than most. You don't believe in Him, but you believe in angels.\" \"Him as in God?\" she asks. \"Yes,\" he replies. \"The only proof you need is that you know and with today's ways, you shouldn't have to lose something first.\" \"Death is a loss.\" she says. \"Death gives life value,\" he explains. \"It completes you as a person for a life afterwards. You have been created and defined and are delivered into a new stage of being.\" \"Do you honestly think he ever takes into consideration the people who get left behind?\" she inquires. \"Yes\" he says with a slight smile. \"I'm sure he does.\" \"Okay, if I'm an angel where are my wings?\" she asks. \"When you are given a function here,\" he explains. \"You will then get your wings.\" \"Function, huh?\" she states. \"Seems to come with all the perks.\" \"Do you believe that you are a part of god's plans?\" he asks. \"That's a complicated question,\" she replies. \"No it isn't. Do you think we are all created for a purpose? I'd like to think so.\" \"Yeah, and I keep getting shafted.\" \"Death is inevitable,\" he explains. \"Death is the only absolute in a world of cycles. Death gives life value, makes life scarce and scarcity makes things valuable.\" They reach the chamber doors and stop. \"You are Darlene Briscoe. Nobody can take that away from you, not even God.\"[Chapter 4] The two enter the chambers. \"I'll be with you in a minute,\" a voice calls out. The entire room is white. Several pillars surround the room. Two pillars stand in the center of the room with four large steps between them. On the upper level, there are two tables with several blueprints and folders scattered on them. To the left is a blackboard with what looks like an elaborate mathematical problem. But if one looks closely enough, it could be taken as how the solar system came to be. God comes around the corner and we see that Dolph Lundgren is God. \"Who is this soul?\" God inquires. \"Don't you know? Aren't you God?\" Darlene asks. \"You doubt me?\" God states. \"I seek proof,\" she replies. \"Darlene, you don't ask the almighty for ID,\" Metatron says. \"And you wonder why I don't believe,\" she tells him. \"God can't be judged or his motives questioned,\" he explains. \"God is not a scolding parent, God is an earthquake.\" An angel enters and the face could pass for that of Jerry Orbach. \"Is that,\" Darlene says aghast. \"Yes,\" he replies. Darlene walks over and stares into his eyes. She is speechless. Wanting to say something, but is unable. It smiles and nods. Darlene embraces it. Metatron and God smile and the two being reunited. Darlene restores her composure and turns to face the others. \"Did you ever notice how in the bible,\" she says walking towards them, \"whenever you needed to punish someone, or make an example, or whenever you needed a killing, you sent an angel.\" She stops walking. \"A whole existence spent praising you, but always with one wing dipped in blood.\" \"When was is that you lost your grace?\" God asks. \"When you took him,\" she says pointing to the angel, \"Away from me. I died that day.\" \"Darlene, this is the angel of death you are talking about,\" Metatron says. \"The angel of death can't be a conscientious objector. The angel of death is charged with meeting out whatever justice God demands.\" \"Wake up!\" she shouts at him. \"There hasn't been an angel of Death since Loki quit. I mean, is God willing to prevent evil, but just not able? Then he can't be omnipotent, right? Or is he able but not willing? Then he must be malevolent. Or is he neither able nor willing, in which case why call him God? In fact, you know what? To hell with God.\" God slightly smiles and says, \"The problem with creating things is that they perform much better than one had ever planned.\" Darlene ponders that statement as she lowers her head. The back of her jacket moves. \"This is why you created us,\" she says. \"I can see that now. The created must sometimes protect the creator, even against his will. I now realize why I was created.\" She begins to walk away. \"Now you're beginning to understand,\" God says with a smile. Darlene turns and runs towards him. When she reaches the bottom of the stairs, black wings, larger than any known to man or angel, spread out from her back. Her fingers and teeth grow long and sharp. Her legs grow long and powerful. Her skin is so cold, it burns. When she yells, it is equivalent to the powerful roar of Aslan. She files towards him, then tackles and pins him. \"I have had enough of you Hippocratic oath as have millions of others,\" she tells him. \"Hippocratic oath?\" he says, puzzled. \"You may be the one and only,\" she says, \"but you have many names and with each one comes a different story. You don't know every fuckin' thing, but I know who pulled the strings.\" \"Why would anyone have pulled the strings?\" he asks. \"Because nothing occurs without reason,\" she answers. \"And all those reasons are yours.\" \"And whatever the reason would I have,\" he begins before she cuts him off. \"Perhaps it is in accordance with your will,\" she says. \"But you leave blood on your instruments.\" She roars like Aslan. \"Your biggest mistake was creating humans. The suicidal reign of mankind has finally come to its end.\" She flaps her wings and rises off of him. As she walks down the four steps, she returns to normal form, but her wings remain. As she walks past the others, she glances at he angel, then walks back through the door from whence she came.[Chapter 5] Darlene walks down the hallway and Seth, looking very much like Nicolas Cage, rushes after her. \"Where are you going?\" he asks. Darlene says nothing as she continues to walk. \"You can't go back,\" he informs her,. \"Who said anything about going back?\" she states. \"You've already turned your back on him,\" he says, \"What more do you want?\" \"I don't want to be in a place I don't fully believe in,\" she answers. \"So you turn your back on everything else?\" he asks. Darlene says nothing and continues walking. \"You're not suppose to have wings!\" Seth shouts. Darlene stops. \"Angels were never human,\" he says, \"that's why we have wings.\" \" City of Angels ,\" she says as she turns to face him. \"That's right,\" he says with a slight smile. \"I don't understand how you managed to get wings, but.\" \"That's the whole point, Nicolas,\" she says. \"Seth\" he corrects her. \"You know that man has always been an arrogant creature,\" she explains, \"From the moment they emerged from the shadows of evolution, standing upright, they took it upon themselves to be the masters of their destiny. With each step, they moved on and seldom looked back at the path of their destruction they left behind. And when they do, they won't be prepared for it. Only then will they see the price of their arrogance. Destiny always forces one person to step forward, even if they never planned to. So, wings or no wings, I'm going to make the wrong things right.\" Darlene begins walking again. \"Darlene, you sound like Lucifer!\" Seth tells her. \"You've fucking lost it! You're not talking about going home, you're talking about a fucking war on God!\" \"So what if I am?\" she asks. \"I remember the first war. The ways the sky burned, the faces of angels destroyed. I saw a third of heaven's legion banished and the creation of hell,\" he informs her. \"Do yourself a favour, Darlene, do the world a favour. Let go of your petty crap. It served you little in the past and it serves you even less now. Don't allow eons of history and life get blinked out just because you have a grudge against your maker.\" Darlene stops once more. \"You became human because you fell in love with one,\" she reminds him. \"And six hours later, he took her away. I wouldn't exactly call that fair justice.\" She slightly smiles and adds, \"Go on, Seth. Go home.\" Darlene walks away. Seth remains where he is, knowing there is nothing more he can say or do.[Chapter 6] Darlene re-enters the waiting room. Gabriel stands waiting at the door on the opposite side of the room. \"Oh, let me guess,\" she says. \"You're not Christopher Walken, but the arch angel Gabriel.\" Gabriel grins as Darlene approaches him. \"Okay, let's go see him,\" she states. The two walk down the hallway. \"With the way things are going,\" she says, \"he'll either be Viggo Mortensen or Gabriel Byrne, although I'll be expecting the latter.\" \"You know, here's what I don't get about you,\" Gabriel observes. \"You know for a fact that there is a God. You've been in his presences. He's spoken to you personally. Yet, you claim to be an agnostic.\" \"Many agnostics and atheists were martyred for their beliefs, or lack thereof,\" she says, then sighs. \"How did I ever end up like this?\" \"Come on,\" Gabriel tells her. \"You really didn't want to kill yourself.\" \"But I did, didn't I?\" she asks. \"I did kill myself?\" \"Well, yes,\" he answers. \"Technically.\" \"I use to believe that no matter how much one fucked around in life,\" she says, \"one day, if you listened hard enough, a voice would tell you what you were really cut out to be.\" \"You know how you got that dent, in your top lip?\" Gabriel asks. \"Way back, before you were born, I told you a secret. Then I put my finger there and I said Shh .\" Darlene begins to slow down as it clicks in. She stops. \"It was you all along,\" she says, then looks at him. \"You told me the truth, set things in motion.\" \"You are not the first I told,\" he informs her, \"but you are the first to follow through. All the others fell apart when they were reunited with a loved one. But you,\" he smiles, \"you held onto your anger and used it.\" \"Why?\" she asks. \"You've been rejected by both sides.\" \"Think, Darlene,\" he says. \"What is the one thing essential to an angel. The one thing that holds his entire being together?\" \"Faith,\" she answers. \"And what would happen if that faith was tested?\" he asks. \"Use that, Darlene. Use it!\" \"Hell, I,\" she sighs. \"You know what hell really is, Darlene?\" he states. \"It's not lakes of burning oil, or chains of ice. It's being separated forever from the one you love. And when the Devil was cast out of heaven, that his Hell evolved into a place where everyone is separated from the love of God. Everyone includes the Devil, whether he is able to admit his love for God or not.\" \"Sometimes you do things you regret, but there's nothing you can do about it,\" she says and shrugs. \"Times change. Doors close behind you. You move on, you know.\" Gabriel smiles as he pats Darlene on the head and walks her to the door. Darlene folds up her wings and they fit neatly under her jacket.[Chapter 7] The room is lined up with books, scrolls and papers. There are images and representations in the walls, pictures. Polynesian lamps and glitter stucco, now faded and brownish with water stains. Hasn't been very well looked after. In the center of the room is a large chair. Darlene enters to see Lucifer sitting in the chair with his eyes closed and his head back. \"Oh good one,\" Darlene says. \"Harvey Keitel, Satan in Little Nicky , very funny.\" As Darlene approaches him, he opens his eyes. \"Excellent work,\" Lucifer tells her. \"Loki and Bartleby were the last ones to tell him off.\" \"Word travels fast,\" Darlene says. \"Like anything,\" he says, \"it didn't happen overnight.\" Darlene looks puzzled. She sighs and says, \"I'm sorry, I'm having a little difficultly with your appearance.\" \"Ah,\" Lucifer says and shifts his appearance to resemble Viggo Mortensen. Darlene slightly smiles and nods with approval. \"Now, I'm in a bit of a dilemma myself here,\" Lucifer admits. \"Your file states nothing major, just child's play. Technically, you shouldn't be down here. You're welcome to stay of course.\" \"I don't think I can do that,\" Darlene says. \"You have such potential,\" he tells her. \"And are more valuable now then when you were alive.\" \"Okay, here's the thing,\" Darlene says, then uncases her wings. Lucifer takes a step back. \"Unbelievable,\" he says, then approaches her. \"The prophecy spoke of this, but I never imagined.\" Darlene sighs and asks, \"What's the prophecy this time?\" \"It is an unwritten and rarely spoken about prophecy,\" he explains, \"of one who would be born without a soul. That is why he didn't recognize you. Nobody down here or up there was sure if it were ever to come true. Is it because of this you are refusing to take sides?\" \"Yes,\" she answers. \"There is a much bigger issue to deal with. Something that cannot be dealt with unless I can in total control.\" \"What is it you have in mind?\" he asks. \"The downfall of mankind,\" she answers. \"I was the first angel,\" he says, \"loved once above all others. Some of them still come to me because since the war began, Heaven has been closed. While I have always been open, even on Christmas.\" \"As I recall,\" she remembers, \"you started the first war because of your hatred towards humans. If anything, this … war … will benefit you the most.\" \"And what is your reason for this?\" he inquires. \"Humans are the most murderous race on the planet,\" she answers. \"I was guilty of being one of them, but I was never asked if that's what I wanted. It is time for their extinction.\" Darlene heads for the door. \"Feel free to return at any time.\" Darlene loos over to see Max Von Sydow, looking like Leland Gaunt in Needful Things .[Chapter 8] Darlene enters the waiting room one last time. A fourth door has now appeared and reads Purgatory . Darlene reaches for the knob, but stops just before she grabs a hold of it. She ponders for a moment, then pulls her hand away and walks through the door itself. Gabriel is waiting for her on the other side. There's something cold and creepy about Gabriel. Out of place in here. Gabriel stands there a beat. That terrible coldness that swirls about him. The shriek of ghosts under his breath. \"You made it,\" he says. \"Of course,\" she says with a smile. \"Where you lead, I follow. I know I can depend on you.\" \"What's our first move?\" he asks. \"We need to assess our allies,\" she answers. \"Anyone who wishes to be in Heaven or Hell are to be taken there immediately. All those who remain will assist.\" \"Excellent,\" Gabriel states. \"I've accomplished that while you were conversing with Lucifer.\" \"Gabriel, you never cease to amaze me,\" Darlene says. Gabriel grins. The ghosts are the majority here in purgatory. Biding their time. Waiting for earth to surrender. Inside an office, Gabriel follows Darlene as she walks over to the window. A fracture of broken sky tumbles through the shattered window and falls dully across shapes old, shapes forgotten. \"Is the sky always gray?\" she inquires. \"Yes,\" Gabriel replies. \"We're in between. There no dark or light, just shades of fucking gray.\" \"I like it,\" she says. \"I find it comforting.\" Gabriel smiles. A low-res humming sound can be heard coming from the left side of the room. Darlene glances at a window. The blind covering the window suddenly uncovers itself. Darlene walks over for a closer look. Gabriel follows and stands behind her. \"That's the lost souls room,\" he informs her. \"A room for ghosts that have been exorcised. That's death for the dead.\" On the opposite side of the room is another door, with an archway and a painting above the door. Darlene turns and make her way to it, staring at the painting above the door. Gabriel follows. \"Is this what I think it is?\" she asks. \"Humans are led to believe that films are fiction,\" he answers. \"When in reality, some can become true in this place.\" \"I always knew John Carpenter was a genius,\" Darlene says with a smile. \"Purgatory has once been the scene of an evil older than mankind and wider than the known universe,\" Gabriel explains. \"Some believe it still exists somewhere trapped behind this door. It's primal inhabitants were a murderous race of creatures whose vile existence contaminated time itself. Perfecting history from their sadistic wickedness.\" Gabriel points to the painting and says \"Battle of heaven. The arch angel Michael is fighting off.\" \"Don't tell me,\" Darlene says. \"Fighting off one of the creatures from the other side, right?\" \"Representation,\" Gabriel confirms. \"The thing comes right through and beyond the scriptures.\" Darlene walks to the door. She puts her left hand on it and leans towards it. \"Certainly he did not lack imagination,\" Gabriel states. \"But he chose to show us the possibilities of existence. The stars were created not in love but in malice. If you could create angels, would you have made men?\" \"No,\" she answers. \"You and I are victims,\" he says. \"We are safe beyond his reach. He can't touch us, that's the way it works. We're alone Darlene, no need to worry. With a little ingenuity, we can create whatever we wish.\"[Chapter 9] God sits on his throne, staring out the window. Metatron enters and stops. He takes a deep breath before approaching. \"What news have you?\" God asks. \"I had hoped to learn more before sharing with you,\" Metatron answers. \"Nobody knows where she is.\" \"What do you mean, nobody knows?\" \"I've checked all leads,\" Metatron answers. \"She's definitely not up here, she's not in Hell and she hasn't returned to the land of the living.\" \"He's hiding her,\" God states. \"Lucifer claims to know nothing of her whereabouts.\" \"He's up to something,\" God insists. \"What could he possibly gain from hiding her?\" Metatron asks. \"Unless the prophecy … Tell me if I'm wrong, but couldn't she be the one we always talked about? The one that we knew would one day come along?\" \"She's not the one,\" God says. \"How can you be sure?\" \"Are you questioning my authority?\" God inquires, glancing at him. \"No,\" he replies. \"But there is a remote possibility.\" \"Have you become irrational?\" \"Instincts are irrational,\" Metatron answers. \"So we must follow where they lead.\" God leans back in his throne, pondering the situation. \"If she is the one,\" Metatron says softly. \"Find her,\" God demands. \"No more inconsistencies.\" \"As you wish,\" Metatron says, then quickly exit's the chamber. God pauses for a moment, then slams his fist on the arm of the chair and shouts, \"Damn!\"[Chapter 10] Darlene stands at the table in the middle of the room. Gabriel stares out the window. \"This is getting boring,\" he says, taking a deep breath. \"I'm just about out of tricks here.\" He walks over to Darlene. \"I believe I've come up with a viable solution,\" Darlene states. A CGI of the earth appears in the middle of the room. As Darlene speaks, her plan is illuminated on the CGI. \"Now, any type of natural disaster coming in from the water or mainland,\" she explains, \"can be detected and proper precautions can be taken before it hits. But what if everything hits all once, all over the planet simultaneously? Every volcano erupts, tidelwaves, tornados and earthquakes hit, wiping out the entire population.\" \"How do you propose we accomplish such an act?\" he inquires. \"If memory serves,\" Darlene recalls, \"the more a ghost gets pissed off here, it had the ability to move things there. With a combined force of everyone here, those in the lost souls room and those in there, it can be done.\" \"Now that sounds like a great idea,\" a voice says. They both look over. Perched on the desk in a low crouch, dressed entirely in black, is Lucifer, this time looking very much like Gabriel Byrne. \"This isn't your war,\" Gabriel says. \"But I remember the last one,\" Lucifer states. \"Lots of angels were with me. Every one followed their leader out of Heaven.\" Gabriel begins to lose his patience and shouts, \"I was there, remember?\" \"Except this angel,\" Lucifer tells Darlene, \"he never came out front during the war. So he laid low till he could start his own war.\" \"You ought to come work for us,\" Gabriel says. \"God's junkie's are coming, Darlene,\" Lucifer says. \"And when they do, all hell is going to break lose.\" \"I'll be ready,\" she states.[Chapter 11] All volcanoes erupt simultaneously. Spirits from purgatory fly up and out. Then change their route and hit as the oceans cause massive title waves. As the waves form, we can see the spirits slightly emerge for the water, leading the waves to the land. On the main land, hurricanes and tornados come on strong, causing death and destruction of all cities. A wave of destruction grows outwardly, engulfing all. The grid locked cars on the freeway have nowhere to run as the wall of destruction grows out from downtown. All the cars are wiped out in a row, sitting ducks. All of Cleveland is consumed from its center outwardly and within seconds, it's gone. The wall of destruction reaches its outer most edges and fades away. Darlene stands to the left and behind Gabriel on a giant hill. Both stare with satisfaction at the destruction of mankind. Millions lie dead, scattered everywhere. Moments later, their spirits begin to leave their bodies. Angels descend from above to claim them. \"Here they come,\" Darlene says. As spirits are claimed by heaven's angels, Demons below ascend to claim souls for themselves. A battle for the souls begins and it is a sight to behold. Darlene glances to the right and notices a man and a woman making their way up the hill. \"We've got strays,\" she says. Gabriel looks over. Darlene rushes towards them. The couple notices Darlene and change their direction to meet her. Darlene uncases her wings. She shoots up and lands on the man and bites his jugular. The woman freezes and screams. Darlene, bloody mouth, looks up. The woman turns and begins running away. Darlene flies, tackles her and bites her jugular. When she's finished, she stands and lowers her wings. Their spirits rise and are quickly claimed. Darlene rejoins Gabriel as she wipes the blood form her mouth. Both continue watching. \"Why have you done this?\" a voice asks. Darlene and Gabriel glance over and see God. \"The universe is wired,\" Gabriel answers. \"The fix was in. No one had a chance.\" \"You realize I can put everything back the way it was,\" God informs them. \"We'll just destroy it again,\" Darlene informs him. \"Besides, if you really were God, you should have seen it coming and prevented it.\" \"You still doubt me?\" he asks. \"You don't fucking exist,\" Darlene shouts. \"You strive for perfection and strike with precision,\" God says. \"but soon it blows in your face and the smoke blurs your vision. You have so much pain.\" \"Pain?\" Darlene asks. \"Each being's pain is unique,\" God states. \"You pain is the deepest of all.\" \"I hide no pain,\" Darlene informs him. \"I know you better than that,\" he says. \"Do you?\" Darlene challenges. \"Learn something about yourself,\" he insists. \"No,\" she says. \"I refuse.\" \"Try to be open about this,\" God says imploring. \"About what?\" she asks. \"That I've made the wrong choices in my life. That I went left when I should have gone right? I know what my weaknesses are. Pain and guilt are things we carry with us, the things that make us who we are. If we lose them, we lose ourselves. I don't want my pain taken away! I need my pain!\" \"I can put everything back the way it was,\" God says approaching her. \"Give you the life you've always wanted.\" \"How would you know what I want?\" she inquires. \"You always wanted a better life than the one you had,\" he answers. \"Most people do,\" she says as she slightly turns away. \"I'll give you the life you want,\" he says. \"Run it the way you see fit.\" \"Again,\" she repeats, \"how would you know what I want?\" \"An uncle named Jonathan, a husband named Neal,\" God replies. \"I can give it to you.\" \"It's all just a futile plant that would mean I'd have to believe,\" she states. God glances at her left hand. Darlene looks down. She lifts her left hand and flips through photos of herself with Jonathan Frakes and Neal McDonough. Gabriel steps up behind Darlene and says, \"Don't listen to him.\" \"That's the life you want,\" god states. \"It's not the life you want,\" Gabriel counters. \"That is the life you shall have,\" God insists. \"You don't need that life,\" Gabriel tells her. God stares at Gabriel, but speaks to Darlene, \"It's the life you deserve.\" \"If you deserve it,\" Gabriel says, \"Why wasn't it yours in the first place?\" \"It's the life you need,\" God claims. Gabriel stares at God. They have a staring contest with each other while they continue to speak to Darlene. \"Once you have it,\" Gabriel says, \"you'll want a different life.\" \"I'm the one who can give it to you,\" God states. \"He can't give it to you,\" Gabriel informs her. \"It is the life you want,\" God says. \"Enough!\" Darlene shouts. They both stop talking as Darlene looks up from the photos. \"He's right,\" she says. God smiles and says, \"I knew you'd come around.\" \"I didn't mean you,\" she says. Gods smile fades as he asks, \"How could you have done this from Hell?\" \"I wasn't working from there,\" she replies. \"We took over purgatory.\" \"There is no purgatory,\" God insists. \"There is now,\" she says with a smile. \"After I turned my back on you, of course.\" \"So instead of taking your orders from Lucifer, you take your orders from him?\" God asks as he points to Gabriel. \"Well, if you put it that way … yes,\" she answers. \"I have to admit, she's very loyal,\" Gabriel says with a grin. \"We're going to make a deal here,\" Darlene states. \"You will not try to repopulate Earth with humans because, as you know, we'll just destroy it again. But we'll stay out of the war between Heaven and Hell in exchange for these two souls.\" \"And if I refuse?\" God asks. \"I don't think you have a choice,\" she answers. \"It's two against one.\" \"You two against me?\" he inquires. \"No,\" she replies. \"Purgatory and Hell against Heaven … Do we have a deal?\" \"You know that is a deal I cannot make.\" \"I could just go in and get them myself,\" she declares. \"That's not possible,\" God says firmly. \"Oh really,\" Darlene responds and she motions with her head. God turns around to see Jonathan Frakes and Neal McDonough walking towards them. Two lions, one on either side of them, tracking their every move. \"You remember the Ghost and the Darkness,\" Darlene says. \"The same two who killed a hundred and thirty people in eighteen ninety six. I know that wasn't your intent for these marvellous creatures, but still.\" She slightly smiles. \"You sent these two demon beasts in,\" God begins before he is cut off. \"Not quite,\" she responds. \"Thanks Lucifer.\" \"Don't mention it,\" a voice replies. All look over to see Lucifer standing next to a willow tree. This time he is represented by Peter Storm air, looking very much like he did in Constantine . \"It was the least I could do for an old friend,\" he says approaching them. \"The prophecy didn't say anything about all this,\" God says. \"Prophets don't know everything,\" Lucifer states. \"Hell, you didn't even think it would come true. I, on the other hand, made damn well sure it did.\" \"So, do we have a deal?\" Darlene asks. God ponders for a moment, then sighs and responds no. Darlene lowers her hand, turns away from God and says, \"I don't have time for this Mickey mouse bullshit .\" Lucifer approaches Darlene and says, \"Here's the situation. There's been a mistake.\" \"What kind of mistake?\" she asks. \"The fact is,\" Lucifer replies. \"You weren't actually suppose to die\" \"What?\" Darlene says flabbergasted. \"Now, just calm down. It doesn't happen very often, but somewhere,\" Lucifer says as he shifts he gaze to Gabriel, \"Someone screwed up and the result is a tragic mistake.\" \"The result is I'm dead,\" Darlene shouts as she slightly expands her wings. \"What does this remind you of?\" Jonathan whispers to Neal. \"David and Goliath,\" Neal whispers back. \"But this time David is overmatched.\" \"Classic confrontation,\" Jonathan whispers. Neal raises a finger and steps forward. \"Excuse me,\" he says. Darlene turns swiftly, expanding her wings completely. Neal stops at the sight of her massive wing span and asks, \"But, who are you to judge the word of God?\" \"Who do you think pulls the strings that you are attached to?\" Darlene inquires as she approaches him. \"I'm my own man,\" Neal replies. \"Nobody pulls my strings.\" \"Do you honestly believe that everybody is welcome in his kingdom?\" she asks. \"Yes,\" he replies. \"But those who disobey are kicked out,\" she says. \"That's not true,\" he claims. \"Oh really,\" she says, then points to Lucifer. \"Then how do you explain his situation?\" \"He broke the rules,\" Neal responds. \"Rules,\" Darlene repeat, then looks at Gabriel and says, \"It's always about rules, isn't it?\" Gabriel grins. \"When it comes to his rules, God is not negotiable?\" she inquires. \"Lucifer was kicked out for not doing what he was told.\" Neal points to Lucifer and says, \"He's a sick piece of shit.\" \"A sick piece of shit with the balls to admit when he's wrong,\" Darlene says, then points to God and asks, \"Does he ever admit when he's wrong?\" \"He's never been wrong,\" Neal answers. \"Sure he has,\" Darlene states. \"Nobody's spoken or written of it until now.\" \"What has he done wrong,\" Neal inquires. \"Spreading deception. Inciting to mutiny,\" she replies. \"How can you say that?\" Neal says aghast. \"He'd forgive you for anything. Lying, murder, He'd even forgive you for speaking against Jesus himself.\" \"There are two types of people,\" Darlene explains, \"atheists and folks that haven't been paying attention. Christianity was wrong about the solar system. What if the book is wrong? Your eternal soul is at stake, but you shouldn't make a big deal about it?\" \"If the church says so,\" Neal remarks, \"God must adhere.\" \"Church laws are fallible because they're created by man,\" Darlene says. \"God is an astronaut, Oz is over the rainbow and Median is where the monsters go … Do you believe he knows everything?\" \"Yes,\" Neal replies. \"Then how come he didn't know who I was when I entered his kingdom?\" she asks. \"I'm sure he,\" he begins. \"She has no soul,\" Lucifer cuts him off. \"That's impossible,\" Neal states. \"Impossible is only found in the dictionary of fools,\" Lucifer states. \"A man can lose faith in the almighty, provided he does not lose faith in himself. What Darlene is trying to inform you of is, Heaven isn't what it's cracked up to be.\" \"As if hell is any better,\" Neal says. \"Right now,\" Darlene says, \"The best place for you, for the both of you, is purgatory. A place where rules can be bent, they can even be broken.\" \"Purgatory doesn't.\" \"We operate not on reality,\" Gabriel cuts him off, \"But the perception of reality.\" \"And if we refuse?\" Jonathan asks. \"You don't really have a choice,\" Gabriel answers. \"Isn't that a little hypocritical?\" Jonathan inquires. \"Hey, these aren't my rules,\" Gabriel replies, then smiles, \"Come to think of it, I don't have any rules. But I have learned this much, take what you can, when you can.\" \"Then you've learned nothing!\" Jonathan says. \"Alright, that's it, this ends right now,\" Darlene says pissed off. \"Ghost, Darkness, take them to purgatory.\" The Ghost and the Darkness move them away from the others. Lucifer uncases his wings and strategically approaches God. Gabriel uncases his wings, but doesn't expand them. Darlene begins to step away from Gabriel, but he grabs her arm. She stops and looks at him. \"What's wrong?\" she asks. \"I'm too old for this shit,\" he replies \"Okay,\" she says and motions with her head towards the others. \"Go lay your thing down.\" Darlene makes her way over to God and Lucifer. Gabriel joins the others. Darlene and Lucifer begin to circle God. \"This is one war you'll have to fight yourself,\" Darlene says. \"No angel can help you now.\" Jonathan and Neal are slowly being taken away by the Ghost and the Darkness. Gabriel follows close behind. An angels falls from the sky and lands near the Ghost, dead. The Ghost roars. Another angels hit's the ground close to the Darkness, dead. The Darkness roars. They look up. In the sky above them, hell's angels are preventing heaven's angels from interfering with the fight on the ground below. Something slides next to Gabriel. He looks down. Darlene lies on her back, slightly winded. Gabriel bends over, grabs the front of her jacket and lifts her over him. \"Stop screwing around,\" he tells her. Still being held, Darlene's form begins to change. Her fingers and teeth grow long and sharp. Her legs grow long and powerful. Her skin is so cold, it burns. Gabriel slightly lowers her, then swings his arm upwards. Darlene goes flying into the air, then makes a downward spiral and tackles God. This time, God has Darlene pinned. Darlene stares into his eyes. \"Uh,\" she says, then shifts her gaze to the left, \"you want to help me out here?\" God is pulled from Darlene and thrown across the hillside. He lands on his back. Lucifer is on him in a split second. \"I'm going to cherish this moment,\" Lucifer declares. Suddenly, the hillside is bathed in a white light. It spills out, as though the heavens have opened. Slowly, the beam of light intensifies. Suddenly, the white light disappears. In a brief moment, it is replaces with a blast. A destruction beam blasts down onto the hillside.[Chapter 12] Darlene awakens. She sits up and glances around the room. The bedroom seems strange, yet familiar. At first, nothing is out of place or time is detected. However, a calendar hangs on the wall, reading 1995. Indistinct voices and laughter can be heard wafting through the house. Jonathan Frakes and Neal McDonough stand in the kitchen drinking coffee as they converse. They both look over as Darlene enters. \"There she is,\" Jonathan says with a smile. \"Good morning sleepy head,\" Neal says, then gives her a kiss. She barely kisses him back. \"Are you okay?\" he asks. \"You don't seem like yourself this morning.\" \"No, I just,\" she says. \"I had the weirdest dream last night.\" Jonathan hands her a cup of coffee. She takes it and slightly smiles. \"So, what happened in this weird dream of yours?\" Jonathan asks. \"It was the weirdest thing,\" she replies. \"We've established that already,\" Jonathan states. She looks up at him. Neal smiles. \"No, it's just,\" Darlene says, then sighs. \"It seemed so real.\" \"It must have been a hell of a dream,\" Jonathan observes. \"It was,\" she states. \"It could just be pre wedding jitters,\" Jonathan states, \"It is only a week away.\" \"Maybe,\" Darlene says. The cupboards behind her change color, from dark brown to light blue. \"You'll be fine,\" Jonathan says with a smile. \"Thanks Uncle Jonathan,\" she says with a smile. Darlene notices the cupboards are now a different color. \"When did you paint those?\" she asks, pointing at them. \"They've always been that color,\" Jonathan says confused. \"No, they were brown just a minute ago,\" Darlene says. \"Are you feeling alright?\" Jonathan asks. \"Something's wrong,\" she replies. \"This isn't right.\" \"What isn't?\" he inquires as he glances at Neal. \"It's as though,\" she begins when she notices the calendar and steps towards it. \"This calendar.\" \"What about it?\" Jonathan asks. \"It's about twelve years old,\" she answers. \"I think you've finally gone round the flippin' bend,\" Jonathan says, raising an eyebrow, then pats her head on his way out of the kitchen. \"Your imagination is running wild,\" Neal tells her. \"No, I'm serious Neal. This is wrong.\" \"How can it be wrong?\" he asks. \"It just is,\" she replies. \"Darlene, there's nothing wrong. You're just confused right now.\" \"I'm not confused,\" she says. \"I'm starting to think that dream I has last night was real and this isn't.\" Neal kisses her passionately. \"Is that real enough for you?\" he inquires. \"That's not what I mean,\" she answers. \"Then explain it to me.\" \"It's a conspiracy,\" She begins. \"Like in total recall, our memories were erased and they implanted a new one. They bug us so they can keep track of our every move. They can change things.\" \"What kind of explanation is that?\" he asks. \"It's the best you're gonna get,\" she answers. \"Darlene, there is no conspiracy. Nobody is in charge of our lives but us, can you grasp that? Big brother is not watching.\" \"How can you be sure?\" she asks. \"Because the memories I have are real,\" he answers. \"Take us for example. We met on the set of Darkman , we've been dating for the past five years and we're getting married on Saturday.\" \"I see the implant took,\" she quips. \"Okay, what about yours?\" he inquires. \"I lived in this house until I was seven,\" she replies. \"It's just a similar house in a different city,\" he says, \"you lived in Cleveland before your mother died.\" Darlene says nothing, she just stares at the sliding doors facing the back yard. \"Darlene? … Look, we're going to be late. We can continue this conversation in the car.\" Darlene makes her way to the sliding doors. \"I'll be waiting in the car,\" Neal tells her. She notices a figure in the back yard. \"Okay,\" she says after a moment. The front door can be heard opening and closing. Darlene steps outside and makes her way over to the figure. The figure turns around. It's Gabriel. \"You're a hard one to find,\" he says. \"A creature without a soul is always difficult to locate.\" \"I woke up here and … it really happened, didn't it?\" she inquires. \"You disappeared after the fight,\" Gabriel explains. \"I was forced to retreat. When you didn't return, I knew. He tried to hide you from me.\" \"How'd you find me?\" she asks. Gabriel points. Darlene looks to the car corner of the yard. Hidden amongst the trees and long grass, sit two lions, the Ghost and the Darkness. \"A gift from Lucifer,\" Gabriel says. \"It's time to go home.\" \"Home?\" \"Purgatory.\" \"Home,\" she says softly and glances back at the house. \"They'll be fine … They don't exist anymore, remember?\" Gabriel tells her. Darlene sighs. \"Come on, let's go home,\" he says. Gabriel leads her away from the house. The ghost and the darkness follow closely behind. They disappear into a ripple in the back yard. ","Summary":" Author's Note Disclaimer. One. A statement disclaiming responsibility for something. Two. Disavowal"},{"Movie":"The Prophecy","Title":"Birds of Pray","Author":"Kittenmommy","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/2594864","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \"Birdsrnof Pray\" Chapter 1 Simon Says STANDARD DISCLAIMER: The Prophecy belongs to Gregory Widen and I'm not making any money from this. AUTHOR'S NOTE: Despite repeatedly e mailing The Powers That Be here on FFN, there is no category for the The Prophecy series of movies. So, I guess I'll post them here. This fic contains a few naughty words. Later chapters may have references to hermaphroditism, as the first Prophecy movie established that angels are hermaphrodites (i.e. in possessionrnof both male and female sex organs and presumably genitalia). rnSorry to disappoint, but there will be no graphic sex in this fic –rnI just don't write that kind of stuff. Thernfaculty meeting was over. When Katherine Henley returned to herrnempty third grade classroom, she was surprised to see that it wasn'trncompletely empty after all.[Chapter 2] \"Birds of Pray\" Chapter 2 Angels and Raptors Gabriel sat at the table, adding sugar to his coffee. Katherine leaned against the kitchen counter, watching him warily. He stirred his coffee, took a sip, and made a face. \"Why don't you sit down?\" he invited, dumping in another heaping spoonful of white crystals. \"Join me.\" \"I don't think so.\" She folded her arms across her chest. \"You've got your cup of coffee. So what else do you want?\" \"A doughnut?\" he asked hopefully. \"That's not what I meant,\" she told him coldly. \"Why are you back in my life, Gabriel?\" \"Boy,rnyou really get right to the point, don't you?\" He took another sip ofrncoffee. \"All right. But it's a long story. You really should sit down.\" \"I think I'd rather stand, thanks.\" Herngave her an appraising look. \"You don't have to be afraid, Katherine.rnI'm not here to hurt you. I've hurt too many good people as it is.\" \"Then why are you here?\" \"I need…\" He hesitated, groping for the right words. \"I want to explain some things.\" She snorted. \"I didn't think you went around explaining yourself to us 'monkeys'.\" \"This is the new me,\" he said ruefully. He gestured at the empty chair across from him. \"Sit down and I'll tell you all about it.\" With a sigh, Katherine poured herself a cup of coffee and sat. Asrnshe listened to Gabriel talk, she tried to imagine what he must havernbeen like when acting as God's Messenger. Somehow she just couldn'trnpicture him appearing to Mary and announcing the coming birth of Jesusrnin that staccato voice of his. And how, she wondered, had he picked uprnthat accent? To Katherine's ears, he sounded more like a New York Cityrncab driver than the Angel of the Annunciation. \"I learned a lot living as a human,\" he confided. \"It's not as easy as it looks.\" For the first time that night, she actually laughed. \"I could have told you that a long time ago.\" \"I wouldn't have listened.\" \"I know,\" she agreed. \"I was arrogant,\" he admitted, staring down at his coffee cup. \"And blinded by jealousy.\" The phone rang. \"Just a minute,\" she said, and rose to answer it. It was Greg. \"Hey, Katie-Kate… how're you doing?\" he asked. \"I'm really sorry about dinner tonight.\" \"That'srnall right,\" she assured him. \"I actually have company right now…rnsomeone I knew when I lived in Chimney Rock dropped by unexpectedly.\" \"Oh yeah? That's great. I'm glad you're not spending Friday night all alone. So what's her name?\" \" His name,\" she corrected, \"is Gabriel.\" \"Old boyfriend?\" he teased. \"No, never!\" she said with feeling. Greg laughed. \"All right. Are you free tomorrow night? I'm really looking forward to that spaghetti dinner!\" \"Wouldn't miss it. Hey, how's the Altman case going?\" He groaned. \"Don't ask!\" She made a sympathetic sound. \"Poor you!\" \"Poor me,\" he agreed. \"And poor Altman. I don't think I'm going to be able to get him off the hook.\" \"That's too bad. You really think he's innocent?\" \"Yeah. Sometimes there's just no justice.\" \"Not in this world, anyway,\" she said, glancing at Gabriel. \"Maybe in the next.\" \"I sure hope so,\" he agreed. \"Well, I've got to get going. Just wanted to touch base with you.\" \"All right.\" \"Love you,\" he said. She smiled. \"Me too.\" \"Bye, Katie-Kate.\" \"Bye.\" She hung up the phone and went back to her seat at the table. \"So… you cook,\" Gabriel observed. \"Yeah, a little.\" She picked up her coffee cup and took a sip. \"You were saying…\" \"I don't remember.\" \"Really?\" He surprised her by smiling. \"Even angels sometimes lose their train of thought.\" \"Irnsee.\" She had never seen him smile before, and was struck by how itrntransformed his features for the better. It made him more approachable,rnmore human. She took a deep breath, hesitated, and spoke. \"Gabriel…rnwhy did you come here tonight?\" His eyebrows went up. For a moment shernwas sure he wasn't going to answer, and so she decided to make a jokernof it. \"I know it wasn't for the coffee.\" \"It wasn't,\" he agreed.rnHe sat quietly for a bit, drumming two fingers on the table as hernthought. Katherine found herself wondering if all that caffeine andrnsugar was getting to him. \"Look… it's like this,\" he finallyrnbegan, and she leaned forward in her seat to listen. \"I was Upstairs…rnyou know… talking to The Boss. I said, 'I really messed things up for arnlot of people down there,' and He said 'You sure did,' and I said,rn'Maybe I should do something about it, try to make amends,' and Hernsaid, 'Maybe you should.' See, He's real good like that, not tellingrnyou what you should do… just encouraging you to follow what yourrnconscience says is right.\" Katherine nodded, not trusting herself to speak. \"AndrnI realized that you probably didn't have really good feelings about usrnor The Boss after what happened in Chimney Rock, and I couldn't let yournspend the rest of your life thinking that my brothers and I are all badrnand that The Boss just lets us run wild, not caring what we do or whornwe hurt. Because He's not like that. Look what He did to me – gotrnMichael to turn me into a human just to teach me a lesson. And itrnworked.\" He gave another rare smile. \"I'm a changed seraph, let me tellrnyou. I see things a lot differently now.\" Katherine's head wasrnspinning. She closed her eyes and put her head in her hands. \"Allrnright,\" she said, not looking up. \"So. You want to make things rightrnbetween us. That's why you're here?\" \"Yeah. That's pretty much it.\" \"Great. OK.\" She sighed. \"This is a lot for me to absorb.\" \"I understand. Maybe we should continue our conversation later, after you've had time to think about all this.\" \"That would be wonderful ,\"rnshe said, rubbing her temples. \"I feel like my head is going tornexplode. You talk about all this stuff – 'The Boss' – so casually...\"rnShe gave a nervous little laugh. \"It's kind of freaking me out arnlittle.\" \"Yeah. Sorry about that,\" he said apologetically. \"Sometimes I forget.\" \"You didn't talk like this when you were human, did you?\" \"Of course,\" he said with a shrug. \"People must've thought you were crazy.\" \"Theyrndid,\" he agreed. He didn't seem very concerned about it. \"That wasrntheir problem, not mine. I didn't know any other way to be… and I knew that I wasn't crazy.\" \"I wouldn't go that far,\" she said before she could stop herself. Herncocked his head at her, just like a bird. \"Do you think I'm crazy,rnKatherine?\" he asked, sounding genuinely interested in her answer. \"I used to,\" she admitted. \"Now I don't know what to think about you.\" He nodded once, satisfied, and stood. \"I'd better take off,\" he said. \"It's late.\" \"Come on,\" she said, also standing. \"I'll walk you out.\" When they reached the front door, Gabriel hesitated. \"Katherine… are you still afraid of me?\" \"I…\" She thought about it. \"I'm not sure.\" \"I'm not going to hurt you.\" \"I wish I could believe that.\" He reached out and tilted her chin up. \"I've never lied to you,\" he reminded her, looking her right in the eye. \"Have I?\" She considered it. \"I guess not.\" \"I'm an angel, the Messenger of God,\" he continued firmly. \"I never lie.\" She nodded. \"All right.\" Seeming satisfied, he released her and moved away. \"I'll see you later.\" \"Gabriel – \" He stopped, turned. \"Yes?\" \"You should smile more often.\" \"Hmm,\" he said, and vanished into the darkness beyond her porch light. Thernnext day, Katherine spent an hour preparing her Nana's famous homemadernspaghetti sauce. While it simmered on the stove, she sat on the livingrnroom sofa with her PowerBook, reading about angels. Gabriel,rnas it turned out, was a very busy angel. In addition to his roles asrnthe Angel of Death and the Angel of the Annunciation, he was also thernAngel of Incarnation, the Angel of Consolation, the Angel of Mercy andrnthe Angel of Childbirth. Those last three these things made her laughrnout loud at the thought. She laughed even harder when one websiternassured her that Gabriel was the only female angel. She made a mentalrnnote to show him that particular website the next time she saw him; shernhad an evil desire to see how he'd react to the news of his sex change. Next, she did a web search for birds. The only birds with eyes on the front of their heads are raptors, she learned. Birds of prey… or in this case, of pray, she thought with a giggle. Most birds have a uropygial , or preen gland, she read, located on the upper surface of the rump and covered by feathers. Therngland secretes oils used by the bird when preening. These oils arernbelieved to help waterproof feathers and condition exposed skin. Thernoils may also have substances which control bacterial and fungalrninfections, as well as contain vitamin D. She tried tornimagine Gabriel preening himself and decided that a mental picture likernthat just wouldn't fit in her brain. She glanced up at the clock on thernupper right side of the computer screen and saw that it was close tornfive o'clock. Where had the time gone? Had she really spent nearly fivernhours reading about angels and raptors? No wonder she had a headache! Gregrnwould be arriving for his promised spaghetti dinner soon, she realized.rnFirst she would do something about her awful headache, and then shernwould go check on her spaghetti sauce. With a sigh, she stood and headed upstairs in search of some aspirin. Katherinerntook a sip of red wine as she stirred the tomato sauce with a woodenrnspoon. She took a small portion on the spoon, blew on it to cool it,rnand cautiously sampled it. \"It smells very nice, Katherine.\" She gave a little shriek and dropped the spoon, which clattered to the stovetop in a splotch of red sauce. Shernturned around to see Gabriel perched on her kitchen table, his foldedrnhands resting on his knees. \"I just can't wait to taste it,\" herncontinued calmly, as though a person appearing out of thin air was thernmost normal thing in the world. Well , she reflected, to him it probably was. \"When you said you wanted to continue our conversation later, I didn't realize that you meant tonight ,\" she said, picking up the spoon and wiping the sauce off the stovetop with a dishtowel. \"Fine,\"rnhe said, and she heard him jump to the ground. \"We can talk aboutrnsomething else.\" He walked over to the counter, took a wineglass out ofrnthe cupboard and poured himself a glass of wine. He raised the glass tornher in a brief toast and downed half of it in one gulp. \"Help yourself, Gabriel,\" she said ironically. Hernwalked over to the stove, picked up the wooden spoon and sniffed itrnbriefly. He stuck out his tongue and licked it thoroughly, and then hernput it right back in the sauce. \"Hey!\" she protested, snatching up the spoon. \"That's disgusting!\" He shrugged and moved away to poke at the salads that were sitting on the counter. Duringrnthe course of their conversation the previous night, Katherine'srnfeelings had run the gamut from terror to wariness to dazed numbness.rnNow she was experiencing an emotion that she had never in her wildestrndreams thought she would apply to the Archangel Gabriel: annoyance. \"Come on, leave that alone!\" she pleaded as he bent close to one of the salads, sniffing. \"I'll have this one,\" he decided, fishing a tomato out of the salad he'd been investigating and popping it into his mouth. \"I didn't make that for you ,\" she told him rather ungraciously. She saw the surprise register on his face as her words finally sunk in. \"You were expecting someone else.\" \"Yeah. Believe it or not, I do have a social life aside from angelic visitors.\" \"Ahh, you mean I'm not the only man in your life? Katherine…\" He clutched at his chest in a melodramatic fashion. \"I'm crushed.\" She gave him a look that spoke volumes. \"Huh,\" he said, and poured himself more wine. The doorbell rang. \"Must be your dinner guest,\" he observed. \"Probably. And don't drink all the wine,\" she admonished as she left to answer the door. \"HirnKatie-Kate,\" Greg said when she opened the door. He was Gabriel'srncomplete opposite; short and stocky, well-tanned and blond. He wasrndressed casually in a pale pink shirt and tan pants. \"I missed you lastrnnight,\" he said as she leaned up to kiss him. He followed her into thernfoyer and suddenly sneezed loudly. \"Bless you!\" she said. \"Oh… that reminds me – Gabriel's here.\" \"Your friend from last night?\" \"Yeah. He dropped by again a little bit ago.\" \"Does he always just show up like that?\" \"Yeah, pretty much.\" Greg sneezed again. \"Bless you again! Are you getting a cold?\" \"I don't think so,\" he said, following her into the kitchen. \"Gabriel, this is Greg. Greg, this is Gabriel,\" she said, shooting the angel a warning look that said be nice . \"It's wonderful to meet you,\" Gabriel said, extending the hand that wasn't holding the wineglass. \"Gregory.\" \"Yeah,rnlikewise,\" Greg replied, shaking hands. He sneezed again, explosively.rn\"Geeze, excuse me!\" he apologized. \"I don't know what's wrong with merntonight!\" \"Allergies?\" Katherine suggested as she stirred the sauce. \"Doubt it,\" Greg said. \"I'm only allergic to one thing that I know of.\" \"And what's that?\" she asked. \"Birds. But you don't have a bird, do you?\" \"Noooo…\" she said slowly, glancing at Gabriel. \"Not… um… exactly .\" \"Well, if you went out and got a bird, just tell me. I'll dose myself with Benadryl before I come over.\" \"Thatrnmight be a good idea,\" she agreed. \"Even though I don't have a bird,\"rnshe added hastily. Gabriel was carefully studying the ceiling. \"OK,rnthen,\" Greg said, looking from Katherine to Gabriel and back again.rnClearly something was going on that he wasn't hearing about. Suddenly,rnhe sneezed again. \"You know, I may have some Benadryl upstairs in my medicine cabinet,\" she recalled. \"Would you like some?\" \"That would be great,\" he said, wiping his nose with the back of one hand. \"So, when's dinner?\" AUTHOR'S NOTE: The information found in this chapter was gleaned from several different sources. For information on angels in general and the Archangel Gabriel in particular, I consulted the book Angels A to Z by James R. Lewis and Evelyn Dorothy Oliver. Irnalso looked at The Catholic Encyclopedia's website about St. Gabrielrnthe Archangel at and the Wikipedia entry for the Archangel Gabriel atrnen. about raptors can be found at the Sea World Birds of Prey website at That site was very useful to me, and I even quoted directly from it at one point (the bit about preen glands).[Chapter 3] \"Birds of Pray\" Chapter 3 Gabriel, Blow Your Horn! After fetching some Benadryl and a box of Kleenex for Greg, Katherine set about making another salad and setting a third place at the table, for it appeared that Gabriel was staying for dinner.[Chapter 4] \"Birds of Pray\" Chapter 4 \"Simon Says: Part II\" On Monday, Katherine saw her third grade class safely onto their busses and then went back into the empty school.[Chapter 5] \"Birds of Pray\" Chapter 5 \"Lunch with Lucifer\" When Katherine came out of her bedroom the next morning, she smelled coffee… coffee and something burning.[Chapter 6] \"Birds of Pray\" Chapter 6 \"She Talks To Angels\" Katherine was sitting on a park bench with another woman. As they talked, their children played in the sandbox under their watchful eyes.[Chapter 7] \"Birds of Pray\" Chapter 7 \"Revelations\" Not long after the men from Sears departed, the doorbell rang again.[Chapter 8] \"Birds of Pray\" Chapter 8 \"Birds and Monkeys\" Katherine was awakened by Greg bending over her, kissing her.[Chapter 9] \"Birds of Pray\" Chapter 9 \"It's Time To Come Home\" AUTHOR'S NOTE: I love reviews, I really do. It makes me so happy when people enjoy my stories and when they take the time to tell me so. All that I ask is that you please, please don't put spoilers in your reviews – thanks so much![Chapter 10] \"Birds of Pray\" Chapter 10 \"The Mystery That Was Gabriel\" AUTHOR'S NOTE: Unfortunately, they never gave Joseph a last name in any of the Prophecy movies… so I gave him the last name of the actor who played him.[Chapter 11] \"Birds of Pray\" Chapter 11 \"Pizza and Beer\" Gabriel sat at the counter, sipping his coffee.[Chapter 12] \"Birds of Pray\" Epilogue I: When I Look To The Sky Gabriel perched on the edge of the mausoleum, watching the funeral that was taking place below.[Chapter 13] \"Birds of Pray\" Epilogue II: I Gotta Go See A Guy… The Cardinals scored a touchdown, and the bar went wild. ","Summary":" \"Birdsrnof Pray\" Chapter 1 Simon Says STANDARD DISCLAIMER: The Prophecy belongs to Gregory Widen "},{"Movie":"Krampus","Title":"Krampus: Origins","Author":"duchessofbooks","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11632225","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Krampus: Origins *I have made this story back in 2015. I finally got to see the film in December of 2016. While I did enjoy it, it really didn't touch base on the origin of the Christmas demon, which is completely fine. I decided to create this story as I do like the Krampus legend and I do hope everyone enjoys this!* Prologue Baemi Tribe (pre-Austria), circa Early 10th Century Summer fell upon the community of Baemi. The grass was a bright emerald green and the setting sun's rays streaked across the sky. Ishild, a young girl of six with blonde hair and dazzling eyes hides under a table in the gathering hall. \"Ishild? Where are you?!\" she heard her mother shout. \"Rosmunda, would you please keep it down,\" her father said and adds, \"She might be in already. You know she loves story nights.\" Ishild's father was the advisor to the Baemi's chief and he and his family were granted the highest rank in the tribe. Ishild loved to hear stories about far-away lands and of creatures that were not human. She was always excited for story nights. \"Oh, there you are!\" Rosmunda exclaimed and takes her daughter into her arms. \"When will everyone get here? I want to hear Oda's story!\" Ishild demands, but her mother chuckles. \"Please be patient darling, Oda is an old lady,\" Rosmunda replies, but Ishild frowns. Finally, the gathering hall began to fill up with families and some men prepare a bon fire. A hole in the roof provided air and allowed the sparks to get out. Then, a trio of bone flutes began to play and the families take a seat around the bon fire. An old woman with white hair and emerald green eyes was brought in. Oda was the local storyteller of the tribe and she was famous within the community for her tales. Oda walks slowly around the bon fire and begins to chant. Ishild watches Oda with delight and the old lady begins to tell a story. \"A long time ago, there lived a man and a woman. They lived in peace, but the man desired a child. \"The woman, who was foolish and vain, did not want a child. However, she submitted to her husband's wishes and was soon with child. \"The woman did not like to be with child, therefore she taunted God by proclaiming she would rather have the Devil's child. If only she knew of the consequences that followed. \"The child was born, but it was of this world. It had the cloven hooves of the Devil, the horns of a goat, and its body was covered with black hair. \"Such a horror the woman gave birth to and the man takes the child away to the wilderness to die. Only it didn't die, the dwarves of the wood discover the child and raise it as their own. \"The creature now hunts the meadows in the bleak of winter in search of food. Anyone who dares cross its path will meet an unfortunate fate,\" Oda said to everyone. The whole hall was hushed by this story and Oda then stares at Ishild. She places a hand on the child's head. \"I warn you child, beware of this creature, you might be its next meal,\" Oda teased and the crowd laughs. \"Crazy old lady,\" Ishild's father said, but Rosmunda scolds her husband. \"Your father doesn't believe in legends,\" she said to her daughter. The families then leave the gathering hall and return to their homes. Darkness fell and the tribe's residents turn in for the night. Ishild was tucked into bed, but she didn't fall asleep. Instead, she goes to the window and stares at the starry sky. The cluster of stars glowed bright and Ishild looks out on the village. Lanterns were lit, including those of the night guards. Ishild looks around, seeing that no one was patrolling around her house. She then puts on her cloak and climbs out of the window. She runs toward the dark meadow just beyond the village. Ishild was curious if the creature Oda had told her about was around there, even if it wasn't winter. She was careful not to get caught by the guards. She had done it before and the trick was to be quiet as a mouse. Ishild made it to the meadow, it was not dark thanks to the glowing moon. She looks around, but all she could see were flocks of sheep. She waits patiently for the creature to show up, but nothing appeared. The moon then hides behind some clouds, making it pitch-black. Ishild pants hard and curls up in a ball. The clouds move away and the moon lit up the night. Ishild looks at the flocks of sheep, they were still there. Ishild was disappointed and she decided to return home. Only when she turns around, she notices a wolf that was close by. Ishild gasps and turns to run. The wolf howls and gives chase. \"HELP! HELP!\" Ishild cries out and continues to run. The wolf, however, was caught by something and it was dragged into the darkness. Ishild continues to cry out and the guards hear her. \"Easy child, what is it?\" one of them asks. \"A wolf! A wolf is chasing me!\" Ishild cries out and a guard takes her into his arms. The others prepared themselves to fight against the wolf, only it didn't appear. \"I swear, a wolf was chasing me,\" Ishild said, but the men look around the place. They came back and shake their heads. \"Ishild!\" Rosmunda shrieks and she and her husband arrive. \"What are you doing out here? You know it's dangerous!\" Rosmunda shouts at her daughter. \"I'm sorry Mother,\" Ishild replies. The family leaves the guards and they resumed their duties. Rosmunda tucks her daughter into bed, \"Now go to sleep, no strolling around after dark. You were just chased by a wolf,\" she said. Ishild nods and her mother leaves her room. Ishild looks up at the ceiling, but she decides to take a peek out the window, again. She stares up at the stars, they shined so bright that they looked like jewels to Ishild. She then closes the window and goes to sleep. In the darkness of the forest, the wolf is hoisted onto a figure's back. The creature looks at the lights of the village, but it turns around and disappears. From the author: What do you think? Again, this is just a fictitious approach to the Alpine legend of Krampus. Please leave reviews![Chapter 2] Chapter 1 10 years later The Alpine landscape had changed with the seasons; snow blanketed the mountains, meadows, and the hills and the people of the Baemi tribe were cuddled in their fur coats. The flocks of sheep and the herds of horses and cows were locked up in the barns. Winter had arrived. Ishild, now age sixteen, had grown with beauty and agility. She was widely known as the 'Night Watcher' of the village as she developed a habit of going out at night and joining the guards to do night patrol. She was quick to spot anything unusual and she did spot a few wolves scurrying outside the village a few times. Ishild was also good with a sword and a bow. Her mother, Rosmunda died ten years ago after giving birth to Ishild's brother, Gerlach. Rosmunda's dying words to her daughter were, \"Ishild, everyone is born with a beautiful soul, but some are not beautiful in appearance. Show compassion to them.\" Ishild's father, Lord Gerhard raised his children and had them educated and be taught how to defend themselves. Gerlach, however, took the defense teachings too seriously and often fought with his sister and the other children of the village. Ishild felt that there was something wrong with her brother. He refused to apologize following a fight with her and he would grab a sword and threaten her with it. \"One day I will take over this village and you will be beneath me!\" Gerlach would say to her. \"You can't become chief, only the ruling chief's heir will take over,\" Ishild reminded him, but he was too stubborn to listen. \"I will be chief one day!\" Gerlach shouts all through the house. Their father was too busy to discipline his son and Ishild took in his brother's abuse. Ishild's mind was comforted by the wintry landscape as she admired the cold months. She was always dazzled by the moon's glow on the snow and the stars looked like shiny snowflakes. On this night, Ishild was doing patrol on her horse Willahelm. She takes in the beauty and the stillness of the night. It was awfully cold and Ishild cuddles up in her fur coat. \"Ishild, you should go and get some sleep, I'll keep an eye out,\" her friend, Adalhard said to her. \"I'm fine,\" she replied, but Adalhard shakes his head. Adalhard was the captain of the nighttime guard and a personal friend of Ishild's father and the chief of the Baemi tribe. He had black hair and brown eyes, but to Ishild, his eyes could warm up a gloomy day. \"Let me do one more run around of the village and I'll go home,\" Ishild adds. Adalhard nods and Ishild urges Willahelm to go. The horse and rider go to the meadow where she spotted a few deer digging in the snow for grass. Ishild knew that the villagers would appreciate a deer as the Feast of Saint Nicholas was fast approaching. She takes her bow, draws an arrow, and takes aim at a buck. Suddenly, the buck she was aiming at screeches as if it was afraid of something. Ishild has Willahelm move out of sight and she watches the deer. Just then, the deer run into the woods, but Ishild sees something unusual. It was difficult to see in the dark woods, but Ishild could see something attack one of the deer. Being curious, Ishild has Willahelm go into a gallop and they rush towards the woods. Willahelm, however, stops dead in his tracks, rears, and neighs. Ishild calms her horse, but her eyes stare at a pair of bright yellow eyes. The creature then turns and runs away into the darkness. \"Stop!\" Ishild shouts, but the creature was gone. She dismounts and investigates the scene. The glow of the moon helped her see better and she could see that the snow was stained with blood. She looks around and notices a pair of large hoof prints. They were cloven-hoof, much like a goat's, but they were of the hind legs. Ishild stares into the woods, but nothing appeared. \"Ishild!\" someone shouts and she turns to see the night guard trio coming towards her. She hides the blood and sweeps away the hoof-prints under the snow with her feet. Adalhard approaches her with a torch. \"What happened? We heard you shouting,\" he said. \"I was chasing a deer, but it got away. It was a foolish thing to do,\" Ishild lies. \"Don't be too harsh on yourself, the Feast of Saint Nicholas is a few weeks away. There's plenty of time,\" Adalhard replies and he has the other guards return to their posts. He mounts his horse and Ishild does the same. She then looks deep into the dark forest, but nothing appeared out of the ordinary. She waits, but still nothing. Ishild turns Willahelm around and they return to the village. A pair of yellow eyes take a peek out from behind a tree. The creature takes one last look at Ishild before she turns to leave. It remains still and keeps its eyes on her until she was gone. \"Beautiful,\" it says in a low whisper. It then hoists the deer it just killed onto its back and goes deep into the darkness. From the author: How's this for excitement? While in the film, Krampus does not speak, but rather howls and growls, so I decided long ago to make him speak like a human. Please leave reviews![Chapter 3] Chapter 2 Ishild rolls around in her bed, cuddling up tight with the furs she used as blankets. The fire in her fireplace died out, leaving only glowing embers. The cold creeps through the creaks of the windows and Ishild cuddles up even tighter. All through the remainder of the night, Ishild thought of the creature she saw; she could not get those eyes out of her head. Just then, she was aroused by a bell, and Ishild realizes that it was the alarm bell. She quickly dresses and hurries out of the house, her father was close behind her. \"My sheep! All my sheep!\" a farmer cries out on the steps of the gathering hall. \"Easy lad, what's happened?\" Adalhard asks the farmer and he leads everyone to the barn where many sheep were roaming around. \"Oh my heavens, look!\" someone exclaims and points to a splatter of blood on the ground. Ishild follows the blood trail and discovers the tangled carcass of a ewe. \"What kind of animal would do this?\" the farmer asks, \"I blotted the doors tight last night.\" Ishild looks at the wooden doors and discovers some claw marks. She counts four marks and looks down on the ground. There was no foot prints, which Ishild thought it was unusual. \"Look!\" someone shouts and Ishild and the others look at hoof-prints in the snow. \"Those are cloven, the Devil's been through here!\" a woman shrieks. \"Nonsense, those look too small, probably a deer,\" a man replies. \"We should scout around, see if we had any wolves come through here,\" Adalhard said to his guards. An idea comes to Ishild's mind; she wanted to find the creature she saw last night. She knew that finding the creature would satisfy her and maybe the village. She returns to her home to pack some food, prepares her bow and arrows, and goes to collect Willahelm. Ishild, with her horse, watch the men go, and wait for the opportunity to go on her own. \"Where are you going child?\" a feminine voice said from behind her. Ishild turns to see Oda, the local storyteller. She looked wise and curious. The old woman had aged gracefully than the other old folk in the village. \"I...uh...I thought I join the men from the rear,\" Ishild replies, but Oda pats her shoulder. \"You saw something last night and you wish to pursue it,\" the old woman said and Ishild looks at her with surprise, but she nods. \"I think it was the creature you mentioned in one of you stories,\" she said and Oda's face brightens. \"Is that so? Well, I will not keep you waiting from your quest,\" the old woman replies and Ishild looks at her. \"Oda, aren't you going to stop me?\" she asks, but Oda shakes her head. \"I believe this creature will not cause you trouble, but you must keep your wits up, there is one foul beast who wishes to stray you away from your quest,\" Oda warns the young woman. \"What?\" Ishild asks, \"What kind of a beast?\" \"A dark soul, no light in it. It knows no love,\" Oda replies and that was all she said. Ishild watches the old storyteller turn and leave. She then gets on Willahelm and urges him to go. Ishild, however, did feel troubled by Oda's words. Ishild returns to the forest where she found the blood and hoof-prints last night. She locates more hoof-prints leading deep into the woods and she has Willahelm follow them. Ishild and Willahelm trek through the forest, following the hoof-prints. To Ishild, these prints were too big to be a goat or even a deer and her heart pounds with every step. Then she hears something ahead of her, rushing water. Ishild stops Willahelm when she sees a river ahead of her and she walks toward the edge. The water was moving fast under the thin sheet of ice. The hoof-prints had stopped and Ishild had no idea where the creature could've gone. \"Do you think it jumped?\" she asks Willahelm, who snorts. \"I don't see any on the ice,\" she adds. Then, Willahelm's ears perk up and he begins to neigh. Ishild tries to calm him, but she knew what was going on inside the horse's head, he was sensing something close by. Ishild dares to look behind her and sees a couple of dark figures with glinting eyes. Ishild recognizes the shapes, they were wolves and she knew what it meant. Winter was a desperate time for all animals to find food and wolves were no exception. Ishild urges Willahelm to a gallop, she had to get out of the forest and quick. She has Willahelm follow the river as it might lead her to safety. The horse gallops at top speed, but the wolves were catching up to them. Ishild lightens the load by letting loose the food sack, but she kept her bow and arrows. The wolves stopped for a brief moment to look at the sack, but they resumed their pursuit. The horse kept on running, but Ishild urges him to stop. They came upon a waterfall and Ishild had no idea what to do. She had to save Willahelm, but she knew he would run fast enough without her on his back. She gets off of him and slaps his behind. Willahelm goes into a sprint and was gone. Ishild takes her bow and draws an arrow when she saw the first wolf. She fires and hits it in the shoulder. It whimpers, but it does not stop the others from walking towards Ishild while growling. She draws more arrows and fires them. More wolves were hit, but they keep on coming. Ishild then realizes that she was out of arrows and she swings her bow at the wolves. They back away, but suddenly, one jumps at Ishild. She is hit hard by the wolf, but then, she realizes that she was falling. Both Ishild and the wolf hit the cold water hard and the woman surfaces. She didn't see the wolf and she struggles to reach the shore, but then, a strong current takes her down. She was caught in the rapids and she was spiraling out of control. \"HELP!\" Ishild cries out before she is taken under by the current. She surfaces, again, but she sees a boulder up ahead and struggles to move. It was too late and Ishild hits the rock hard, knocking the wind out of her. Ishild became dizzy and the rapids slow down and became still. Ishild bobs through the water, she was losing consciousness. She looks up at the gray sky, the cold was paralyzing her body, and her limbs had lost function. Just then, she hears a splash and grunting noises, but Ishild's vision becomes black before she gets a look at her rescuer. The being takes the unconscious woman in its arms and returns to shore. It moves the hood of its cloak, revealing a hairy, human face that looked demonic. It then holds Ishild tight, keeping her warm, and they disappear into the woods as it begins to snow. From the author: Uh-oh, what's going to happen to Ishild? Find out next time![Chapter 4] Chapter 3 Ishild started to gain consciousness, but she felt her body enclosed by something. It was a bunch of furs from different animals, but she was shocked when she realized she was naked underneath. Ishild looks around the place; there was a fire roaring in one corner, but Ishild was awe-struck by the walls. They looked to be made of ice and she touches the wall by the bed, it was made of ice. Then, she hears something and turns to see tiny creatures wearing fur. She lets out a gasp, but one of the tiny beings, who had messy white hair says, \"Please don't be afraid, we will not hurt you.\" \"Who are you? And where are my clothes?\" Ishild demands and looks at the beings, \"Are you dwarfs?\" she asks. \"Yes miss, we are,\" one of them replies, \"And your clothes have been hung up to dry. You took a nasty tumble in the river.\" Just then, Ishild hears snorting noises and the clanking of hooves. \"He's here,\" the dwarf said. Ishild looks at the opening and a much larger creature appears. Ishild's heart pounds as she takes in the being's appearance. It was tall and covered in black hair, with cloven hooves for feet, and goat horns were on sides of its head. \"He will not hurt you, he saved your life,\" a dwarf with blonde hair said. It did little to stop Ishild's pounding heart as she looks into its beaming eyes. \"Are you all right?\" the creature asks, its voice was deep. \"I...how long was I out?\" Ishild asks. \"All morning and afternoon, its nearly dark outside,\" the creature answers and Ishild does her best to calm her beating heart. The creature's voice was so deep that it made Ishild shutter. \"Do not be afraid, Meinrad is a gentle soul, unless you taunt him,\" the blonde dwarf said. Ishild looks at the creature named Meinrad, \"You saved my life?\" she asks and he nods. \"Why were you pursuing me?\" he asks in return. Ishild looks at Meinrad with confusion, but she then remembers the dead ewe. \"Was it you that killed the farmer's sheep?\" she replies. \"I would never set foot in your village!\" Meinrad shouts and growls. Ishild scurries into a corner of the bed and the creature realizes what he did. \"I apologize, my temper can be...uncontrollable,\" he said and gives a bow of his head. \"No, I did not kill any sheep,\" he adds. \"Meinrad only hunts animals of the forest,\" the white-haired dwarf said. \"I didn't mean to make you upset. You see, someone or something killed a sheep in the village and the farmer claims to have shut the door tight,\" Ishild said to Meinrad. \"I did not kill any sheep,\" Meinrad replies, \"Perhaps it was someone else.\" Ishild notices the buck skin hanging on the wall and then remembers the night she saw Meinrad, \"So, it was you who scared off the deer that night?\" she asks. \"I didn't mean to,\" Meinrad answers and looks at her clothes that were hanging over the fire. \"These are dry,\" he said to Ishild and adds, \"I'll take you back to your village.\" \"Thank you, but I can find my way back,\" Ishild replies and the blonde dwarf gives her her clothes. \"It will be dangerous with all those wolves out there,\" the blonde dwarf said and Ishild sees her empty quiver. \"I will take you to the edge of the forest, then you can run through the meadow,\" Meinrad said and leaves the room. Ishild gets into her dry clothes and boots. \"Meinrad has never had human company,\" the white haired dwarf said to Ishild. \"What is this place?\" she asks the two dwarfs. \"This is where we live, well, Meinrad does, and we dwarfs have our own place,\" the blonde dwarf replies and adds, \"My name is Runa and this is my husband, Hartwig.\" \"I'm Ishild, please forgive me for asking this, but what kind of creature is Meinrad?\" Ishild asks the two. \"You have to ask him, we found him when he was a little baby. We took him in and raised him. He may look like a beast, but he's gentle as a child,\" Runa said and the two dwarfs show her the way out of the room. Ishild takes in the icy walls of the place and they enter a room where it was full of wood. The young woman looks at one and was astonished to see that it was a wood craving. It featured a detailed wolf in a sprint. She looks at more wood cravings and her head hits something. It was a little chandelier of colored glass. Ishild sees Meinrad in the entry, \"Did you make these?\" she asks him. \"I have,\" he answers. \"These are beautiful,\" Ishild comments and she notices Meinrad hiding his face under his hood. \"We must go, it will be dark soon,\" Meinrad insists and Ishild nods. Hartwig lights a torch and the four of them leave. Ishild realizes it was an ice cave when they were outside. Meinard leads Ishild through the forest in silence, but Runa insists that Ishild talk. \"Meinard, I...\" she stops, she really didn't want to ask him of what he was. \"What is it...? What is your name?\" he asks, looking at her with beaming eyes. \"I'm Ishild,\" she answers, \"I want to thank you for saving my life.\" Meinrad stops in his tracks and looks at her with a curious eye. \"Is there anything I can do to repay you?\" Ishild asks him. He points with a long claw at her bow, \"Can you teach me?\" he asks and Ishild looks at her bow. \"The bow? Yes, I can,\" she answers and they resume their walk. \"And one more thing,\" he said, \"Don't tell anyone of my existence. I am afraid of what they will think of me.\" Ishild knew what he was talking about; the villagers would rather hunt down something that looked hideous in appearance. \"I will not say a word about you,\" Ishild replies and Meinrad nods. They pass the river and came to the edge of the forest. They heard people shouting and the lights of torches were flickering. \"Thank you Meinrad, I can go from here,\" Ishild said and she leaves him and two dwarfs. \"You are welcome to come back any time,\" Hartwig informs her and she nods. She rushes out of the forest, runs across the meadow, and met with the many gazes of her friends and her father and her brother. \"Ishild! What happened to you?!\" her father, Gerhard cries out and holds her in his arms. \"Willahelm came back here without you,\" Adalhard said and Ishild sees her faithful companion tied up in his stall. \"A pack of wolves chased after us. I had to let Willahelm go, so he could escape. I managed to fight off the wolves,\" Ishild answers, keeping Meinrad secret. \"Ishild, you could've been killed, from now on, no hunting for this...creature,\" her father insists. \"Yes father,\" Ishild replies and she and her family head back to their house. Meinard had watched Ishild run towards her village, almost like deer sprinting towards safety. \"She sees me as a monster,\" he said to the two dwarfs. \"I don't think so, I know she will come back,\" Runa replies to Meinrad. The three turn around and disappear into the darkness. From the author: We finally meet the Krampus, what do you think? 'Meinrad' means in Ancient Germanic for 'strong counsel'. Stay tuned for more![Chapter 5] Chapter 4 Ishild could not sleep all through the night, instead she thought about Meinrad. His eyes beamed like the moon and Ishild could not get them out of her head. Meinrad did look like a monster, but he did not like one. He saved her life, a deed that Ishild felt grateful for. She tried to remember the stories she heard about the creature born with Devil features. Ishild decided to go meet Oda. She dresses in comfortable clothes and a fur coat and quietly creeps out of the hut. It was snowing lightly and wolves were howling in the distance. Ishild locates Oda's hut and sees a fire burning in the front room. \"Oda?\" she whispers. \"Speak up child, my hearing is not good,\" the old woman said and Ishild sees her. She was seated by the window, looking at the dark village. \"Oda, you told me stories about a creature with Delivish features,\" Ishild said to the old woman. \"Ah, so you did find him?\" Oda asks and Ishild stares at her. \"I...I rather not...\" she stutters, but Oda holds up a hand. \"Your secret is safe,\" the old woman replied. Ishild decides to speak about Meinrad, \"He saved my life. I thought monsters eat people.\" \"Oh, I don't believe that. Some beings are born with hideous features, but have a beautiful soul,\" Oda said to Ishild. \"I was wondering, does the creature have a name?\" Ishild asks the old woman. \"The Devil would give him a cruel name, I know for sure, but I just don't know what it is,\" Oda replies. \"Is there a devil?\" Ishild asks and Oda nods. \"Lucifer, the fallen angel. He was cast out of Heaven by God for many reasons, but mostly for being a cruel trickster. You best keep your eyes and ears open, he may sneak up on you,\" Oda said, but Ishild thought she was playing another joke. \"So my dear child,\" Oda adds, \"Your friend, he has a beautiful soul, but I see darkness coming for him in due time. He will change.\" Ishild was shocked to hear this. \"Will Lucifer come for Meinrad?\" she gasps. \"It is hard to say, Meinrad's future is foggy,\" Oda said and places a hand on Ishild's shoulder. \"Ishild, protect him,\" she adds. Ishild decides to leave Oda's hut and it was starting to snow more heavily. She turns and then stops when she sees a figure; it was small, but the darkness covered its features well. Ishild goes after it, \"Stop!\" she shouts, but the figure does not stop running. It runs into a lane where Ishild knew that it would be trapped. She turns the corner, but suddenly, she was hit by something hard. The object was hard as a rock and it knocks Ishild out cold. ()()()()()()()()()()()() \"Ishild?\" a voice said to the young woman. Ishild was slowly regaining consciousness, but she could tell that her father was beside her. She opens her eyes to see her father, Gerhard, her brother Gerlach, and Adalhard. \"What...what happened?\" she asks them. \"I found you unconscious, it seems that you knocked out by something,\" Adalhard answers. \"Ishild, what were you doing out there in the middle of the night?\" her father demands. She remembers visiting Oda and then seeing a mysterious figure and she went after it. \"I...I went to visit Oda,\" she begins, but her brother snorts. \"Why would you visit that crazy old lady?\" Gerlach asks in a rude tone. \"Gerlach, now's not the time,\" his father demands and turns to his daughter, \"Why Ishild?\" Ishild knew that if she spoke of Meinrad, he will be hunted down and perhaps killed. \"I wanted to ask her something, but she told me to wait until morning as she was asleep,\" she lies. \"Ask her what?\" Gerhard asks. \"About mother,\" Ishild immediately answers and hoped that her father would believe her. \"Well, you should've waited until light,\" Adalhard replies and asks, \"But what happened before you got knocked out?\" \"I saw a strange figure, I thought it was an intruder, so I gave chase. I got hit in the head and then blacked out,\" Ishild answers. \"We did find a rock close to you,\" Adalhard replies, \"Maybe this figure did not want to be followed. What did it look like?\" \"I couldn't tell, it was dark, and it looked to be covered in furs,\" Ishild answers and Adalhard scratches his beard. \"I'll some men do patrol around the village and the forest, but it might've gotten away,\" he said and he leaves the hut. \"Get some sleep Ishild and for Heaven's sake, don't go wandering after dark, it's not safe,\" Gerhard demands his daughter and Gerlach gives a grin, he assumed by his father's words. Ishild did not like the attitude her brother had; he always enjoyed their father's negative words to Ishild. Both her father and her brother leave her room. Ishild looks at her hand mirror to see that she received a bruise on her forehead. Ishild thought she was hit by a horse's hoof and it did hurt. She did wonder what Meinrad would think if he saw it. She puts away the mirror and finally succumbs to sleep. From the author: Just who is this mysterious figure? And will Ishild find it before something happens? Find out next time![Chapter 6] Chapter 5 The rays of dawn etched through the creaks of Ishild's window, but the young woman was already awake. She had prepared her arrows and her bow, she was planning on making a bow for Meinrad, once he got the hang of it. She puts on warm clothes, a fur coat, and covers her bruised forehead with a fur hat. Ishild quietly creeps out of the hut, making sure that her father and brother were still sleeping. The village was covered in a new sheet of snow and people were starting fires in the chimneys. Ishild saddles Willahelm and leaves the village. It was dreadfully cold and both Ishild's and Willahelm's breaths could be seen. The young woman gets on her horse and he trots into the forest. The forest floor was also covered in fresh snow and Ishild saw wolf paw prints. They were recent, so Ishild looks around, but no wolf in sight. Willahelm walks on, but Ishild's bruised head throbbed with every step. They go deeper into the forest, coming to the river, and that was when they see Runa and Hartwig. \"Ishild! We knew you would come back!\" Runa exclaims. Ishild dismounts and Willahelm begins to snort when the ground began to shake. Meinrad appears and the horse neighs, but Ishild calms him down. Meinrad looks at Willahelm and both horse and beast snort. Willahelm slams his hoof on the ground and Meinrad did the same. \"What are you doing?\" Ishild asks. \"He's never seen a horse up close before,\" Runa answers and Ishild looks at Meinrad. Willahelm neighs and Meinrad gives a roar. \"Meinrad! Be quiet!\" Hartwig demands as the roar was heard all around. The roar also frightened the horse and he backs away from the creature. Ishild calms him down and looks at Meinrad. At that moment, Meinrad points with a long finger at Ishild's forehead. \"Your head, what happened?\" he asks in a deep voice. Ishild did not cover the bruise properly. \"I slipped, it's all right,\" she lies, she was not sure what Meinrad would think if she told him about what happened. \"You slipped?\" Meinrad asks and Ishild nods. He breathes in something, Ishild was not sure why he did that, but she knew that he could smell a lie. \"The truth Ishild, tell me the truth,\" he demands, his voice was deeper now. Ishild takes a deep breath and answers, \"I was running after an intruder last night. He threw a rock at my head and knocked me out.\" Meinrad touches the bruise with a claw. \"Does it hurt?\" he asks and Ishild nods a little. \"Meinrad does not like bad people,\" Runa said to Ishild. Meinrad touches Ishild's forehead with the fleshly part of his finger and a chill goes down her spine. He then points to the arrows in Ishild's quiver. \"You kept your promise,\" he said and Ishild nods. \"Watch me first,\" she replies and pulls out an arrow. She sets her bow and pulls back on the arrow. She lets it loose and it hits a hole in a tree. Meinrad was amazed by this and points to the bow. Ishild gives him the bow, it was just the right size for him to hold, and he pulls back on the string. \"Not too hard,\" Ishild said and Meinrad loosens it. She gives him an arrow, but he had trouble arranging it. \"Here, like this,\" Ishild said, helping Meinrad with the arrow. \"Draw it back. Now, loose!\" she commands and Meinrad lets go of the arrow. It hits the ground and Meinrad frowns. \"Not bad,\" Ishild said and gives him another arrow. He shoots it and it hits close to the tree. \"You're getting it,\" Ishild comments and gives him another arrow. Meinrad fires the arrow and hits the bark of the tree. \"Very good,\" Runa said and Ishild nods. \"It takes time, but I say you're on the right track,\" she replies and arranges Meinrad's clawed hands on the bow. Ishild then looks over him, taking mental notes on his posture and hand arrangements. \"I think I can find a bow that is big enough for you,\" she said. Just then, they hear rustling noises. \"Get down!\" Hartwig demands and they lay down on the snowy ground. Ishild sees a buck with large antlers just a little further away from their position. She takes her bow and gets into position. The buck looks around and doesn't seem to notice them. Ishild takes out an arrow and pulls it back. Meinrad watches her breathe and looks into her blue eyes. She then lets it loose and it flies toward the buck. The arrow makes a through and through with the eyes and the buck falls down dead. Ishild and Meinrad walk up to the dead buck. Meinrad sniffs in the scent. \"You killed it,\" he said and points to the arrow, \"Through its eyes. How did you do that?\" he asks. \"It takes practice to kill an animal in the right spot, the head or the heart,\" Ishild replies and removes the arrow from the buck's eye. \"I must go, my father insisted that I not stay out here for too long,\" she adds and tries to move the buck, but it was heavy. Meinrad takes the buck into his arms and Ishild has him take it to Willahelm. She ties the buck's back legs with rope and attaches it to her saddle. \"Will you teach me to hunt with arrows?\" Meinrad asks and Ishild gets on her horse. \"Yes, but once you have mastered the bow first, then we'll hunt,\" she answers and Willahelm begins to walk. He dragged the buck behind him and the horse and rider were gone. \"I told you you can trust her,\" Runa said to Meinrad. Meinrad frowns and walks up to the tree where it still had an arrow. He takes it out and says to the two dwarfs, \"She is beautiful and skillful, but I'm just a-\" \"Don't you dare speak negatively about yourself,\" Hartwig demands and Meinrad goes silent. \"You're not a monster, you don't act like one,\" he adds and Meinrad nods. \"She will be back tomorrow, you'll see,\" Runa said and they turn around and head deep into the forest. ()()()()()()()()()()()()()() Ishild returns to the village just before midday and the people were astonished when they saw the big buck. \"Where did you find that?\" a woman asks. \"In the forest,\" Ishild simply answers, but then catches sight of her father and brother. \"Ishild! What did I say to you about going into the forest?!\" Gerhard shouts at his daughter. \"You didn't tell me anything about going into the forest. You told me not to go wandering after dark,\" Ishild reminds him. Gerhard looked taken-aback and doesn't say anything. However, Gerlach steps up to his sister, \"You don't take to father like that! You are so stupid Ishild!\" he shouts. \"Gerlach! Apologize to your sister!\" Gerhard demands, but Gerlach turns around and leaves. \"Father, there's something wrong with him,\" Ishild said. \"There's a dark aura surrounding him Lord Gerhard,\" a woman's voice said and Oda appears. \"Nonsense, he is not possessed by the Devil,\" Gerhard replies. \"The Devil is real, he is a cruel trickster,\" Oda warns Gerhard, but he doesn't pay attention to the old woman and he leaves. \"Be careful child,\" Oda said to Ishild, \"Your brother has a dark heart.\" Some of the people take the buck to the hut where they kept the meat. \"We're going to have a good banquet this year,\" someone said to Ishild. Ishild takes Willahelm to the stable and mucks out his stall. She was thinking about Oda's words about her brother. Ishild knew that her brother had a dark heart. She had a hard time believing that the Devil was possessing her brother, but it was possible. \"Lucifer, if you bring harm to my brother, I will hunt you down. Even if it takes an eternity,\" she vows to herself. Ishild finishes up in the stall and feeds Willahelm. The horse neighs at her, \"I swear Willahelm, I will find and take down this evil that is haunting our village. And I am sure Meinrad is not behind it all,\" Ishild said and leaves the stables. From the author: There is trouble brewing, but will Ishild find it before it takes over the village? Stay tuned for more![Chapter 7] Chapter 6 By the next day, Ishild locates the armory and looks through the bows. She had to find one that was big enough for Meinrad. She finds one made of pine and Ishild checks the strength of the string. It was strong and she takes the bow and a quiver of arrows. She then takes Willahelm and rides out to the forest, but she was stopped by Adalhard. \"Where are you going?\" he asks. \"Hunting,\" Ishild replies and Adalhard raises an eyebrow. \"Again? That buck seems to be enough for the feast,\" he said. \"I just like going hunting,\" Ishild adds, but Adalhard didn't believe her. \"I think you should skip the hunting today,\" he said, but Ishild shakes her head furiously. \"Ishild, your father is worried about you. You keep disappearing every day and you skip out on night patrol. What is going on? You're hiding something,\" he adds. \"I am not hiding anything,\" Ishild answers and gives her horse a kick and he trots off. Adalhard keeps his eyes on Ishild and she was gone. He begins to think and goes to collect his horse and he follows Willahelm's hoof prints. Ishild comes to the same spot as yesterday, but Meinrad and the dwarfs were nowhere to be seen. \"Meinrad? Where are you?\" she calls out. \"Hush!\" a voice bellows and Ishild falls backward onto her buttocks. Then, something comes toward her, but it was under the snow. Ishild froze on the spot and Willahelm neighs. Then, a roar breaks the silence, \"Helmold!\" Meinrad appears and stands in front of Ishild. The creature pops up from under the snow, it was a dwarf with red hair, and he jumps up and down. \"That was fun!\" the dwarf, Helmold exclaims, but Runa rushes up to him and slaps him. \"You scared Ishild! That is bad! Shame on you!\" she shouts and Helmold frowns. Meinrad turns to face Ishild and held out a claw. She takes it and he raises her to her feet. \"You must forgive Helmold, he is a trickster,\" Meinrad said and Ishild nods. He then notices the bow and points to it. \"That one is for you, it's a present,\" Ishild said and gives both the bow and arrows to Meinrad. He takes them and draws an arrow. He aims at a hole in a tree and fires. The arrow hits its target and Ishild applauds. \"Well done!\" she comments, but Meinrad silences her. He points to something a little further away, but Ishild had trouble finding it. Then, she sees it; a wild pig, it was sniffing the ground for something. It didn't notice them and it keeps moving. Meinrad hides behind a tree, with Ishild close behind him. Meinrad stares at the pig and draws an arrow. Then, a twig snaps and the pig hears it and runs away. \"No!\" Meinrad shouts, but Ishild silences him. \"Over there,\" she whispers and points to a badger, just beyond their reach. Meinrad draws back his arrow and lets the arrow loose. The arrow hits the badger in the head and it falls over. \"Amazing!\" Ishild said and Meinrad goes to collect the badger. \"I think Meinrad has mastered the bow, don't you think so Ishild?\" Hartwig asks and the young woman nods. \"Once he catches a big buck then he will be the master,\" Helmold replies, but everyone stares at him with disgust. Meinrad shows the badger to Ishild and she carefully removes the arrow from its head. \"I will skin its fur for you, it will be your present,\" the tall creature said to her. \"Thank you,\" she replies and adds, \"I have an idea, we should have our own feast on St. Nicolas day.\" \"A feast! What a splendid idea!\" Runa exclaims and the two other dwarfs nod in agreement. Then, Meinrad sniffs the air, and Ishild knew that there was an intruder nearby. Ishild then realizes that might be Adalhard as he was suspicious about her. \"Stay here! And stay down!\" she commands and Meinrad obeys. He and the three dwarfs hide while Ishild collects Willahelm and walks away from them. \"Ishild!\" she hears Adalhard's voice, but there was something off about the tone. He sounded like he was in danger and Ishild gets on Willahelm and gives him a kick and the horse gallops off. To her horror, Adalhard was fighting with the wild pig and it was biting on his arm. He cries out in pain and Ishild sets her bow, draws an arrow, and fires. The arrow hits the boar in the back of the head and it cries out in surprise. It did not die, instead it looks at Ishild with fire in its eyes, and it charges at her. Willahelm rears and neighs at the boar. The wild pig squeals, but it doesn't run away. Suddenly, the boar charges at the horse, and chomps its teeth into Willahelm's leg. The horse wails in pain and Ishild fires another arrow, hitting the boar in the eye. The boar backs away and then falls on its side and dies. \"Ishild,\" Adalhard said and she looks at him. He was covered in blood and Ishild examines his wounds. She feared that his arm was broken and that was when he passes out. \"Ishild!\" Meinrad calls out and she turns to see him coming toward her with the dwarfs. \"Oh no, he's hurt really bad,\" Runa said when she sees Adalhard's wounds. \"I have to take him back to the village,\" Ishild replies and turns to Meinrad, \"Help me get him-\" she stops when she notices Willahelm limping. Hartwig examines the horse, \"That boar chomped down on his leg really hard. I don't know if he can make it back to your village,\" the dwarf said. Ishild comes to Willahelm's side and sees the damage on his leg. \"What can I do? Both of them will die if I don't get help,\" Ishild pleads and hides her tears. Meinrad knew Ishild was afraid of losing both horse and her human companion. \"We need to see the healing dwarf,\" he said to Hartwig and Runa. Both dwarfs nod and Meinrad takes Adalhard onto his back. \"She will want payment,\" Helmold said and Meinrad points to the dead boar. The three dwarfs drag the animal across the snow, following Meinrad, and Ishild also follows behind with Willahelm. From the author: Oh no! Poor Adalhard and Willahelm. Will they make it? Find out next time![Chapter 8] Chapter 7 Ishild, Meinrad, and the dwarfs had walked through the thick forest and the sun was in the middle of the sky. Meinrad had carried Adalhard all the way through the woods and Ishild had to balance Willahelm as he limped on his bad leg. Ishild then sees the trees thinning out and up ahead was a waterfall, but it was covered in ice. \"What is this place?\" she asks Meinrad. \"This is where Eydis, the healing dwarf lives,\" he answers and points to a hut. It looked to be made of ice instead of wood. \"Eydis! Are you in there?\" Hartwig shouts at the front door. There was no answer and Hartwig yells, \"Hello?!\" \"Not so loud!\" a feminine voice answers, \"I am here.\" Then, a dwarf with gray hair appeared. She wore many beads and bells around her neck. \"Ah, Meinrad, good to see you.\" Ishild steps forward and Eydis notices her. \"So this is the girl you mentioned. My, my, she's beautiful,\" the dwarf said. Ishild takes a deep breath and comes down to the dwarf's level. \"Please, I need your help,\" Ishild pleads and shows Eydis the horse and Adalhard. \"Dear, oh dear,\" Eydis said, examining the wounds on Willahelm and Adalhard. \"Was it a wild boar?\" she asks them. \"Yes, how do you know?\" Ishild asks and Eydis points to the dead boar that the other dwarfs were dragging. \"And I believe that boar is payment,\" Eydis said and Meinrad nods. \"Let me see what I have,\" she adds and returns to her hut. There was the sound of clattering items and Eydis shouts, \"Girl, get in here please!\" Ishild looks at Meinrad, who insists that she go into the hut. Ishild obeys and enters in the tiny hut where there were many herbs and plants as well as many knick-knacks. \"Come here child, I need your help,\" Eydia said to her and points to something on a high shelf. \"Can you reach that?\" she asks and Ishild looks up to see some birch branches. Ishild takes them down and Eydis takes a branch and strips it of its skin. She puts it into a cauldron where it boils and Eydis adds some herbs to it. \"You might want to shut your eyes,\" she warns and Ishild obeys. Just then, there was an explosion and outside, Meinrad falls onto his back and snorts. Eydis pours the contents into a vial and hands it over to Ishild. \"Pour this over your horse's wounds and they'll heal quite nicely,\" the dwarf commands. \"But what about Adalhard?\" Ishild asks. \"I rather not waste my magic on a human. Besides, your friend would be very suspicious of how his wounds healed up. I think your village will tend to him,\" Eydis replies. Ishild takes the vial and walks over to Willahelm. The horse began to panic when he saw the strange vial and Ishild turns to Meinrad, \"Can you gently hold him?\" she asks. Meinrad nods and embraces the horse with his arms and claws. Ishild pours some of the potion on the wounds and Willahelm begins to neigh as if in pain. Ishild watches as the bite wounds began to close up, but Willahelm screams. \"What's the matter with him?\" Hartwig asks. \"The healing process is a bit of a painful one,\" Eydis replies and then the horse begins to calm down. The wound heals completely and Willahelm stands on his four feet. Ishild checks out her horse and sees that he is in good spirits. \"Thank you Eydis,\" Ishild said to the dwarf and she nods. \"I think we need to take Ishild back to the village, it will be dark by the time we get there,\" Runa said to everyone and Ishild looks up at sky. It was indeed the afternoon and it would take them half the day to get back. \"Let's not waste time,\" Meinrad replies to the group. Ishild has him place Adalhard, who was still unconscious on Willahelm's back and they start the journey back. \"Take care Ishild, I hope to see you, again,\" Eydis said from afar. Meinrad took the front and occasionally looks back at Ishild. \"Is something wrong, Meinrad?\" she asks him. \"Nothing is wrong,\" he answers, but Ishild does not believe him. Runa and Hartwig insist that he talk to her. \"Ishild, why do you come back to see me?\" Meinrad finally asks. \"You saved my life and I am forever grateful for that. Therefore, I wanted to repay you,\" Ishild answers, but Meinrad stops and shows her his demonic face. \"But are you afraid of this?\" he asks and Ishild shakes her head. \"My mother told me that everyone is born with a beautiful soul, but some are not beautiful in appearance. I honestly think some beautiful people are born with arrogance,\" Ishild explains and adds, \"You, Meinrad have one.\" Runa and Hartwig nod in agreement. \"See Meinrad, there are some people in this world who don't judge others by their appearance,\" Runa said to the goat-like creature. Meinrad stops and Ishild notices his eyes were full of fury. \"I wish my mother did not judge me! Or my father!\" he shouts, angrily. He then tears through the snow and the grass underneath it. He roars and scratches the bark of some trees. Ishild could not take it anymore and she jumps on him, embracing him. \"Don't! Don't let the hatred consume you!\" she pleads. Meinrad stops raging, but his breathing was still labored. \"I don't think you are a monster,\" Ishild said to him, \"But when you unleash your fury like that, then others will say you are.\" Ishild holds him tight and gently caresses his cheek, calming him down. \"Thank you Ishild,\" he said and stands up to his feet. They resume their journey back and they finally made it to the edge of the forest. The sun was setting and Adalhard began to moan. \"He's waking up, I better get some help for his injuries. Thank you for everything today,\" Ishild said to Meinrad and the three dwarfs. She turns to go, but Meinrad speaks, \"You can come back whenever you like.\" \"I will Meinrad,\" Ishild replies and hurries out of the forest, taking Willahelm by the rein. Meinrad watches her go and he hears her shout, \"Help! Someone help! Adalhard's been injured!\" The village guards see her and their captain. Adalhard was taken off of Willahelm and someone examines his arm. \"How did this happen?\" a guard asks. \"A wild boar, I chased it away,\" Ishild answers and the guards take their captain to a hut where he received medical attention. Ishild sees her father and brother, they looked angry. She knew that she was going to receive an angry lecture from her father and she decides to be brave. Ishild takes Willahelm to the sable, where she unsaddles him and feeds him. The horse neighs at her and Ishild replies, \"I have to Willahelm, but I hope father will not punish me too severely.\" Ishild leaves the stable and goes to her hut, where she was surprised to see the chief. \"Chief Randulf, what are you doing here?\" Ishild asks, although she suspected that her father brought him. \"Ishild, your father tells me that something is amiss with you,\" the chief replies and Ishild's stomach drops. She had to think of something to protect Meinrad. \"Come, we wish to speak with you,\" her father, Lord Gerhard commands and she enters the hut. From the author: Uh-oh, what could this mean? Find out in the next chapter coming up![Chapter 9] Chapter 8 Ishild took a seat across from her father and Chief Randulf. She takes a deep breath and waits for one of them to speak. \"Ishild, your father is concerned about you. From what he has told me, you disappear into the forest and you are there all day. Why, from what I heard, one of the guards said you made off with two bows today, your own and a spare, but you came back with one,\" Chief Randulf said to her. \"Ishild, I just want to know what is going on,\" Gerhard said to his daughter. Ishild does not speak, she could not think of a way to get out of this. \"The village is grateful for that buck you brought back, everyone will be merry on St. Nicholas day,\" Chief Randulf said to her. Ishild then had an idea and she speaks, \"I just love the forest, especially in the winter time. It's so peaceful and quiet. I just love to be there and not have to worry about anything.\" \"Well Ishild, you do have responsibilities here. You are part of night patrol and you have not joined them in days,\" Lord Gerhard said, but Chief Randulf just chuckles. \"Oh, leave her be Gerhard, if she wants to be in the forest then let her. She is good with her bow and I do admire her spirit,\" the chief replies and Ishild smiles at him. \"Plus, I do need someone to do patrol in the forest, there have been strange things going on,\" he adds. \"Like what?\" Ishild asks, curiously. \"Apart from your sightning of an intruder and the farmer's dead ewe, the people are telling me that someone has been leaving things outside of their huts,\" Chief Randulf answers and adds, \"Like a severed leg of a deer or there have been trails of blood leading out of the village.\" \"Blood?\" Ishild asks, again. \"Yes, and just last night around midnight I believe, the guards said they chased away a bear that came too close to our village. I have never seen a bear come close to our village,\" Chief Randulf said to Ishild. \"But I don't understand, do bears hibernate in winter?\" Gerhard asks the chief. \"I wish I had an answer for that, but I think this one doesn't,\" the chief answers and looks to Ishild, \"So, you have my permission to scout the forest to your heart's content, I do believe it will do us some good if you find whoever is responsible for these strange happenings.\" Just then, Gerlach came in, his face was full of fury. \"Wait a minute, you're just letting her do whatever she wants?!\" he bellows at the chief. \"Gerlach, keep your voice down,\" his father demands, but his son doesn't listen. \"When I am chief, I'm going to lock her up!\" Gerlach shouts and points at her sister. Ishild's stomach drops; how could her brother say something like that? \"Gerlach, you can't become chief, Chief Randulf has a son and he will take over when his father passes,\" Ishild said to him, but her brother doesn't listen and leaves the room. \"Chief, I'm sorry,\" Gerhard said to his friend. Chief Randulf, however, did not accept Gerhard's apology. \"Your son is a hateful creature,\" he said to Gerhard, \"If he shows me disrespect, especially towards your daughter, again, I will have him banished from this village.\" \"Oh, chief! Please! Don't send him away!\" Gerhard pleads with him. \"I have been speaking to Oda and she says Gerlach has a dark soul, and I have to agree with her,\" Chief Randulf said to him. \"Oh, that crazy old lady!\" Gerhard mumbles under his breath. Chief Randulf stands up to leave and Ishild helps him to the door. \"Chief, do you really think my brother is possessed by the Devil?\" she whispers to him. \"There is no doubt in my mind and I am sorry for you as you deal with him every day. Plus your father does not displine him,\" Chief Randulf said to her. He then looks at her with his gray eyes. \"Why don't you come to dinner tomorrow? Just you Ishild, I do want to hear what's been going on in the forest and my son would appreciate it,\" Chief Randulf asks her. \"I accept your invitation, chief, I will be there before sunset,\" Ishild answers him and he chuckles. Chief Randulf then gets on his horse and leaves. Ishild shivers as it had gotten really cold. She shuts the door and retires to her bedroom. \"What was that you said to the chief?\" she heard her father ask and she turns to see him. \"He invited me to dinner,\" she answers and a look of delight forms on his face. \"You must find your best dress, none of those furs will do,\" Gerhard said and then Gerlach comes in. \"Why did he invite you?! You're a girl!\" Gerlach snaps. \"What's wrong with being a girl?\" Ishild asks and adds, \"Gerlach, why do you hate me? What did I ever do to you?\" \"Everything!\" Gerlach shouts at her and leaves. Gerhard does not speak and instead, he leaves his daughter's room. Ishild felt hurt by her brother's words, but she still did not understand why Gerlach hated her. If he was possessed by the Devil, then she had to find a way to free him. Ishild opens her window, gazing up at the starry night, and she says in a whisper, \"Mother, if you are with God, see if you can help Gerlach find some light in his soul.\" She then shuts the window and cuddles up in her fur blankets. Tomorrow was going to be an exciting day, she felt it in her gut. From the author: Gerlach is bad news, will he find some light? Find out later![Chapter 10] Chapter 9 When morning came, Ishild got out of bed and stretches. She then shivers as it was cold in her room. She was about to dress in warm furs when the warning bell's ringing echoed throughout the village. \"Now what?\" Ishild asks herself and hurries out of the hut. The people were gathering by someone's hut and Ishild struggles to get up to the front. \"Look!\" a woman shrieks and points to something that was dangling on the front door. Ishild looks at it closely and realizes that it was a paw that may have been belonged to a baby bear. \"What in Heaven's name is going on?!\" the woman's husband shouts and comforts his wife. Ishild looks down and sees that someone or something had erased their footprints in the snow. \"The Devil is taunting us! He is playing cruel tricks with us!\" someone calls out and the people begin to cry out at once. \"Enough!\" Ishild shouts over the crowd and everyone looks at her. \"Now, just calm down, and look here. Someone erased their prints. Now I think we are dealing with someone, one of our own who is playing cruel tricks on us,\" Ishild adds and the villagers began to chant among themselves. \"What I heard from the chief, a bear came to this village one night. Now, I have reason to believe that it was a mother bear looking for her cub. See how small this paw is?\" Ishild asks and the villagers look at the paw. \"It is easy to kill a cub than a full grown bear,\" a man said to the crowd. \"But who would kill a bear cub?\" another man asks. \"As Ishild said, one of us must be doing these terrible things,\" a woman replies and the villagers begin to talk among themselves. Ishild had no idea, she wanted to go and meet Meinrad before the day was out. \"I believe the chief would be wise enough to inform you in what you should do,\" she said and several of the villagers march towards the chief's big hut. Ishild returns to her hut and takes her quiver full of arrows and her bow. She saddles Willahelm and he gallops towards the forest as the winter sun shines ever so bright. She finds Meinrad and the dwarfs by the river as they were hunting for any animals coming for a drink. \"Ishild!\" Runa calls out. Meinrad looks up to see Ishild and gives a slight bow. \"Meinrad, I have something to ask you,\" she said to him. \"Ask me,\" he replies. \"Have you ever seen anything suspicious? Like a person other than me?\" Ishild asks him. Meinrad shakes his head and answers, \"The only person I have seen is you. Why do you ask?\" \"This morning, a baby bear's paw was found hung outside a family's hut,\" Ishild replies and the creature snorts. \"And some nights ago, a mother bear came to our village. I suspect she was finding her cub,\" Ishild adds. \"Wait, I have seen the bear,\" Meinrad said and Ishild's eyes widened. \"She was crying and my heart ached inside for some reason. I thought her cub was dead, killed by a man's hand,\" he adds. \"Well, I believe someone did kill the cub as it is easy to kill a baby bear then a full grown bear,\" Ishild said. \"Meinrad has killed a bear before,\" Helmold said to her. Meinrad turns around to face him and snorts at him. \"Where did the mother bear go?\" Ishild asks Meinrad. He points across the river and gestures to her to get on his back. \"What are you doing?\" she asks him, again. \"Please, trust me,\" he urges her and she climbs on to his back and grabs his horns tight. Then, Meinrad takes a big leap across the river and lands safely on the snowy ground. \"Where did you learn to do that?\" Ishild asks, her heart pounding. He just chuckles and lets her off. They turn to face the dwarfs and Willahelm, who were on the other side. \"It's all right Willahelm, I will not take long,\" she calls to her horse. The two turn and walk towards the direction Meinrad saw the bear. They found the bear's paw prints and they follow them. Some time later, Ishild spots something on the ground, a knife buried under the snow. It was covered in blood and Ishild shows it to Meinrad. He points to something in the distance. It took a long time for Ishild to register what it was, but when her mind told her what it was, her heart stopped. \"It's the bear,\" she whispers and Meinrad gestures her to get on his back, again. Then, they hear the bear roar and Meinrad goes into a run, with Ishild holding on to his horns. The bear was quick and she caught up to them. Ishild takes out an arrow and fires, hitting the bear in the shoulder. The bear did not stop and instead, bites her fangs into Meinrad's arm. He wails in pain, but continues running. Before the bear bit into Meinrad, again, Ishild kicks her in the nose and that slows her down. Then, Ishild realizes that she was holding the blood-covered knife and it hit her, it was the baby bear's blood and its mother was smelling her cub. \"Hold on!\" Meinrad shouts to Ishild as they saw the river. Meinrad takes a giant leap, but that caused Ishild to lose her grip on the knife and it falls into the river. They landed on the other side and the bear stops in her tracks. She roars at them, but it sounded more like crying. Ishild looks into the water, but she knew that the knife was gone. \"Damn!\" she says to herself, but then sees Meinrad's injured arm. \"Does it hurt?\" she asks him. \"Only a little, I don't think it's serious,\" he answers and Ishild tares off his sleeve. She then applies some snow to the wounds and Meinrad winces. When the bleeding stopped, Ishild tares off some of her own sleeve and wraps up his arm. \"Why are you being so...so...\" Meinrad tries to think of a word. \"My mother said I must always show compassion to others,\" Ishild answers and rubs his hairy arm. \"Thank you,\" Meinrad said and then, the dwarfs and Willahelm arrive. \"What happened?\" Runa asks, but then sees the bear disappearing into the woods on the other side. They gather themselves and head back in the direction of Ishild's village. They stop when they reached the edge of the forest and the day was almost half-way done. \"Meinrad, I want to thank you for saving my life, again,\" Ishild said to him. He shows his arm that she wrapped up, \"And I thank you for this,\" he replies and adds, \"I know why the mother bear was chasing us.\" \"So do I, someone killed her cub with that knife and its blood was on it,\" Ishild said and Meinrad notices the missing knife. \"What happened to it?\" he asks and Ishild explains what had happened when they escaped from the bear. \"I'm sorry, it's particularly my fault,\" he said. \"Don't blame yourself too much,\" Ishild replies. \"Do you think we'll find this person who is responsible for all this mess?\" Hartwig asks the two. \"If he is residing in my village, then yes we will find him,\" Ishild answers and gets on Willahelm. \"Be careful Ishild,\" Meinrad warns her and she nods. Willahelm then goes into a trot and the horse and rider return to the village. \"Oh Meinrad, you like her,\" Helmold teases the gentle giant. Meinrad snorts at him, but does not yell at him. \"It's true Helmold, Ishild is the only human being that has shown me compassion and kindness,\" Meinrad replies and Helmold looks at him in surprise. \"Why don't you tell her how you feel?\" Runa asks. \"What if...what if she rejects me?\" Meinrad asks in return. \"I don't think so, as you said, she has shown you compassion and kindness,\" Runa replies, but Meinrad does not say a word. They then turn around and walk into the forest, just as the wind began to blow and made the trees sway. From the author: Well, seems that Meinrad has a lot on his mind, but will he admit his feelings to Ishild? We'll just have to wait and see. Please leave reviews![Chapter 11] Chapter 10 Ishild returned to her hut in order to prepare herself for dinner with Chief Randulf and his family. She really did not want to go, but she knew that her father would want her to impress the chief. She pulled out a green dress with decorative patterns along the sleeves and ties her hair in a braided bun. She then puts on a necklace that belonged to her mother. \"Do you want to escort you to the chief's hut?\" Gerhard asks her daughter, but she shakes her head. She puts on her fur coat and leaves her family hut. The village was lit with torches and the guards were doing their patrol. Ishild notices Adalhard with a few of his men. Adalhard's injured arm was in a make-shift sling made of cloth. \"Adalhard, are you all right?\" Ishild asks him. \"I am well, it hurts once in a while, but I want you to remind me, I was attacked by a wild boar right?\" Adalhard asks in return. \"That is right and then you passed out,\" Ishild answers and Adalhard nods. He lets her go and she walks toward the chief's enormous hut where it was much elaborate then the other huts. Many guards were patrolling outside and some pine branches were hanging off of the doors. It was custom for the village to hang green pine branches in preparation for the feast of Saint Nicolas. Ishild enters the chief's hut where she smelled the scent of spices and other smells of food being cooked. \"Ah, Ishild, welcome!\" a feminine voice said and Ishild turns to see the chief's wife, Hildegard. Like her husband, Hildegard had gray hair, but had lovely emerald green eyes. \"Let Helga take your coat,\" Hildegard said and her maid takes Ishild's fur coat. \"Come, come,\" the chief's wife insists and Ishild follows her to the great room, where Chief Randulf and two boys and two girls were sitted at a table. Ishild looks them over, the children had dark brown hair, brown eyes, and their skin was a bit lighter than her own. The youngest, a girl looked to be in her early teens. \"Ishild, these are our children; Amalric our oldest son, Giltbert, Romilda, and Signy,\" Chief Randulf introduces his offspring to her. The chief's children give slight bows to Ishild and she bows back. She then takes a seat next to the chief as a roasted pig was brought in, along with some bread and other foods. Their cups were filled with wine. \"Eat to your heart's content,\" Hildegard said to Ishild. She looks at the food, but she wasn't feeling hungry at all. \"So Ishild, tell us, what did you come across while in the forest,\" Chief Randulf said and the young woman takes a sip of wine. \"Well, on the first adventure, I had the misfortune to be chased by wolves,\" Ishild begins and the girls, Romilda and Signy ooed. \"Was it scary?\" Giltbert asks her. \"The only thing you must know about the forest, do not show any fear. I fought them off, but I ran out of arrows,\" Ishild continues and they gasp. \"What did you do?\" Signy asks. \"I hit them with my bow until they got the message and they ran away,\" Ishild said, keeping Meinrad out of the conversation. \"I am too afraid to go into the forest,\" Romilda said to her. \"Oh, the forest is beautiful, especially in the winter time with the snow covering the ground and the wind blowing through the trees. I love winter, I always have,\" Ishild replies and the family chuckles. \"Well, you are a good hunter,\" Amalric said, but his father laughs out loud. \"Good? Is that all you can say, boy? Taking down a full grown buck, you call that 'good'?\" Chief Randulf asks hid oldest son. Ishild hides a smile, but then, Hildegard asks, \"Ishild, did you know that your mother and I were good friends?\" \"She was good friends with everyone,\" her husband replies, \"Tis a shame she is no longer with us.\" \"I wish she was still here,\" Ishild said, truthfully. Hildegard clears her throat and looks at Ishild. \"We are worried about you living with that father and brother of yours,\" she said and Ishild was taken a-back. \"Ishild,\" Chief Randulf said and she looks at him. \"My wife and I thought that maybe you come and live here with us,\" he explains. \"What?\" Ishild asks in shock. \"Gerhard pays no mind to either you and that hateful son of his. That Gerlach is another story; I have spoken to Oda and she suspects that Lucifer has consumed his heart and filled with hate,\" Chief Randulf explains to her. Ishild looks at him and her heart begins to thump hard against her chest. \"And I have been thinking of banning them from this village. You see, your father is up to something, and I suspect he wants to do away with me and my family. With us gone, that son of his will rule this village with an iron fist,\" Chief Randulf explains to her. \"But...what gave you that impression?\" Ishild asks. \"My spies, including Adalhard. I am sorry Ishild, your father has grown...unstable since your mother died. We wish to adopt you and you can live here in safety. Your family will have to fend for themselves,\" Chief Randulf said to her. He then points to his oldest son, Amalric. \"We thought you would be a good match for our son,\" Hildegard said, cheerfully. Ishild could not believe it; the chief and his family were planning to do away with her family and make her a wife to a man she barely knew. \"Chief Randulf,\" Ishild said and stands up on her feet. \"With all due respect, I must decline the proposal to marry your son. And please, do not banish my family,\" she pleads. Ishild knew that the village was surrounded by tense forest and there was the possibility that her father and brother would come across Meinrad or the dwarves. She did not want him be subjected to being called a monster or the Devil's child. \"Ishild, we want to protect you,\" Hildegard said, but the young woman shakes her head. \"I must go,\" Ishild replies and leaves the great room in hast. She grabs her fur coat from Helga and runs out of the chief's hut. It had started to snow and Ishild looks down on the ground. She sees some small-size prints that appeared recent and her heart stops. She knew that her brother had spied on her and she hurries home. To her horror, her father was waiting for her. \"Ishild, get in here, now,\" Gerhard orders. Ishild did not want to obey, but she does and shuts the door. Suddenly, someone pushes her from behind and she falls to the floor. She looks to see her brother towering over her. \"After all I have done for you and this is how you repay us,\" Gerhard said to his daughter. \"Father, please, I don't-\" \"Silence!\" her father shouts at her. Ishild notices that a grin formed on her brother's face. \"What should we do?\" Gerlach asks his father. Gerhard appeared to be thinking, \"We can't do away with her, we will be executed for sure. Let's lock her until I can think of something,\" he said and grabs her daughter by the hair. \"Let go of me!\" Ishild cries, but she was silenced when her brother slaps her. \"I wanted to do that for a long time,\" Gerlach said and pushes her from behind. They take her to the top floor where they kept bunches of dried flowers. \"Stop it! Please!\" Ishild pleads with them, but they ignore her. She struggles with her father, but then, Gerlach bites her arm. She cries out in pain, but Gerhard places a hand over her mouth. He shoves Ishild into the room and says, \"Make one sound and I will kill you.\" He shuts the door and locks it. Ishild pounds on the door for a short time, but she then stops. It was no use as she was trapped and there was no way out, not even a window can help her escape. The room was cold like the weather outside and she cuddles up tight in her fur coat. She looks at the bite she received from Gerlach, it was not bleeding, but it hurt. Ishild goes to a corner where the chimney's spout was. It was warm and Ishild sits beside it. She begins to pray that someone had heard her cries and bring help. Chief Randulf was right, her father had grown unstable and her brother was pure evil. Lucifer had consumed them both. Ishild begins to cry, she was afraid of what will happen to her, but she was mostly afraid of what will happen to Meinrad. \"Mother, please protect him,\" she prays and cries herself to sleep. Outside of Ishild's hut, in a snowmound, Helmold had heard the whole ordeal. \"Lock her up will you?\" he asks and a grin forms on his face. Helmold quickly digs through the snow, heading out of the village, and into the forest. He will be back with help. From the author: Poor Ishild! Will Helmold bring help in time? Find out later![Chapter 12] Chapter 11 Ishild was not sure how long she was asleep, but she was awakened by noises. They were coming from above her on the roof. They sounded like hooves and that's when she realized who it was. \"Meinrad!\" she whispers through a hole and the hooves walk over to her spot. A pair of beaming yellow eyes peer into the hole and Ishild's heart thumps louder than ever. \"Ishild, are you all right?\" he asks. \"You shouldn't have come, the villagers will kill you if they see you,\" Ishild whispers to him. Meinrad looks around, he sees the lights of torches wandering around the village and he breathes steadily. \"I am not going anywhere without you,\" he whispers back and asks, \"How can I get you out?\" \"My father has the key and he doesn't sleep at all,\" Ishild replies and then slips two fingers through the hole. \"Can you make this hole bigger? Just try not to make too much noise,\" she adds and Meinrad begins to break the wooden roof apart, piece by piece. After awhile, the hole was big enough for Ishild to slip through with the help from Meinrad. She then pulls him down when a light from a torch was close to them. Once the guard was gone, Ishild looks at the forest just beyond the village. \"Can you make it that far?\" she asks in a whisper. \"I'll try,\" he answers and gestures her to get on his back. Ishild holds on to his horns as Meinrad steps backwards and then, he jumps in one giant leap across the rooftops of the huts, passing the moon above them. Meinrad lands hard on the ground, just within reach of the forest and he dashes off into a run with Ishild still on his back. She then sees a light from a torch just beyond them. Ishild then sees the dwarfs and Meinrad stops. Ishild gets off of him and says, \"You were crazy for coming, what if a guard saw you? You'll lose your head or something worse than that.\" \"I don't care about that,\" Meinrad replies and his breath was seen as he snorts. \"Tell me, what happened? Helmold told me you were locked up,\" he asks and Ishild looks at the ground. \"Ishild, please, tell us,\" Runa said to her. The young woman presses her fingers to her eyes, trying to control the tears from coming down. \"The chief was planning to banish my father and brother because he suspected that they were going to assassinate him and his family. He also planned on marrying me to his oldest son. I barely know any of the chief's family,\" Ishild explains and Meinrad's heart filled with anger. He was angry at the chief for wanting to marry off Ishild to someone she barely knew. \"And your family locked you up?\" Hartwig asks and Ishild nods and fresh tears flow down her cheeks. \"My brother hates me, I wish I knew why, but there is something wrong with him. My father barely pays attention to us, but he is a scheming fool,\" Ishild said to them. \"Why is your father a scheming fool?\" Helmold asks, it was out of curiosity. \"Oh, you idiot, don't you get it? Her father probably wanted to install both his children into the chief's household,\" Runa said to the dwarf. Ishild nods and adds, \"I know my father wants to be in the chief's good graces, but mostly for the riches. Being an adviser is not enough for my father.\" Meinrad wipes away the tears from Ishild's cheeks with his claws. \"You are more than welcome to stay here. Don't go back to your village,\" he said and Ishild nods, again. She then embraces him, catching him off guard, but he returns the embrace. \"I say that in light of these events, we should have the celebration of Saint Nicholas tonight,\" Helmold said to them. \"I agree, it is a lovely night for a celebration,\" Runa replies and her husband nods. \"I will go on ahead and tell everyone,\" Helmold said and in a flash, he digs through the snow and was gone. Ishild watches the dwarf go and asks, \"How does he do that?\" \"It is his gift, he is a natural digger,\" Meinrad answers, but Runa chuckles. \"He is a mole,\" she whispers to Ishild and the young woman laughs. Ishild then looks up at the bright moon in the sky and at the stars that were glittering. \"Tis beautiful in the winter,\" Ishild said to them and Meinrad also looks up at the sky. He then pulls out the badger's skin and shows it to Ishild. \"I kept my promise, in honor of Saint Nicholas,\" he said to her and Ishild takes it and loops the skin around her neck like a scarf. \"Thank you, it's cozy,\" she replies and they follow Helmold's snow trail deep into the forest. They hear the howling of wolves and the hooting of owls. Ishild stays close to Meinrad and he keeps a lookout. \"Are there more dwarfs?\" Ishild asks Runa and Hartwig. \"Oh, there is a whole community of them,\" Hartwig replies, \"No human has ever found us, well, except for you, but we trust you. Besides, they wish to meet you after we told them about you.\" \"Be careful though, some of them are just as mischievous as Helmold,\" Runa warns Ishild and she nods. The pain where the bite was on her arm was throbbing, again, but she ignores it. After what seemed like forever, Ishild notices lights in the distance and they continue to walk towards it. Ishild hears chattering and some other noises when they got closer. Meinrad stops and so does Ishild when they made it to the dwarf community. Ishild takes in the setting; it was actually a clearing in the forest with snow mounds. Smoke was coming out of holes from the mounds and the chattering diminished when the dwarfs saw Meinrad. \"It's Meinrad!\" a dwarf calls out and there came cheering and shouting. \"Look! It's Ishild!\" another calls out and more cheering came. Ishild looks at the dwarfs; they were wearing different kinds of furs and Ishild thought she counted at least one-hundred. The welcoming was too much for Ishild as the dwarfs crowded around her, shaking her hands and tugging on her coat and dress. \"Enough!\" Meinrad calls out and the dwarfs stop in what they were doing. \"Give the girl some space, she has had a terrible night,\" Runa said to everyone. There were whispers among the dwarfs and one offers a bottle of wine to her. \"Drink your sorrows away,\" one of them said and Ishild takes a sip. It actually tasted better than any other wine she had in her village. \"Not too much, we still have a celebration to look forward to,\" Hartwig said to Ishild. Then both he and Runa take Ishild away from Meinrad. \"We have to fix that hair of yours,\" Runa points out and Ishild looks back at Meinrad, who hides a chuckle. Ishild passes mounds where many dwarfs were cooking and making other preparations for the feast. \"This is a nice place,\" she comments to Runa and Hartwig. \"Oh, you'll like it here. No humans to bother us, which means no ridicule,\" Hartwig replies and Ishild nods. She did like the sound of that as she felt harassment by her family every day. They take her into a snow-mound and Runa orders her husband to go. \"You take care of Meinrad, he needs attention,\" Runa whispers to Hartwig and he leaves. \"What kind of attention?\" Ishild asks as Runa takes off her fur-coat. \"Never you mind. Now, let me see,\" the dwarf replies and begins to comb Ishild's hair. The young woman relaxes as she knew she was in for the night of her life. ()()()()()()()()()()() Back in the village, Oda the storyteller knew something was amiss in her hut. She knew that someone was going to kill her tonight and she accepted her fate. The old woman sits by her fireplace where the fire was dying. The front door opens, but Oda does not see anyone, however she senses that someone was outside. \"Lucifer, away with you!\" she shouts, but then, a figure rushes in. Oda was pushed to the floor and hands enclosed around her throat. Oda did not fight, she was not strong enough, and she was being choked to death. She looks at her attacker and before her vision goes black, she forces out, \"You...are...going...to...hell...\" Then, Oda passes out and the intruder looks down at his victim. He then looks at the dying fire and pulls out a burning log. \"Ah!\" he exclaims as his hand was burned and he sets fire to the wooden structure of the hut. The fire catches and it spreads all through the storyteller's hut. The intruder leaves the hut in haste and disappears into the night. From the author: Oh no! A wonderful moment ruined! Well, not for the feast, at least not yet. Stay tuned for more![Chapter 13] Chapter 12 In the dwarf community, the festivities had already begun with songs being played on instruments and the dwarfs distributed all their wine among themselves. A bon-fire was burning in a pit in the center of the square and the dwarfs were dancing around it. Meanwhile, Meinrad was being groomed by Hartwig, who combed the tangled hair. \"Not so hard!\" Meinrad shouts as the dwarf was tugging hard on some knots. \"Well, you should groom every so often,\" Hartwig replies, but Meinrad snorts. Just then, Helmold and a few dwarfs came and show a new fur coat fit just for Meinrad. It was red with white fur trim. \"Our gift to you, I thought it's time to depart with that old thing you're wearing,\" Helmold said and Meinrad takes the coat. He sheds the old fur coat and puts on the new one, it fit. \"Hold on, just a minute,\" Hartwig said and demands that Meinrad lower his face down. Hartwig then does two braids on Meinrad's long beard. \"Thought I spruce you up,\" he adds and shows a mirror. Then, there came a shout from the festive dwarfs, \"Our honored guest is here! Raise your cups for Ishild!\" a voice calls out. In the center of the village, Ishild was offered a cup of wine and the dwarfs resume their singing and merriment. Ishild's blonde hair had been made into a decorative bun and the dwarfs commented on her lovely dress. Ishild's arm began to ache and she began to feel dizzy, but she ignored them. The pain from the bite was minimum, but Ishild rubs it. \"And here is Meinrad! Raise your cups!\" the dwarfs shout and Ishild notices Meinrad in his new coat. He notices her and she raises her cup to him. He gives a tilt of his head and then a lute begins to play. \"Go on! Dance with her!\" a dwarf shouts to Meinrad and Ishild blushes at the sound of that. Meinrad was also embarrassed at the sound of this, but he moves forward to meet Ishild. Everyone moves away from the two, making a big circle. Ishild looks into the moon beaming eyes and the lute continues to play. Ishild takes Meinrad's claws into her hands and the two start to dance. The dwarfs resume their cheerful merriment and they ate and drank, while some join in on the dancing with Ishild and Meinrad. \"You look good in red,\" Ishild whispers to him. \"I think green suits you,\" he replies and Ishild nods. \"Ishild, are you happy here?\" he asks. \"Yes, I never felt this happy in a long time, ever since mother died,\" Ishild answers, but suddenly, she slips. Meinrad catches her, but he also falls onto Ishild. \"Yikes!\" some of the dwarfs screech and the playing stops. Meinrad was able to prevent himself from crushing Ishild and moves away from her. \"I'm sorry,\" Meinrad said, but Ishild shakes her head and chuckles. They stand up and balance themselves on the icy ground, but Ishild slips again and this time, she causes Meinrad to fall on his back. \"Sorry,\" Ishild said, but Meinrad gets to his feet and stomps on the ground, crushing the ice beneath him. It was then that Ishild started to feel even more dizzy. She touches her forehead, she felt really warm, but she thought it was from the bon-fire. Meinrad seemed to notice the change in Ishild and moves her away from the bon-fire, but at that moment, Ishild faints. \"Ishild!\" Meinrad cries out and takes her into his arms. \"Oh, terrible! Terrible!\" a dwarf calls out and another shouts, \"Where's Eydis?\" Ishild touches her forehead as she pants and sweat trickles down her head. \"In here!\" Runa demands and Meinrad brings her into a large snow-mound. \"Ishild? What is wrong with her?\" Meinrad asks Runa as he lays her down on a bed of fur. \"She feels hot, touch her forehead,\" the dwarf replies and he does. Ishild was hot to the touch and she continues to pant, but then starts to shiver. \"I feel cold,\" Ishild said in a weak voice and Runa wraps her up in furs, but also places a cold, wet cloth on her forehead. Just then, Eydis arrives and checks on Ishild. She looks around the woman's body, including her chest and then removes the sleeves of her dress. \"Oh my, look at this,\" the old dwarf said, revealing the bite wound. It was black and blue and it looked infected. \"That is the culprit,\" Eydis said and asks Ishild, \"Who did this to you child?\" Ishild shivers, but she answers, \"My...brother...bit me...\" Meinrad takes a clump of hard earth and crushes it in his claws. Rage fills his heart as Ishild lays there, sick and weak. \"Why did he bite you?\" he asks in an angry voice. Ishild does not answer, but looks at Meinrad before she closes her eyes. \"I best make a potion for this, infections can be deadly,\" Eydis said and leaves the mound. Runa places another cold cloth on Ishild's forehead, but it causes her to shiver even more. \"I'm sorry Ishild, but you have quite a fever,\" Runa said to her. Meinrad stays close beside Ishild and places a claw on her forehead, pressing the cloth down. \"Why didn't you tell me about the bite?\" he asks, this time in a calmer tone. \"I was afraid that you would go to my village and attack my brother. Then you would be killed; I don't want that to happen to you,\" Ishild replies, weakly and her body shivers. \"I'm so cold,\" she adds. Meinrad lies down beside her and holds her, keeping her warm. \"Thank you,\" Ishild whispers before dozing off to sleep. Outside of the mound, Runa notices that all of the dwarfs had stopped their festivities. \"A shame that our honored guest is sick,\" she heard a dwarf say. Runa finds a bottle of wine and drinks it all. Most of the dwarfs were drunk and others were snoring, a result of their drinking. Runa felt like sleeping, but she decided to stay awake. ()()()()()()()()()()() In Ishild's village, the guards were doing patrol, when one came upon Oda's burning hut. \"Help! Fire! Fire!\" the guard calls out and rings the warning bell. The villagers were aroused from their sleep and hurried to help douse the flames. The best thing to use was the snow on the ground as the water in the troths were frozen. \"Mother!\" a man cries out. It was Oda's son and he takes part of the dousing. In the hut, Oda awoke to see her hut in flames, but she doesn't move. She lies there on the floor, letting everything burn, and waited for herself to be burned to death. The old storyteller knew that Lucifer had won and he was going to succeed even more. \"Ishild...\" she said and her mind flashes with the eyes of the intruder. Suddenly, a burning beam falls from the ceiling and crushes the old woman, and the whole hut crumbles to the ground. \"Mother!\" Oda's son shouts in horror and the villagers hurry to douse the flames. Some look around the wreckage and discover the woman, she had been crushed to death. The villagers surround the burned wreckage of the storyteller's hut, including the chief. At Ishild's hut, Gerhard and Gerlach were not aroused by the warning bell or the cries of fire. However, Gerlach covers his mouth to hide a grim smile and goes to his room. A moaning noise was heard and Gerlach uncovers the baby bear that he hid. Its mouth was tied shut with rope and it balances itself as his left leg had been cut off. \"You miss your mother? Well, you're not going anywhere for a long time,\" the boy said with an evil grin and covers the cub, again with a heavy blanket. Gerlach looks out of his window to see the smoke from the fire. He heard cries and shouts and Gerlach could not help it, he smiles at the deed he had done. From the author: Oh no! So much going on! What does this mean for everyone? Find out next time![Chapter 14] Chapter 13 \"How could something like this happen?\" the chief asks to no one in particular. He looks around the wreckage of Oda's hut and sees the storyteller's body covered in soot. \"Sir,\" Adalhard comes up to the chief, \"There's something wrong,\" he adds. \"Not now Adalhard, I'm trying to think,\" Chief Randulf replies, but Adalhard shakes his head. \"Sir, did you see Ishild anywhere?\" he asks and the chief looks at him. \"No, why?\" Chief Randulf asks the captain. \"She's not with any of the guards and I can't find her anywhere,\" Adalhard answers. Chief Randulf knew right away that something happened to Ishild and he gathers some of the guards and headed towards her hut. The chief knocks on the door of the hut and Gerhard answers. \"Chief Randulf, what can I-\" \"Where's Ishild?\" the chief interrupts him. At that moment, Gerhard's face turns white. \"I can see it in your eyes, Gerhard, what did you do to her?!\" the chief shouts at Gerhard and some of the guards push themselves in. Gerlach comes in and sees the guards and the chief. \"Where is Ishild?!\" Chief Randulf shouts, again. \"She was crazy!\" Gerlach steps in and the men look at him. \"She was acting like a menace and my father had to lock her up!\" Gerlach exclaims, but all of the men gave angry looks. \"Nice try boy, but the Ishild we know does not act crazy,\" Adalhard replies and Gerlach's face falls. \"You locked her up?! Where?!\" the chief demands. Gerhard stands to his feet and takes out the key for the room and they wake up the stairs. \"My lord, Gerhard it's freezing up here! I hope Ishild has not frozen to death, otherwise I'll have your head!\" Chief Randulf shouts at him. Gerhard unlocks the door to the room and calls out, \"Ishild.\" There was no answer and Chief Randulf takes a torch and steps in. The room was empty and the chief looks at Gerhard with anger on his face. \"Where is she?!\" he shouts, but Gerhard shakes his head. \"Sir, look,\" a guard said and points to the hole in the ceiling. \"She may have gotten out through there,\" the guard adds. Chief Randulf orders the guard to squeeze through the hole and look. \"Saintly Mother of Jesus,\" the guard whispers and says to the chief, \"Sir, there's hoof prints up here, but not of a deer.\" \"What are you talking about?\" Chief Randulf asks. \"That creature Oda usually talked about, it must've gotten Ishild,\" the guard answers. The chief orders some of the guards to look around the grounds, the meadow, and the edge of the forest for Ishild. Some of the guards on horseback look around the forest and notice the giant hoof-prints in the snow. One of them hurries back to the chief and tells him of what he saw. \"Then the legend must be true,\" Chief Randulf said to himself and turns to Adalhard, \"Gather all of your men, bring chains, and whatever weapons you have,\" he orders and points to Gerhard and Gerlach, \"They are coming with us. If the beast killed Ishild, I will kill it, and then execute them.\" Both Gerhard and Gerlach were ordered to walk with the guards and the chief gets on his horse. They follow the hoof-prints into the forest and were gone. ()()()()()()()()()() In the dwarf community, the dwarfs were asleep or making rounds. Others were staying by the bon-fire, feeding it twigs and leaves. The last of the wine was gone and some of the dwarfs were drunk and acting mischievous. In the snow-mound, Ishild shivers and Meinrad holds her tight, trying to keep her warm. He touches her forehead, again, her fever was strong. \"I'm not going to lose you, not like this,\" Meinrad said to her. Ishild hears him and opens her eyes. \"I'm sorry Meinrad, but there are some things you can't save. All things eventually die,\" she said and coughs. \"Don't you dare say that,\" Meinrad replies in a demanding tone. \"I believe...I believe you are the reason for why I am alive,\" he adds and Ishild stares at him. \"You are brave, strong, and compassionate. That is what I love about you,\" Meinrad said to her. Ishild takes a clump of his coat and holds tight on it and then buries her face into it. Outside of the dwarf village, Eydis was coming back with the potion, when she sees lights from torches and sounds of men coming from behind her. She hides behind a tree and peeks out. A band of humans were trekking through the forest and they appeared to be following something. Eydis knew that they were heading for the dwarf village and she had to stop them, somehow. Just then, something clamps her mouth shut and she turns to see Helmold. \"They must be from Ishild's village,\" he said to the old dwarf. Eydis thought of a plan and gives the potion to Helmold. \"Take this to Ishild and pour it over her bite wound. Then, get everyone ready for a fight if possible. I'll try to hold them off,\" Eydis orders him. \"But what if they kill you?\" Helmold asks, but Eydis demands for him to go and he digs his way through the snow towards the village. Eydis then begins to call out to the humans. \"Turn back!\" she calls out and that got their attention. \"What is that?\" one of the guards ask and then Eydis appears before them. \"Turn back!\" she repeats and screeches at them like a hawk. \"What in heavens name is that?!\" the chief demands, but Eydis continues to show aggressiveness towards them. In the village, Helmold jumps out of his mound and begins to shout, \"Humans! Heading this way!\" The dwarfs jump to attention and Helmold rushes toward the snow-mound where Ishild and Meinrad were. \"Meinrad! Humans are coming!\" Helmold cries out upon entering. Ishild looks at him, \"The chief?\" she asks, but the dwarf does not answer and pours the potion over her wound. Ishild reacts as it stings and Meinrad begins to growl and prepares to leave the mound. \"Where are you going?\" Ishild asks him. \"I'm not going to let them take you back,\" Meinrad answers and turns to Helmold, \"Tell the dwarfs to arm themselves, but they must not fight unless the humans prove a threat,\" he orders and the dwarf leaves. Eydis growls and snarls at the humans and snaps at the horses. \"Shoot it!\" Gerlach shouts. \"Silence boy!\" Adalhard demands, but then, one of the guards draws an arrow and fires. The arrow hits Eydis in the chest and she falls over, dead. Some of the dwarfs had seen this happen and they hurry back to their village. \"They killed Eydis!\" one of them cries out. Meinrad and Ishild had heard this and Meinrad looks at her. \"They will have to-\" \"Meinrad, please!\" Ishild pleads with him, \"I don't want you to die! I can't let you die!\" \"And I can't let them take you back. What if your father or brother kills you? I cannot live with that,\" Meinrad said, \"If I die, at least I will die for you.\" \"Why are you doing this?\" Ishild asks. The next thing she knew, Meinrad kisses her and Ishild's eyes widened and her face turns red. Meinrad then leaves the mound and bolts the door, just as the humans set foot into the village. \"Meinrad!\" Ishild cries out and breaks down in tears. From the author: Oh no! What will the outcome be for everyone?! Find out next time![Chapter 15] Chapter 14 Meinrad steps out of the mound, blotting the door behind him, and ignores Ishild's cries as best he could. The villagers and their chief would have to go through him first before they take his love away. The dwarfs were hiding behind their snow-mounds with weapons in their hands. \"Do not harm them, unless they pose a threat,\" Meinrad orders them. The lights from the torches were edging closer and Meinrad walks a few steps and then, the humans appear and one of them cries, \"My God!\" Meinrad growls at the humans, his yellow eyes beaming, and he stomps on the ground. The humans look at the creature, arrows drawn, and the chief shouts, \"Where is Ishild?!\" Meinrad refuses to answer and instead, roars at them, causing the horses to rear up. \"Chain it!\" the chief orders. Ishild hears this and begins to look for a new way out. She then starts to dig through the snow and then, a bow falls on top of her. It was Meinrad's bow and there was the quiver. Ishild takes them and resumes her digging. Outside, Meinrad fights to get the chains off of him, but the humans had lassoed his arms and his neck. He snarls, but then, the humans pull tight on the chains, forcing him to the ground. The dwarfs were ready to fight, but Meinrad shouts at them, \"Don't!\" Chief Randulf gets off his horse and takes his sword out. He raises it over Meinrad and shouts, \"This is for-\" Suddenly, an arrow hits his sword and it falls out of his hands. \"Get back!\" Ishild demands, showing herself and draws another arrow. \"Don't you dare kill him!\" she shouts at the chief. \"Ishild! You're alive?!\" Adalhard exclaims. Ishild does not answer and looks at Meinrad. He looked surprised and stares into Ishild's eyes. Just then, Gerhard pushes his way through, having gotten out of his bonds, and takes the chief's sword. He pushes his daughter out of the way and raises the sword over Meinrad. \"NO!\" Ishild screams and takes a sword from a guard. She blocks her father's blow. \"Ishild, are you out of your mind?!\" Gerhard shouts at his daughter, but Ishild kicks him to the ground. \"I will not let you kill Meinrad,\" Ishild said and everyone stares at her. \"Listen to me, the stories Oda told us are true, but Meinrad is not the creature you should be hunting for,\" Ishild explains to them. Just then, the dwarfs emerge from their hiding places, some jump on Gerhard, and held up their weapons. \"All of you! Calm down!\" Ishild orders and they stand down. Gerlach steps forward and shouts, \"You are with this monster?! And its minions?!\" \"Meinrad is not a monster!\" Ishild shouts back at her brother, \"You're the monster!\" she adds and that made Gerlach angry. Just then, a noise was heard and everyone looks to see a big brown bear, the mother bear! \"Big mama bear!\" a dwarf cries out. The bear looks at the humans and sniffs the air. \"She's looking for her cub!\" Ishild said to everyone and that's when the bear charges at them. The humans and the dwarfs fight back, but the bear prove to be very powerful and strong. Ishild looks for her brother as the bear scatters the humans and the dwarfs. She finds him scurrying away from the fight and grabs him. \"Where is her cub?!\" she demands. \"I have no idea what you're-\" Ishild slaps him and tightens her grip on him. \"Tell me or I will feed you to the mother bear! You are behind everything! The cruel pranks! And father let's you do whatever you want!\" Ishild shouts in his face and reveals the burn marks on his hand. \"Now tell me!\" she angrily shouts. There was fire in the boy's eyes and they were flames of hate. Ishild stares hard into his eyes and refuses to loosen her grip. \"In my room, he's under a blanket,\" Gerlach finally speaks. \"Helmold! Hartwig! I need you! NOW!\" Ishild calls out for the dwarfs and they appear. \"Go to my hut in my village, go to my brother's room and you'll find the cub. Bring him back here and hurry,\" Ishild explains to them. In a flash, Helmold and Hartwig started to dig through the snow and were gone. The bear continues to fight with the humans and the dwarfs, but then sets her sights on the chief. \"Come on you! I'll take you with my bare hands!\" Chief Randulf shouts at her. Just before he could throw a punch, the mother bear slaps him, sending him to the ground. Ishild shoots arrows at the mother bear, but she does not die, and charges at Ishild. The mother bear roars at Ishild and she lets out a scream. Meinrad, with all of his strength, lifts himself off the ground, and breaks loose of his captors, but the chains were still bound to him. Meinrad charges at the mother bear and roars at her. The bear roars back and the two creatures began to fight. Meinrad pushes the bear away, but the bear claws at his coat, and scratches his face. \"Meinrad!\" Ishild cries out, but the two continue to fight. The mother bear tries to break through and get to Ishild, but Meinrad prevents her from doing so. Suddenly, the bear slaps Meinrad to the ground, close to Ishild, and Ishild draws an arrow. \"Mama bear!\" a voice calls out. Everyone turns to see Helmold and Hartwig riding on Willahelm, with the cub. The cub cries out for his mother and she turns to see him. Forgetting about the fight with Meinrad, the mother bear walks up to Hartwig, who carried the three-legged cub to her. He lets the cub go and the poor baby limps over to his mother. The mother bear takes her cub by the scruff of his neck and calmly walks away and disappears into the early morning light. Ishild and Meinrad look at each other and everything was quiet, until Runa shouts, \"Look out!\" Ishild and Meinrad turn to see Gerlach, a sword in his hands, and he prepares to strike at Meinrad. \"NO!\" a cry was heard and Ishild steps in front of her brother. Gerlach strikes, the blade plunges into Ishild's side, but she refuses to stand down. \"ISHILD!\" Meinrad cries out and he strikes at Gerlach, sending him flying through the air, and he hits the ground. \"Bind him!\" the chief shouts, pointing to Gerlach, and the guards tie his hands. \"Let me go! It was not my fault! She stepped in front of that beast!\" Gerlach shouts, but then, a guard gags him. Gerhard, having witnessed what his son did, falls to his knees, and begins to laugh. \"He's lost his mind,\" Adalhard said and the guards bind Gerhard, too. Meinrad holds Ishild in his arms, she was bleeding heavily from the wound, and blood streams out of her mouth. The blood began to stain Meinrad's coat, but he didn't care; the love of his life was dying in front of him. The chief looks at Ishild and at Meinrad. \"Get out!\" the creature orders, \"GET OUT!\" he shouts, again at the guards and the chief. They begin to leave, taking Gerlach and Gerhard by force, and Meinrad looks at the boy who harmed Ishild. Gerlach had a face full of hate and Meinrad growls at him before they disappear into the forest. The first rays of dawn touch the sky and the snowy ground, Meinrad looks at Ishild, her eyes glued to his. She was still alive, but she will not be for long. \"Why Ishild? Why did you sacrifice yourself for me?\" Meinrad asks and the dwarfs began to circle around them. \"I believe... you know why,\" she replies and Meinrad's heart skips a beat. Everything he had done to protect Ishild had failed and she had paid for his mistakes. \"I don't want you to die,\" Meinrad said, tears flowing down his face. \"As I said... all things...die...eventually...\" Ishild coughs, spraying blood all over Meinrad's coat. He places a claw on her cheek and watches the light fade from her eyes. Meinrad gently closes her eye lids and kisses her dead lips. He gently lays Ishild's body down and sees the bow she had given him. His heartbreak turned to fury and he takes the bow and hits it against a tree until it breaks into pieces. Meinrad claws at the bark of some trees and attacks the ground, sending snow and dirt into the air. The chains rattle with his every move. Runa, Hartwig, Helmold, and the other dwarfs watch as Meinrad lets out all of his rage until he collapses to the ground. He then lets out a bloodcurdling cry that could be heard for many miles. Meinrad lets out his breath in labored snorts and the cold air freezes it. His mind flashes with images of the one person who killed Ishild, his love. \"Gerlach,\" he whispers and he growls in a rage. From the author: Please, don't hate me! There is a reason for Ishild's death and I hope everyone understands why. There's plenty more on the way! Please leave reviews.[Chapter 16] Chapter 15 The Baemi village was in an uproar. The men had gathered in the chief's hut where Gerlach and Gerhard were bound and gagged as ordered by the chief. Gerlach's face was empty of emotion and Gerhard had to be carried as he clearly lost his mind. Both of them were to face judgement by the chief and of the other council members of the village. \"They must die!\" Adalhard said to Chief Randulf, \"Gerlach killed his own sister and Gerhard just stood by and watched!\" Chief Randulf did not want to be reminded of the incident; Ishild was brutally murdered by her own brother, who the chief believed to be possessed by the devil. \"Ishild was right, Gerlach was behind everything in this village! He must be executed at once!\" Adalhard said, again to the chief. \"Oda did warn us about Gerlach, he is indeed possessed by the devil!\" a council member said. \"Enough! Quiet please!\" Chief Randulf shouts at them and they went silent. \"I must think of what is the right way to execute them. Either hang them or have drawn and quartered.\" Gerlach tries to speak through the gag, but no one wanted to hear what he had to say. \"Let me think, give me some time alone,\" the chief demands and he retires to his quarters. ()()()()()()()()()()() In the forest, Meinrad pranced about, thinking of how to achieve his revenge. Ishild's body had been laid on a stone table in a mound and Meinrad had covered the entrance with stones. He was overcome with grief and fury. \"Meinrad, Ishild would not want you to kill the boy, her brother,\" Runa said to him. Meinrad looks at his adoptive mother with anger in his eyes. \"He killed her!\" he snaps at Runa. \"The boy must die and I will kill him with my own hands!\" he shouts. \"How are you going to do that? The village might be heavily guarded and maybe the chief wants to execute the boy himself,\" Helmold said. \"He's right, we'll be dead before we set foot in there,\" a dwarf informs Meinrad. Meinrad began to think, the chains were still tight around his wrists and neck. He ignored them and he snorts heavily. \"I would sell my soul to the devil,\" he whispers to himself. Just then, the sky grew cloudy and darkness fell over the forest. It grew much colder than before and snow began to fall. \"What just happened?\" Hartwig asks, but no one had an answer. Meinrad knew something was wrong and he looks around, wondering what lingered in the darkness. Then, he began to hear the flapping of wings above him and he looks to see a winged figure flying above the tree line. The creature descended upon the group and Meinrad got a good look at it. It had leathery bat-wings, with dark-red skin. It had horns, much like Meinrad's, but they were shorter, and its eyes blazed like the fires of Hell. \"What...who are you?!\" Runa shrieks and Meinrad growls at the creature. \"You summonded me,\" it answers and points at Meinrad. \"Many call me Lucifer, the fallen angel,\" it adds. \"The Devil?\" Hartwig asks. The creature laughs a horrific laugh and a serpentine-like tongue slithers out of its mouth. \"I am here to offer you a deal,\" Lucifer said to Meinrad. \"What is the deal?\" Meinrad asks without even thinking first. \"You want revenge, so I will make you and your companions immortal. You will not be killed by sword or arrow and you will carry out your revenge in one fell-swoop,\" Lucifer explains to him. Meinrad could no believe his ears; this deal seemed too good to be true. He would be able to kill Gerlach and his revenge would be granted. Then, Lucifer shows him a scroll and Meinrad takes it. \"What is it?\" he asks. \"Your contract,\" Lucifer answers, \"Your soul for immortality. I just need a signature.\" \"Meinrad, wait!\" Runa shouts at him, \"I don't trust him! You just can't take the risk!\" Meinrad's heart was heavy with grief and he refused to listen to Runa. He wanted to kill the boy who murdered Ishild, his love. He also felt that the whole village was responsible for letting Gerlach kill Ishild. He would let the dwarfs kill the villagers in whatever way they wanted. He unrolls the scroll and sees the line at the bottom where his signature would go. \"My companions and I will not die?\" Meinrad asks Lucifer. \"No, you'll be completely immortal,\" Lucifer answers, \"Oh, but I do prefer you bring the boy you want to kill to me. I will open the portal to Hell and the boy and his father will suffer for all eternity,\" he adds and Meinrad looks at the signature line. Just then, he felt something prick the fleshly part of of his claw and a few drops of blood fell on the scroll. \"That will be all,\" Lucifer said and he takes the scroll. \"Now, let us begin,\" he adds and looks at Meinrad and the dwarfs. He then grins and then fire surrounds them. The wind blew violently and it fuels the roaring fire. The dwarfs, particularly Runa, were afraid of what would happen to them, but Meinrad felt the flames of hatred course through him. The images of Ishild dying in his arms flashed in his mind. Then, Gerlach's voice was heard, \"It was not my fault! She stepped in front of that beast!\" Meinrad felt the need to roar out his rage and he did so. His roar was heard all across the forest, scaring away any living creature residing there. The fire dies down and Lucifer looks at Meinrad and the newly transformed dwarfs. Meinrad's eyes were no longer shining like the moon, instead they were red like blood. The creature then roars at his minions, it was time for them to carry out their master's revenge. From the author: This is not good! What will happen next?! Well, you will to find out next time![Chapter 17] Chapter 16 Nighttime fell upon the mountains and the Baemi village was preparing for the feast of Saint Nicholas, which would be the next morning. Chief Randulf knew that this year was not going to be festive, mostly due to the people's heartbreak over the death of Ishild that very morning. Many of the villagers insisted that Gerlach and Gerhard be executed immediately. Chief Randulf wanted to punish the two in the right way, but he wasn't sure how. \"Sir, just have the executioner chop their heads off!\" Adalhard said to the chief. Before Chief Randulf could answer, the sound of booming thunder was heard and the wind picked up. \"Thunder?\" the chief asked and then, all the torches in the chief's hut went out. Both men looked outside to see all the torches go out and snow began to fall in thick flakes. \"Something is wrong,\" the chief said to Adalhard. The captain dared himself to open the door and outside, there were shadows moving about. In the square, a man who had just left the food storage hut saw a figure a few feet away. It looked small in height and the man dared himself to go look at it. Suddenly, the figure leaps up at him and the man falls to the ground. The dwarf laughed at the prank he pulled and he runs off. The dwarf returns to his master, Meinrad who was just outside the village. \"Kill the chief and a few of the guards, but I want the boy and his father alive,\" Meinrad orders his minions. The dwarfs obeyed and they hurry into the village, holding up their weapons and torches. \"For Ishild!\" some of them shout and started to bang on some doors. A woman screams when the dwarfs barge into her hut and the other dwarfs did the same thing. They then started to ransack the huts, looking for Gerlach and Gerhard. Adalhard gathers all of his men and they arm themselves with bows and arrows and swords. The dwarfs only laughed when the guards shot arrows at them. Some of the dwarfs jump on the guards and started to bite them with their sharp teeth. The guards cry out in horror before they were killed. Meinrad then enters the village and looks into the open huts. He saw some families hiding and they stare at him with horrified looks, but he did not care about that. He then walks to the square, where the dwarfs continue their carnage. Several of the guards lie dead and Meinrad notices Adalhard fighting with one of the dwarfs. \"Stop!\" Meinrad orders the dwarf and Adalhard sees the creature. He collapses to his feet and tries to scream. Meinrad grabs Adalhard by the cuff of his coat and hoists him off the ground. Meinrad snorts hot breath and shows Adalhard his teeth. \"Where is the boy?\" Meinrad demands. Adalhard does not answer and Meinrad places a sharp claw on his neck. \"I will spare your life once you tell me where he is,\" the creature said, again. Adalhard shakes his head, \"I want to kill him as much as you do,\" he said to Meinrad. The creature snorts in his face and pricks his claw into Adalhard's cheek, drawing blood. \"I will give you one last chance, where is the boy?\" Meinrad said in a deep, cold voice. Adalhard refuses to answer and Meinrad opens his mouth wide, saliva drips from his teeth and he edges close to the captain. \"Wait!\" Adalhard shouts and Meinrad stops. \"You saved my life, didn't you?\" he asks. \"Ishild saved your life, not me,\" Meinrad replies. \"Yes, but...\" Adalhard tried to think of a proper word. \"I am taking Gerlach and his father to Hell. I want them to spend an eternity going through pain and suffering,\" Meinrad said to Adalhard. \"Think, would you rather execute them first? Or let them experience the agony that we all suffer from?\" Meinrad asks him. Adalhard thought long and hard, he wanted Gerlach to suffer, and he gives in. He points to the chief's hut and Meinrad releases him. \"You really loved her,\" Adalhard said, but Meinrad ignores him and walks toward the chief's hut. The snow and wind was fierce now and the thunder boomed across the sky. Meinrad passes a few dead guards, leaving hoof-prints in the snow, and the dwarfs let their master pass. Meinrad tries to open the door, but it was bolted tight. \"Shall we burn it down?\" a dwarf asks. \"No,\" Meinrad answers and looks up. He takes a leap and lands on the roof. There, he saw the chimney and looks down. No fire was burning and Meinrad dives head-first down the chimney. The stone cracked as Meinrad moves down and makes it to the bottom. His head emerges and he looks around. A few guards had surrounded their chief and the two prisoners. They held up their swords, but Meinrad roars at them. Some of the guards turn to run and when they opened the door, the dwarfs stormed in. \"Kill them!\" Chief Randulf shouts at the guards, but they couldn't. The dwarfs overpower them and killed them. The chief arms himself as Meinrad walks over to him. The creature grabs Chief Randulf by the neck and snarls. \"Here, put him in here,\" a dwarf said, showing Meinrad a large sack. \"No! Let my father go!\" Amalric shouts at them, but Meinrad ignores him and stuffs Chief Randulf into the sack. He turns to face Gerlach and Gerhard and hate fills his senses. Gerlach stares at Meinrad and he struggles to break free. Meinrad takes the boy and stuffs him in the sack, along with his father. Meinrad hoists the sack and carries it on his back. He and the dwarfs leave the chief's hut and they walk through the village, looking at the terrified people. Some of the dwarfs resumed their mischievous ways and terrified them even more. \"You best be good for goodness' sake,\" some of them said to the young children. Meinrad and the dwarfs leave the village, having left a scene of death and destruction. From the author: And so begins a horrifying tradition...[Chapter 18] Chapter 17 Meinrad and the dwarfs trekked through the forest, with Gerlach fighting in the sack and muttering something. One of the dwarfs jump on the sack and raises his weapon. \"Don't!\" Meinrad roars at the dwarf. \"Stop kicking me boy!\" the chief shouts, \"And let me out!\" he adds. Meinrad stops and puts the sack down, then opens it, revealing his captives. The chief was about to jump out, but Meinrad takes him by the neck and hoists him out. \"Why are you doing this to me?!\" Chief Randulf chokes out. \"Don't play stupid,\" one of the dwarfs said, \"You were planning on...\" he stops and lets Meinrad speak. \"You were planning on taking Ishild away from me,\" the creature snarls at the chief and his long tongue slithers out. \"Ishild?\" the chief asks, but then adds, \"I wanted to protect her.\" \"From what? From her family? Or from me?\" Meinrad asks, angrily. The chief was silent for a minute and then answers, \"From all the evil in this world. Ishild's father was neglecting her and he let his son abuse her!\" Meinrad had listened to every word the chief had said and the chief adds more, \"I didn't want to cage her, I would give her freedom, as I do with my daughters. I am sorry.\" Meinrad lets him go and the chief breathes heavily. The creature stares at Chief Randulf with his blood-red eyes and as if controlled by another force, Meinrad pulls out something from his coat. It was a bauble and Meinrad sees the inscription ' Gruss Vom Krampus'. Then, the ground begins to shake and fire spews out from a hole and Lucifer appears. \"My God, there is a devil,\" Chief Randulf said in horror. Suddenly, the chief screams as something beneath him grabs him and pulls him under and he was gone. Meinrad looks at Lucifer, who chuckles, \"Don't worry, he'll wake up back in his bed.\" Meinrad then turns to face his other two captives and the dwarfs pull them out of the sack. They look at them, Gerhard appeared to be out of sorts and one of the dwarfs remove the gags from his and Gerlach's mouth. \"Let me go!\" Gerlach demands, struggling to break free. \"And why should we?\" a dwarf asks and then Meinrad hoists the boy by the scuff of his coat. \"You have time to apologize, boy,\" Lucifer said to Gerlach. The boy just sniffs and looks at Meinrad. \"Apologize for what? I didn't do anything wrong,\" he replies and Meinrad's blood boiled inside. \"Nothing wrong?! You killed Ishild!\" Meinrad roars at Gerlach. He wanted to kill the boy, but sending him to Hell would satisfy him even more. \"You were in love with her?!\" Gerlach asks and spits in Meinrad's face. \"You and my sister?! You two would've made a couple! An idiot girl with an ugly beast!\" he shouts. Meinrad had heard enough and he takes Gerlach over the burning pit and the boy begins to panic. Meinrad pulls him close to his face and snarls, \"This will be the last thing you see, my face! And the one emotion you will feel is of pain, the pain of the village, the pain of the forest animals you tortured, and the pain in my heart!\" The dwarfs begin to laugh and cheer as Meinrad hovers the boy over the pit. The boy tried to kick at Meinrad, but then, the creature throws the boy into the pit and Gerlach disappears into the fire. Meinrad points to Gerhard and the dwarfs hoist him up and throw him in the pit. Both the boy and his father were gone, having been consumed by the fires of Hell, and the pit is covered over. Meinrad's eyes return to its moonlight yellow and he looks at Lucifer. \"Well done,\" he said. \"I feel relieved, I can finally rest in peace,\" Meinrad replies, but then, Lucifer begins to laugh grimly. \"Rest in peace?! Who said anything about that?!\" the devil asks and Meinrad looks at him confused. \"I sent Gerlach and his father to Hell, as you said so. I did it for Ishild and now she-\" Lucifer silences Meinrad with another grim laugh. \"You did it for love?! Now you never said anything about that!\" Lucifer shouts at the creature and then reveals the contract. \"You sold your soul to me for revenge and it has been achieved. Here is the deal, your soul belongs to me and you work for me!\" Meinrad's heart stops beating for a moment and stares at Lucifer. \"Now, here is what I want you to do, I want you to gather every child and bring them to me,\" the devil said, his tongue lashing out, \"And give their families these baubles,\" he adds and he reveals a bauble with the inscription 'Gruss Vom Krampus'. \"That is your new name, Krampus, you are my slave for all eternity,\" Lucifer said, coldly. Meinrad collapses to the ground and the dwarfs begin to screech, more out of fear. Lucifer laughs grimly and Meinrad cries out in despair. \"Ishild, I'm sorry!\" he shouts at the night sky and tears flow down his cheeks. \"Meinrad, what have you done?!\" Runa cries out and the other dwarfs cry out in misery. \"I am so sorry,\" Meinrad replies and more tears fall, \"I wanted to avenge Ishild, but I...I'm so selfish! I did it for my own gain!\" Meinrad cries out even more and stares up at the sky. Just then, the darkness was illuminated with light and Lucifer begins to shriek. \"What is this?!\" he shouts and the light dims to reveal a figure in white and red robes. He had a snow-white beard and his blue eyes were full of warmth. \"Saint Nicholas! What are you doing here?!\" Lucifer shouts angrily at the holy being. \"Lucifer, you were always a cruel trickster,\" the saint said and points to the devil. The contract floats toward Saint Nicholas and he takes it into his hand. \"What are you doing?! He's mine!\" Lucifer shouts, but Saint Nicholas scoffs at him. \"Be gone demon!\" Saint Nicholas orders and points a finger at Lucifer. The Devil transforms into a snake and slithers into the night. Meinrad shuts his eyes and holds out his claws, \"Holy Saint Nicholas, I don't deserve to be bathed in this light,\" he said to him. The dwarfs scurry away, taking cover in the darkness. \"Meinrad, do not be ashamed of the deed you have done,\" the saint replies and walks over to the creature. \"What you have done to Gerlach was justifiable, he was too wicked to even exist,\" he adds and Meinrad looks at him. \"And I know what lies in your heart. Your love for Ishild is much stronger than your hatred towards man and her love for you was powerful enough to protect you,\" Saint Nicholas continues to say. \"You see, Ishild sent me to offer you a way out of this curse,\" he adds. \"What?\" Meinrad asks and looks into the saint's eyes. \"You know that I reward good children, but there are wicked children in this world, too. Like Gerlach, they must be punished, but I can't bring myself to do that. Which is why I have been searching for someone who would carry out punishments to the naughty children, and if necessary, their parents as well,\" Saint Nicholas explains. \"But my soul belongs to Hell, is there a way to break the contract?\" Meinrad asks, but Saint Nicholas shakes his head. \"Lucifer's powers are too strong for me to break, but I can alter the contract,\" the saint replies and Meinrad listens. Then, the scroll is illuminated and Saint Nicholas speaks, \"Meinrad, your soul may be bound to Hell, but there is a light of hope for you. You will not serve Lucifer for eternity; instead, you will serve me for two thousand years. \"During the festivities of the twelfth month, you and your minions will carry out punishments to the naughty children of this world. As a reminder of their wicked deeds, you will leave them a bauble, so they will remember you and to always honor the festivities of this month. \"As for your name, as the Devil has made one for you, you will be forever known as Krampus, the Shadow of Saint Nicholas,\" the holy being said and the scroll disappears before them. Meinrad, now known as Krampus looks at Saint Nicholas and fresh tears flow down his cheeks. \"Um, I have a question,\" a dwarf asks, \"What happens when the two thousand years are up?\" \"Meinrad will regain his soul and reunite with Ishild in Heaven and all of you will be free. However, I must warn you, things will change dramatically through the years, some good, some bad, but you will carry out the deed until the end of the two thousand years,\" Saint Nicholas replies and Krampus bows to him. \"Thank you, I will not disappoint you or Ishild,\" the creature said and he looks up at the sky once more before he and his minions disappear into the night. From the author: How's this for the beginning of a new holiday? Meinrad (aka Krampus) has found a new purpose and he will be doing it for love. There will be plenty more chapters coming! See you soon! Please leave reviews.[Chapter 19] Chapter 18 Salzburg, Austria, December 2000 (apx. 1077 years later) The years rolled by for Krampus and his minions, but it did not feel like that over 1000 years had passed. Krampus had witnessed the many changes in the world; the village where Ishild once resided now became a city, snuggle deep in the Alps. Krampus had witnessed some bad changes as well as some good ones. Every since he took Gerlach and Gerhard, Krampus became widely known and many believed him to be the evil counterpart of Saint Nicholas, which he was. However, many people appreciated Krampus and would have celebrations dedicating to the Shadow of Saint Nicholas. Over the years, Krampus and his minions would carry out punishments on the naughty children and even the adults who lost their faith or did not fully appreciate the festivities of December. As for the bad changes, they were horrific for Krampus to understand. The country, now known as Austria experienced a civil war in the 1930's and afterward, the country fell under the Nazi regime. Despite the strong belief of Krampus, the top leaders of the Nazi regime banned the celebration of the goat-like creature, calling him \"pure evil\". It was not until after the fall of the Third Reich, the festivities for Krampus and Saint Nicholas were fully restored. On this day December 5, the Krampusnacht or Krampus Night was in full swing. Salzburg, as well as many Austrian cities, towns, and villages, including those in Germany had their own celebrations for Krampus. \"Mom, I can't see them!\" a young girl cries out as she struggles to get through the crowd. A parade was in full swing; young men were dressed as the goat-creature, terrifying the children with their costumes. Many of the children and adults admired the hard-work these young men had done for their costumes. \"Let us through please!\" a woman begs the crowd as she pushes a wheelchair. The crowd looks at the occupant in the wheelchair, a young teenage girl cuddled in a heavy coat. Kristen Sonnen was a sixteen year old sick with cancer. She and her family had came from their home of Minneapolis to visit their Austrian grandparents for the holidays. \"Why are we here?\" Kristen's cousin, Hannah asks her parents. \"Your grandparents want to spend time with Kristen, you know she is sick,\" Hannah's mom replies. Kristen hated the cancer and she also hated the treatment she had to take for it. What was worse that the chemotherapy was expensive and the family's insurance had run out, causing Kristen's parents to ask other family members to pitch in financially. It was possible that this would be Kristen's last Christmas as her illness had advanced and her family could not get any more money. Kristen once had blonde hair, but she had to shave it for her chemotherapy. She had dazzling blue eyes, much like her grandmother's. The crowd parted ways for the family and they watch as the multiple Krampuses paraded through the street. Many were different, but they were hairy with demonic faces. Many of them had chains with different size bells and they rattle with every step. Others carried torches or birch branches, which Krampus was said to use to punish the naughty children. Kristen had been told stories about the creature and she was fascinated with the legend. She wanted to see the Krampus parade before she passes and her wish was granted tonight. The multiple Krampuses march through the street, some coming up to the crowd to terrify them. One Krampus went up to Kristen and he stares at her. Kristen was not sure what to do, but she raises her hands up and tries her best to put on a scary face. The Krampus scurries away, as if terrified of her, but then speaks in German. \"He said he will remember this night because of you,\" her grandmother translates. The family watches the parade and it ends. The Sonnen family returns to the grandparents' house, where they proceed with the festivities of the night. \"Do you think Krampus exists?\" Kristen's young sister Ashley asks. \"Oh he does,\" their grandmother replies. Kristen goes to her bedroom with slow steps, she was tired, and the Krampus parade had lifted her spirits. Before she could open the door to her room, she hears some noises coming from the room next to her, which was her cousins' room. Rowan and her twin brother Travis shared the room and Kristen was curious as to what was going on. \"I hate it here,\" Travis said, \"Why can't Kristen just die?\" Kristen's stomach drops when she heard Travis say that. \"Will you be quiet, Kristen will die, and no one will suspect where we got the money,\" Rowan said. Weeks before, the two promised to hold a fundraiser for Kristen's chemotherapy, but they said it proved fruitless as they got only one-hundred dollars. \"Did you count the money?\" Travis asks and Kristen listens. \"Yeah, we're filthy rich! I stopped counting at twenty-two thousand!\" Rowan replies and Kristen was shocked. Her cousins had actually lied about the amount of money they received from the fundraiser. \"All in cash! Man, I can buy a car with that money!\" Travis said. \"We just have to play along until Kristen passes, then we're free to spend it!\" Rowan replies and they started to laugh. Kristen goes into her room and collapses on the bed and starts to cry. Her cousins did not care about her, they just wanted her to die. Kristen wanted them to be punished for their greed and that's when it hits her. She sits up in a prayer position and speaks aloud, \"Krampus, my cousins have lied, they stole the money that I need for my chemotherapy. Please, punish them.\" Somewhere in the forest outside of the city, Krampus had heard the young girl's prayer. He summons his minions and they knew that they were going to punish some naughty children. They prepared themselves and they head out towards Salzburg, where a blizzard fell upon the city. Kristen realized that the power went out and it was dreadfully cold inside the house. She coughs and her mom comes in. \"Honey, we're gathered downstairs,\" she said and takes her daughter by the arm. \"Mom, I have to tell you something,\" Kristen said and her mom listens. \"I heard Rowan and Travis talking and they said they really have twenty-thousand dollars from the fundraiser,\" she explains. \"Really?\" her mom asks, \"Well, we'll see about that.\" The two walk down the steps and they went into the living room where the family was gathered by the fire. Kristen sits down on the sofa and her mom looks at Rowan and Travis. \"Is there something you want to share with us?\" she asks the two. \"What are you talking about?\" Rowan asks in return. \"Kelly, what's going on?\" their mom asks. \"Kristen said she heard these two saying that they lied about the fundraiser. They said they have twenty-thousand dollars,\" Kelly replies and the twins' faces showed horror. \"Is it true?\" the twins' father asks. \"No, we only made one-hundred,\" Travis lies and Rowan nods. \"Don't lie to us! Where is the rest of the money?\" Kelly snaps at them. The twins' refuse to answer and they look at Kristen with anger in their eyes. \"Krampus will be coming to punish you,\" the grandmother said to them. \"Oh for crying out loud! Krampus does not exist!\" Travis shouts at them, \"We earned that money fair and square!\" \"You mean you stole it!\" Kristen's father yells at them. \"Travis and Rowan! I am surprised at you two!\" their father shouts at them, \"You give Kristen the money right now!\" \"No way!\" Rowan shouts, \"Why can't she just die?!\" \"Rowan, how dare you say that to your cousin!\" their mother shouts, \"Apologize to her!\" The twins refused and turn their heads away. \"You two are grounded forever!\" their mother informs them. The evening went on, the twins refused to apologize to Kristen, and they refused to hand over the missing cash. Kristen had never seen so much hate in them. The family falls asleep in the living room, trying to keep warm. Krampus arrives at the house and his minions open the unlocked door. They quietly storm into the house, looking for the twins, and they discover them in the living room. In a flash, Krampus takes the two and puts them in the sack. The twins awoke with a start and begin to cry out, but the family was not aroused, except for Kristen. She sees the creatures leave the house. Kristen hurries after them and keeps close behind them. They left the city and enter the forest. Kristen struggles to keep up, but they stop and Kristen sees a burning pit. \"Wait!\" she cries out and the creatures turn to face her. \"What are you going to do to them?\" she asks Krampus. The creature looks at her and puts down his sack and walks up to Kristen. Kristen remains still, but she coughs and falls to her knees. Krampus' heart began to ache, he knew that this girl was dying, and his mind flashes with the images of Ishild dying in his arms. \"They need to be punished as you told me to,\" he said in a deep voice. \"Are you sending them to Hell?\" Kristen asks and he nods. Then, Kristen's coughing got worse and Krampus edges closer to her. \"You shouldn't be out here,\" he said and holds out a claw. She takes it and Krampus helps her up, but she collapses, again. \"Your time is nearing its end,\" he adds and Kristen nods. \"Let us out!\" Travis shouts in the sack and the minions open it. The twins jump out, but the dwarfs bound them tight. They tried to scream at Krampus, but they couldn't find their voices. \"You two still have a chance to apologize,\" Krampus said to them. \"You got to be kidding, we were just messing with her!\" Travis replies, pointing to Kristen. \"We didn't do anything wrong!\" he adds. Kristen's heart breaks into pieces and Krampus walks up to them. They edged closer to the pit and Krampus roars at the twins and they fell in. The pit closes up, sending the twins to Hell. Kristen collapses and Krampus comes to her side. \"It's all right, you see I am not afraid of dying anymore,\" Kristen said weakly. \"Oh, Kristen,\" he whispers and takes pity on Kristen. \"Saint Nicholas, please, give this girl more time. She deserves to be with her family for one final Christmas before she passes,\" Krampus speaks up to the sky. Then, he hears the sounds of sleigh bells and he sees the silhouettes of the reindeer and Saint Nicholas' sleigh passing by the moon. Krampus returns Kristen to her grandparents' place and lies her down on her bed. Before he leaves, he places the bauble on the bedside table. \"Merry Christmas Kristen,\" he whispers to the sick girl and leaves the house. Morning came and Kristen awakes to see the bauble on the table. \"So he does exist,\" she said to herself and she gets up to go down to the living room. To her surprise, she sees her family gathered around and they see her. \"Sweetheart, your aunt and uncle has raised twenty-thousand dollars for your chemotherapy!\" her mom said to her. \"Everyone, I have an announcement to make,\" Kristen replies and they listen, \"I am not doing the chemotherapy anymore. I am not afraid to die,\" she explains and they gasp. \"Sweetheart, we want you to have a normal life,\" her dad said. \"My life was never normal,\" Kristen replies, \"I don't want anymore treatments, I just want to live until my dying breath.\" Elsewhere, Krampus listens to Kristen's words and tears flow down his cheeks. It was the first time in along time that he met someone who was just as brave as Ishild. \"Meinrad,\" a voice said from behind him. He turns to see Saint Nicholas and he appeared to be happy. \"You have done well this year,\" he said, \"And as a reward, I will summon Ishild's spirit to visit you for the rest of this month.\" Meinrad' heart stops beating for a minute, he could not believe his ears. \"Sir, are you serious?\" he asks and Saint Nicholas chuckles. He raises his staff and a bright light appears before them. Something emerges out of the light, it was Ishild! \"Ishild!\" Meinrad cries out and the two share an embrace. They look into each other's eyes and they kissed. \"Spend you time wisely with her,\" Saint Nicholas said and Meinrad smiles at him. \"Thank you,\" he and Ishild reply and the saint disappears before them. The two lovers embrace, again, and the dwarfs cheer and gather around the two. There was time for them to have their own celebration. \"Ishild, I love you,\" Meinrad said to her. \"I know, and I love you,\" Ishild replies and they kiss once more. From the author: Happy Holidays to my fellow readers![Chapter 20] Chapter 19 *Warning: This chapter contains lemon. Rated M* Meinrad steers his sleigh and looks down upon the city of Berlin just below. He looks at Ishild, the wind was blowing her blonde hair and she looks at the bright lights. \"So much has changed in one-thousand years,\" she said to Meinrad. \"Where are we heading to?\" she asks him. \"A boy has lost his faith in the Christmas spirit and vows to hate the holiday for all time,\" Meinrad explains. \"How dreadful,\" Ishild said and adds, \"So you punish them, how?\" \"For those who lost the spirit, I punish them with either coal in their stockings or thwack them with birch branches. Others who have a heart of greed, I take them to Hell, like the twins who stole Kristen's money,\" Meinrad replies and Ishild nods. She did look lovely in her lavish green dress and her hair was neatly done in a braided bun. Meinrad then has his mounts, demonic looking goats turn and they go down towards a house just outside the city. A blizzard was blowing fiercely and Meinrad jumps out of his sleigh. Ishild follows him, but he says, \"Stay here, this won't take long.\" \"No, I want to come with you, maybe this boy needs someone to talk to,\" she replies, but Meinrad shakes his head. The dwarfs jump out of the sleigh and one by one, they went down the chimney. \"Talking is not what I do. Children need to be reminded of what Christmas means. Don't worry so much though, they will think it was all a dream,\" Meinrad said to Ishild. Just then, they hear screaming and they see someone running out of the house and down the street. Meinrad gestures for Ishild to get on his back. She does so and Meinrad leaps from roof to roof, catching up to the person. The chains and bells rattle with every leap. The person, a young boy stops at a dead-end and turns to see the dwarfs. Meinrad jumps in front of the boy and he stares at the creature. \"You're Krampus!\" he cries out in German and he falls to his knees, \"I'm sorry! I will not hate Christmas! I promise!\" Meinrad snorts and pulls out a bunch of birch branches. Ishild, however, stands in front of him and says, \"He said he is sorry. Show him mercy.\" The dwarfs laugh and one shouts, \"We never show mercy!\" Ishild looks at Meinrad with pleading eyes, but she saw that his eyes were blood red instead of their moonlit yellow. \"Meinrad please!\" she pleads, but he moves forward and moves her aside. \"Stop!\" she cries out, tugging on his arm. Then, Meinrad pushes her away and she stares at him in shock. She watches as Meinrad grabs the boy and forces him down. TWHACK! THWACK! THWACK! The birch branches hit the boy's bottom and he cries out. The beating did not last long and Meinrad forces the boy to his feet. He looks at the boy and then pulls out a bauble with the inscription 'Gruss Vom Krampus'. He gives it to the boy and he takes it. Suddenly, something pulls the boy under the snow and he was gone. \"What did you do to him?!\" Ishild cries out and Meinrad's eyes return to normal. He sees her on the ground and that's when he realized something. \"I...I'm sorry,\" he said to her. \"That was not you, I know it wasn't,\" Ishild replies and stands to her feet. Meinrad scurries away from her when she walks up to him. \"Whenever I punish children, I can't control my body, that was part of the contract set by Lucifer,\" Meinrad said to her. \"Yes, I know, and it was not your fault. You were grieving and I understand grief. When my mother died, I asked God many times why he took her,\" Ishild replies and caresses his cheek. \"Your death was different, you were murdered by your own brother. That set me off, I wanted him to pay for my mistakes, and in the end, I ended up being a fool,\" Meinrad said and Ishild places her other hand on his other cheek. \"Lucifer is much like Gerlach, both are cruel tricksters,\" she replies and hugs him. Meinrad's heart beats fast and he holds her. Ever since Ishild came into his life, he wanted her, but he couldn't because of his beastly appearance. However, Ishild didn't care for his features, and they look into each other's eyes. Meinrad looks at his minions and they didn't utter a word. \"Go on, be yourselves, I will not stop you,\" he said to them. They laugh and then disappeared into the snowy night. Then, Meinrad holds Ishild tight, and he leaps into the air. He lands close to his sleigh and loosens his hold on Ishild. \"Meinrad, what happened to the boy?\" she asks. \"He's back in his bed and when he wakes up, he'll think it was all a dream. However, that bauble will remind him of the punishment he received and if he misbehaves, again, I won't be as merciful as before,\" Meinrad replies and moves her toward the sleigh. Both their breathing became labored and their breaths froze in the cold air. \"I want you, Ishild,\" Meinrad whispers into her ear, \"Even when you died, I still wanted you.\" \"Yes, I know,\" she replies and they kiss. It became passionate and lucious and they wanted more. Meinrad hoists Ishild into his arms and takes her into his sleigh. He leans in toward her neck and his long tongue licks it, feeling the pulse in the veins. They kissed, again, and this time, it was fierce. Meinrad's tongue enters Ishild's mouth and it dances with hers. He places a claw on her back and presses her in, making it hard for her to break free. His other claw goes down from her chest towards her womanhood. \"Let me touch you,\" Meinrad said after breaking the kiss, \"Only a touch.\" She permits him and he slid his claw through the rim of her dress and up between her legs. He cups her and Ishild begins to moan while they kissed. Meinrad carasses her wet opening, while licking her neck. \"Meinrad,\" she moans and his tongue slithers down her chest. He continues to carass it and she releases more of her juices. He breathes out frosted breaths, he wanted to be inside her, and he looks into her blue eyes. \"I want...I want you, Ishild. Let me go inside you, please,\" Meinrad pants and Ishild touches his cheek. \"I have been waiting for you to say that,\" she replies and pulls up her dress. Meinrad lays her down on the seat, and looks down on her. He moves his robe, but doesn't take it off, he wasn't sure how she would react to his body. Ishild looks up into his yellow eyes, he was enormous compared to her, but she didn't care. \"Please,\" Ishild said and Meinrad gives a gentle thrust into her. He had to be gentle, he was sure he would hurt her badly if he gave it all of his strength. Meinrad continues to gently move inside her and releases a brust of hot air. \"Ishild,\" he said and he thrusts even deeper. Then, they felt the climax coming, \"No...please...not now...\" Ishild pleads, but it was no use. Meinrad goes deeper and at the last second, he roars. They pant heavily and Meinrad removes himself, but he takes her into his embrace. \"I love you Ishild,\" he said into her ear and his tongue licks her lobe. \"And I love you Meinrad,\" she replies and kisses him once more. \"I don't want you to go, stay with me for the rest of my servitude,\" Meinrad said. \"I wish it were possible, but Saint Nicholas tends to keep his word. If you have gone through over one-thousand years, I am sure you can go through another one-thousand,\" Ishild replies and caresses his cheek. \"It will feel like an eternity,\" he said and she nods. Ishild then lowers her head to his chest and listens to his beating heart. \"You have a strong heart,\" Ishild whispers and Meinrad places a claw on her head and caresses her soft blonde hair. Just then, they hear laughter, and they see the dwarfs returning from their night of mischief. \"Damn,\" Meinrad curses and the two straighten themselves up. Then, he sniffs the air, and Ishild was sure that there was another child somewhere that needed to be punished. They notice the dwarfs, some were wobbling on their feet, and others bleched. \"You were drinking, weren't you?\" Ishild asks and the dwarfs nodded. \"Best...drinks...we had...in years,\" one dwarf said, trying to control his hiccups. Meinrad snorts out a frosted breath and gestures them to get into the sleigh. They do so and Meinrad cracks his whip, and the demonic goats went into a run. They went off into the sky and disappeared into the raging blizzard. From the author: I forgot to mention that I will move on with this with a few more chapters. So, sex with Krampus must be exciting, and that makes Ishild a lucky woman. I'll be back with more! Please leave reviews![Chapter 21] Chapter 20 Throughout the Christmas holiday, Meinrad and Ishild traveled around Europe in the sleigh. Ishild loved the new sights and sounds she experienced with Meinrad. They stopped to see fireworks explode over Vienna on Christmas Day. They also witnessed a Christmas parade in a village where men were dressed as Saint Nicholas or Krampus. Ishild chuckled under her breath when she saw the numerous Krampuses. \"They look ridiculous, they look like your goats,\" she said to Meinrad. \"Well, I do look like a goat,\" he points out and Ishild blushes in shame. \"I'm sorry,\" she replies, but Meinrad holds her tight in his arms. They then crossed the ocean to North America, as Ishild had never seen the ocean before and the lands beyond her mountain home. There were pockets of German communities where the people believed in Krampus and the creature was becoming a popular holiday icon in American culture. \"Tis a strange land,\" Ishild said to Meinrad when they stopped in the city of New York. She had never seen skyscrapers that reached the heavens, but they were unusual to her. In North America, the two of them and the dwarfs punished only a few of the children, but they only punished the ones who believed in Krampus. North America was a melting pot of cultures and Alpine culture was one of them. Afterward, they returned to Europe, as it was now nearing the end of the holiday and the New Year was fast approaching. \"I don't want you to go,\" Meinrad said when they were in the forest of Salzburg, where they first met. She looks around the frozen landscape, taking in the familiar sight of her beloved sanctuary. \"I know, but in 900 years we will be together,\" Ishild replies, but he holds her tight in his arms. \"I don't want to wait for 900 years, I want you to stay with me forever,\" Meinrad said and some of the dwarfs begin to sniffle, trying to control their emotions. Ishild embraces Meinrad and hides her teary face in his hairy neck. \"I want to stay with you forever, too, but...\" she trails off when they hear the tolling of a church bell. It rang eleven times, it was 11 o'clock at night. In an hour, the New Year will toll and Ishild will return to the afterlife. \"Ishild,\" Meinrad whispers his love's name, \"I love you so much.\" Ishild tightens her embrace and more tears fall from her eyes. \"I have an idea,\" Helmold said, \"Why don't you two run away? Hide from Saint Nicholas, he will probably give up on both of you.\" Everyone looks at the dwarf and some of them sneer. \"It is a terrible idea, Saint Nicholas will find them in no time,\" Runa replies and the other dwarfs nodded. \"I have something else in mind,\" Hartwig said and they look at him. He takes out two gold rings and hands them to Ishild and Meinrad. \"It is a silly idea, but I thought you two get married. The rings will remind you of one another, that way you will remember the good memories,\" Hartwig explains and the two look at him in surprise. Ishild's face turns a soft pink and she looks up at Meinrad. \"I think it's a splendid idea,\" she said and Meinrad nods. \"What is Saint Nicholas' other name? Santa Claus? He is said to have a wife. Krampus should have one, too,\" Runa replies and Ishild gives a smile and takes Meinrad's clawed hand. \"What do you think? I am actually at a loss for words. As Saint Nicholas said, our love is stronger than our hate towards the many evils in this world,\" Ishild said to Meinrad. \"Yes Ishild, I want this, I want to remember the times we had together and you being my wife will make me the happiest being in the world,\" Meinrad replies and they share a kiss. Then, a bright light appears above them and Meinrad sees the silhouette of Saint Nicholas. He looks at the two and Meinrad holds Ishild tight in his embrace. \"It is not time yet, is it?\" he asks his counterpart. \"Indeed, it is not, but I advise you two to hurry, the midnight toll is fast approaching and a wedding ceremony takes a lot of time,\" the saint insists and they hear the tolling of the bells, but they were playing a melody, instead of ringing the hour. \"Saint Nicholas, would you do the honors and marry us?\" Ishild asks and the blue-eyed saint chuckles. \"It would be my pleasure,\" he replies and the dwarfs gather around the couple. The saint begins to ceremony, his holy light illuminated the forest, and it shined bright. Ishild and Meinrad held hands the entire time, refusing to let go. They then exchange rings and it was official for both of them. They shared a kiss, but then, the church bells began to toll the hour and fireworks explode, the New Year had arrived. \"I'm sorry to say this, but it's time,\" Saint Nicholas said to the two. \"NO!\" Meinrad cries out and holds Ishild tight. \"I don't want her to go!\" he adds and begins to sob. Ishild and the dwarfs began to cry, too and the dwarfs gather around them. \"Meinrad, do not be sad, I'll always be near,\" Ishild said, wiping away his tears. She leans in to whisper, \"I'll persuade Nicholas to let me visit you every Christmas.\" Meinrad gives his best smile and nods. \"You will see her in your dreams while you sleep,\" the saint informs the creature. Meinrad gives Ishild one last kiss, just as the bells reached the tenth toll. \"I love you so much Meinrad,\" Ishild said to him and she joins Saint Nicholas, her hand releasing Meinrad's. \"I will always love you Ishild,\" he replies and watches them go. Ishild and the saint vanish in the holy light and they were gone. Meinrad looks at his ring on his finger and rubs it. It was as if by magic, the memories of him with Ishild over a thousand years ago appear in his mind. Hartwig was right, the ring did remind Meinrad of the good times he had with his love. Ishild would remain the only person he would truly love for all eternity. Meinrad and his dwarfs then return to their hideaway, preparing themselves to hibernate and be ready for next Christmas. Meinrad shuts his eyes, he was tired, but he was ready to dream. In at least 900 years, he would be reunited with Ishild in Heaven, and his task with Saint Nicholas would be complete. Right now, however, he wanted to dream of her and his wish was granted. Outside, the wind howled as the snow blanketed the forest, and then, a blissful silence fell upon the earth once again. From the author: Hello my fellow readers, I am sorry for not updating. I went on vacation and when I got back, I got real sick, so I had no energy to do anything, except sleep. Anyway, it is very sad that Meinrad's time with Ishild is over for now, but at least he will see her in his dreams. A reviewer asked if I am following the movie. I will not as I have not seen it, but I wanted to, mostly because it is my favorite piece of folklore. However, as I mentioned in the beginning, I have a feeling that the movie did not accurately describe the legend. I think I will do one more chapter and then the epilogue, still have not decided yet. Thank you for your patience and see you around![Chapter 22] *Note: Much of the story will be in italics, which means that Meinrad is dreaming.* Chapter 21 Meinrad finds himself in a snow-covered meadow and while the sky was clear, there was no moon or any stars shining in the sky. Meinrad had good night vision, but his strong sense of smell also helped him around. It was awfully quiet, but then, the howling of wolves filled the night. However, Meinrad was puzzled by these types of howls, they sounded more human than animal. He listens hard to the sounds and follows them, passing over a hill. He then sees a light in the distance and the howling was growing louder. When Meinrad got closer, he realized it was a hut, and the howling was actually a woman screaming. Then, Meinrad smelled blood in the air and he quietly walks up to the hut. The woman had stopped screaming, but then a man began to cry out in horror. \"What is this?!\" he shrieks and Meinrad looks through the window. He heard a baby crying, but Meinrad sees the infant on the floor. \"A monster!\" the man shouts. Meinrad looks closely at the infant, it had cloven hooves for feet, tiny horns had sprouted on the side of its head, and it was covered in black hair. The infant was him! \"Meinrad?\" a female voice said and he jumps in surprise. To his shock, it was Ishild, but the shock turned to relief, and he embraces her. \"Kill it,\" they heard the woman in the hut say. \"Take it and kill it.\" The two of them watch as the man, presumably Meinrad's father wrap the infant creature in a bundle and hurries out of the hut. Meinrad and Ishild follow the man towards the dark woods, while the infant cried, but the man places a hand over the baby's mouth. Ishild then stops when she notices a shape in the grass. It was a woman, probably middle aged with blonde hair. She wore a dark cloak and she looked to be spying on the man. Ishild watches the woman carefully sneak and watch the man. The man stops at a stream and Ishild's heart stops beating. The man lowers the bundle in the water and the infant continued to cry. Ishild sees the woman take a twig and snap it. The man looks around in a panic. The woman snaps more twigs and Ishild suspected she was trying to save the infant by pretending to be a forest animal. \"It'll drown or a wolf will eat it,\" the man said and runs off. Ishild and Meinrad watch the woman rush towards the infant and she takes it out of the water. She removes the wet blanket off of the infant and wraps it in her cloak, while looking at the beastly looking baby. Ishild looks at the woman's face, there was something familiar about her. \"Why would he do that to you?\" the woman asks the infant Meinrad. A shock courses through Ishild's body, she recognized the voice. \"Oda?\" she said and Meinrad looks at her. \"She is our storyteller!\" Ishild exclaims, but the young Oda didn't seem to hear her. Oda comforts the infant Meinrad and he calms down. Oda speaks to the infant Meinrad, \"Little one, I know you have a beautiful soul, and I know you are here on this earth for a reason. Now, I must find you a family who would not ridicule you.\" They watch her as she walks deep into the forest, while carrying the infant. It was awfully dark, but the full-grown Meinrad helped guide Ishild and they follow Oda. It felt like hours, but then, they notice a light in the distance. They then hear music and chattering. Meinrad sniffs the air, \"It's the dwarf community,\" he said to Ishild. Oda walks toward the dwarf village and they follow. Once they see the dwarfs, the folks had stopped playing and look at Oda. \"A human!\" one cries out and they scatter. \"Please!\" Oda calls out, \"This infant needs help, he needs a mother. Please, show pity, his parents abandoned him,\" she explains and the dwarfs stop to see the baby. They took one look and then, a dwarf with blonde hair takes the baby into in her embrace. \"Runa,\" Ishild said in a whisper when she recognized the young aged female dwarf. Runa feeds the infant and her husband, Hartwig embraces them. Ishild then sees Oda leaving the dwarf village and Ishild was curious as to where she was going. Ishild, however, looks back at the dwarf couple and their friends. \"What should we name him?\" Hartwig asks his wife. \"He deserves a good name,\" Runa replies. \"How about Meinrad?\" a male voice asks and Ishild sees a young Helmold. \"I believe he will be big and strong when he grows up.\" All the dwarfs nodded in agreement and Ishild and the full grown Meinrad leave the village. They follow Oda's footprints that lead away from the dwarf community and they caught up to her. They came out of the winter forest and Ishild stops to see a village just beyond the meadow. It was small, but it appeared to be expanding. \"That's my village,\" Ishild said to Meinrad. They then notice Oda running up to a man, a young Chief Randulf. \"Chief, I have horrifying news,\" she said to him, \"Theotman and his wife, they had their baby, but they killed it. I saw Theotman drown the poor infant in the stream.\" \"Theotman?\" Ishild repeats the name, but she could not recollect anyone in her village with that name. \"I knew this would happen! That woman is so selfish and vain! They must be punished! Bring them here!\" the young Chief Randulf orders the guards. The guards were joined by other men in the village and they leave. Some time later, they returned with the couple, both were bound and gagged. \"Chief, they claimed that the infant was born a monster,\" a guard said. The couple was crying as if pleading with the chief. Chief Randulf looks at Oda and asks, \"Did you see the infant?\" \"I did, but he looked healthy and beautiful, even in death. I couldn't bear to leave him exposed, so I buried him,\" Oda replies, her eyes filled with tears. The couple then began to scream, but they were muffled by the gags. \"Enough, both of you! You killed an innocent baby! Therefore, you must be punished! Chop off their heads!\" the chief orders and the guards drag the two towards the execution block. Ishild and Meinrad watch as Theotman and his wife were executed. \"Oda,\" Meinrad said to himself, \"She...she saved my life.\" \"And she spent the rest of her life protecting you by sharing that story,\" Ishild replies and she looks at the young Oda. \"And she taught my mother about compassion and showing mercy,\" she adds. \"And your mother taught you,\" Meinrad said and sits down on the ground. Then, they realize that the young Oda was staring at them. \"Do not be alarmed,\" she said and they remain still. \"I wanted to show you this, so you would understand what I had to do. Theotman was a good man, respected by the villagers, but his wife Linza was very foolish. She had no love in her heart and she taunted God when she was pregnant,\" Oda explained to them. \"Who was Linza?\" Ishild asks Oda. \"She was the chief's wife's sister,\" Oda replies and Ishild's face turns white and tightens her grip on Meinrad's hand. \"Linza was betrothed to the young chief, but when he saw how vain and arrogant she was, he broke off the engagement and married her sister, Hildegard. Linza never forgave them and the chief had her live beyond the village. \"Theotman took pity on Linza and married her, but she never loved him. When I told the chief about them killing you, I knew that he would not want a murderer for a sister-in-law. The blood of a dead newborn would stain his reputation, not just Linza's. So, both Linza's and Theotman's names and memories were erased from the village. I am sorry to show you this,\" Oda explains to them. \"No,\" Meinrad replies, \"I am grateful that you did.\" He looks at Ishild and she holds him in her embrace. Oda then points to the body of Linza and they notice a black mist seeping out of her. \"What is that?\" Ishild asks and they watch as the black mist hovers over the villagers and vanish. \"That was Linza's soul, but Lucifer had stained it. He looks for victims to feed them all evils, such as arrogance, greed, and wrath,\" Oda answers and Ishild looks down at the ground. \"He did the same to my brother,\" Ishild said and tightens her hand into a fist. \"I still want to show something, eighteen years after,\" Oda said and the vision changes. Oda had aged dramatically and so did the village. The now old Oda points to a young girl, wearing a cloak. \"That's me,\" Ishild said in a whisper and they follow her to the meadow. The young Ishild sits and waits for something. \"When I heard the story about you, I wanted to see if it was true,\" Ishild said to Meinrad. She then looks to see her young self get up to leave, but then, they see a wolf. The young girl runs away, the wolf was chasing her, but then, a figure catches the wolf. \"I caught that wolf,\" Meinrad said and Ishild looks at him in surprise. \"I saved you that night,\" he adds. They look at the young Meinrad, who appeared no different than the grown version of him. \"Ishild was natural curious at that age and I knew when I told the story about you, she would want to go look for you. I was not expecting a wolf to go after her that night, but you did save her. You didn't realize it,\" Oda explains to them. \"Wait, you knew that I would go looking for Meinrad that night?\" Ishild asks and Oda nods, \"And ten years later?\" Ishild adds and Oda nods, again. \"In a way, I brought you two together,\" the old woman replies, \"But, like all trials in life, Lucifer taunts those who have compassion towards others. Meinrad, I am afraid that once this dream is over, you will be tested by Lucifer. He will try to break you, crush you with everything he has, but as long as you have love in your heart, you will succeed.\" Meinrad stares at the old storyteller and his heart beats faster. Ishild calms him, but he was still afraid of the upcoming test. \"What of Saint Nicholas? Will he help Meinrad?\" Ishild asks. \"No, Saint Nicholas has allowed Lucifer to taunt Meinrad, but just this once. If you succeed, Lucifer will not test you for the remainder of your servitude,\" Oda informs Meinrad and she turns to leave, but then adds, \"And I am afraid that Ishild cannot provide comfort during the test.\" Ishild hugs Meinrad and they held on to each for a long time. \"I am not afraid, Lucifer cannot beat me,\" Meinrad said to her. \"I don't want him to hurt you,\" Ishild replies, but he chuckles. \"He gave me immortality, so I will be immune to injuries,\" he said, but that did not help calm Ishild's nerves. \"He can take it away,\" she replies and she stands up to leave. \"I am afraid that I am being called back to Heaven. I don't want to leave you,\" she adds, holding Meinrad's hands in hers. Meinrad kisses her softly and releases her, \"I will pass this test,\" he said and Ishild walks away from him and disappears. Meinrad wakes up in surprise, he was back in his cave, and it was awfully cold. He stands up and walks out of the cave to see fresh snow falling. He looks around the forest, nothing was around, and he heard the rustling of twigs. Meinrad's breath froze whenever he exhaled and he stares up at the gray sky. Snowflakes fell on his face and Meinrad looks through the tall trees, wondering what animal lurked beyond. He inhales a deep breath and gives one last frosted exhale before returning to his cave. He lies down and shuts his eyes, \"I am ready,\" he whispers and he falls asleep once more. From the author: I would like to answer some of yasdnilgoth's questions: Meinrad is or was a member of the Baemi tribe until his parents abandoned him. Meinrad did age normally like a human until he was cursed. Meinrad was eighteen and Ishild was six and ten years later, he was twenty-eight and she was sixteen, so Meinrad was twelve years older than her. So, will Meinrad survive Lucifer's brutal test? Find out later.[Chapter 23] *Note: Much of this chapter will be in italics.* *Warning: There will be depictions of torture throughout.* Chapter 22 Meinrad knew his was dreaming, as his surroundings were dark as night, but he heard chattering. He takes a step forward and then another. Then, the scene changes to that of the snow-covered forest. Meinrad sniffs the air, but there was no scent in the air. He listens carefully and the chattering gets closer. Suddenly, something grabs Meinrad and pulls him under the snow. Meinrad, however, grabs a root of a tree and pulls himself out of the ground. Just as he was climbing out, his claw touches something, a boot. Meinrad looks up to see Chief Randulf and he also notices the villagers, they surrounded him. \"Monster!\" some of them shout and someone rattles chains. The villagers shout and scream at Meinrad. He felt a tinge of hatred towards them, they would never accept him as he was hideous. Even if his parents were part of the Baemi tribe, not one of the villagers would see him as one of their own. He looks at each of them, the villagers had no mercy in their eyes, and then, they became dark like shadows. The shadows continue to shout at Meinrad and suddenly, the shadows jump on him, consuming him in total blackness. Meinrad was surrounded by darkness and his night vision did not help. Suddenly, he felt a chain whip him across his chest. More chains whip him across his body, including his face. Blood flowed from a cut on his cheek and he heard laughter. \"Freak!\" he heard Helmold shout and the dwarfs appear. They rattle the chains for dramatic effect and some of them whip the chains at Meinrad. \"Ugly!\" \"Pathetic!\" \"Beast!\" some of them shout ridicules at Meinrad. He didn't understand; the dwarfs had accepted him when he was an infant as he was like them. Why were they hurting him? That was when he realized that this was part of Lucifer's test. \"None of you would hurt me,\" he said and that's when the dwarfs stop hitting him. Meinrad then charges at them, clawing at their faces. One by one, the dwarfs became shadows, and they scurry into the darkness. However, the shadows return, but they form into a dark snake, and it coils around Meinrad. He struggles to catch his breath as it squeezes him, but he was able to stomp on its tail. The snake releases a cry and it releases him. The snake scurries away from him, but it stares at Meinrad with blood-red eyes. He recognizes them as Lucifer's eyes and he shouts, \"You are a coward, Lucifer!\" That was when the snake became Lucifer and he stares at Meinrad. \"A coward? I gave you immortality! How is that in any way cowardly?\" the Devil asks. \"You stole my life!\" Meinrad shouts back, but Lucifer just chuckles. \"May I remind you that Gerlach killed the love of your life and you wanted revenge. Now, I believe that Gerlach claimed that it wasn't his fault that he killed his sister. And let's not forget their father, he just watched his son kill Ishild. Now who is the coward?\" Lucifer asks him and Meinrad felt confused. He presses his palms to his ears, \"Stop it!\" he shouts at Lucifer. However, the Devil continues to laugh, mostly at Meinrad. Lucifer then disappears and his laughter stops. When it was calm, Meinrad looks around. He was back in the forest, but he kept his eyes and ears open. The next thing he knew, a freak snowstorm arrived and the wind and snow were powerful. Meinrad did not mind as he was used to such conditions. \"What is this? Is that all you got?\" Meinrad asks Lucifer, who was not there, but he knew he was watching. Suddenly, a powerful wind gust hit Meinrad, sending him backward and he landed on his back. The snow came down in big chunks and Meinrad could not see as it was blinding. It was then that Meinrad felt a stinging sensation all over his body and he realizes that the snow was eating his coat away! The snow was like acid and Meinrad hurries to find shelter, but the acid snow blinded him. He shuts his eyes and runs aimlessly through the woods. He kept hitting or running into trees and the acid snow was agonizing as it ate away at Meinrad's exposed skin. \"Meinrad!\" he heard his name being called. It was Ishild's voice and he follows it. Ishild had been watching Meinrad and she wanted to help, but Saint Nicholas silences her. \"This is Lucifer's test, you must not help Meinrad in any way,\" he reminds her. \"Meinrad can't find his way, I need to help!\" Ishild replies, but the saint silences her and she had no voice. She began to cry and watches helplessly. Meinrad didn't hear Ishild anymore and he knew that she was forced to remain silent. However, he did hear Lucifer, \"If you can't take this, I say give up.\" \"No,\" Meinrad simply replies and that was when the snow stops falling. Meinrad opens his eyes to see his clawed hands covered in sores and he touches his face, it was also covered in sores. He was in pain, but he refuses to give in to Lucifer's torment. He then hears rushing water and he crawls toward the river as he had no strength in his legs. Finally, he came upon the river and he merges in. The sores began to heal and Meinrad drenches himself with the cold water. \"HELP!\" he heard Ishild's voice, again, and she sounded close. Meinrad raises himself up from the water and looks around, but Ishild was nowhere in sight. However, he notices a bow and a quiver of arrows at the shore. He takes them, touching the arrows, making sure they were real. \"Meinrad!\" he heard Ishild, again, and her voice echoes throughout the forest. He notices a shape and he takes an arrow and fires. It was a shadow and it scurries away once it was hit by the arrow. \"AIIIIIIIIEEEEEEEEEE!\" Meinrad heard screaming from all directions and the shadows return. They surround him and scream at him. Meinrad knew they were trying to break him by taking out his hearing. He covers his ears, the screaming was horrific and deafening. He then takes aim with an arrow and fires at one shadow, but it screamed even more. Meinrad's eardrums were hurting and he was afraid that they would burst. He looks at the shadows and sees one shadow that was not screaming. He takes aim and fires at it. The screaming ceased and the shadow falls down and the others scurry away from Meinrad. Meinrad looks at the shadow and was shocked to see it manifest into Ishild. The memory of her dying floods back to him and he cries out in anguish. \"No! Ishild!\" he cries out to the sky. He turns away from the body, trying to contain himself, but then, the body of Ishild transforms into Lucifer. \"Have I finally broken you?\" he asks Meinrad. He does not answer and instead, he looks up in the sky, as if in defeat. \"Tell me so,\" Lucifer said, but Meinrad does not answer. He knew that it was Lucifer, but he wanted to finish him, and he had a plan. Lucifer walks slowly toward Meinrad. \"Answer me you ugly cow-\" Suddenly, Meinrad turns and fires an arrow at Lucifer's eye. The Devil screeches in pain and his hands flail around, looking around for Meinrad. \"You cheating bastard!\" Lucifer shouts and stomps on the ground. That was when the whole world around them shatters like glass and it was dark as night. Lucifer looks at Meinrad with his one eye, but he fires another arrow at it. He missed and Lucifer reaches for him. Meinrad dodges away from him. \"No! Where are you?!\" Lucifer shouts and he pulls the arrow out of his eye. \"I'll finish you myself!\" he angrily yells out, searching for Meinrad. Suddenly, Meinrad charges at Lucifer, head-butting him and the Devil falls on his back. Saint Nicholas and Ishild watch in astonishment and the saint summons a light for Meinrad. Meinrad sees the light and runs toward it. Suddenly, he felt something coil around his leg and he looks to see Lucifer's tail. \"You dare to run from me?!\" he shouts, but Meinrad kicks at his face, leaving a hoof-mark. He continues to kick at him until Lucifer's tail loosens and Meinrad flees toward the light. Once he got closer, he realized that there was a door, and he shuts it behind him. \"NO!\" he heard Lucifer shout and the Devil opens the door. Meinrad kicks at him, again, and deadbolts the door. \"Run Meinrad!\" Saint Nicholas shouts, \"And don't look back!\" Meinrad obeys and runs up a slope, but it was icy and he slips. He regains his footing without looking back and he hurries toward the light. Suddenly, something catches one of the chains on Meinrad and the force pulls him back toward the door. \"NO!\" he cries and struggles to break free. Just then, a figure rushes in and stomps on the hand that held onto the chain. \"Get up!\" Ishild demands and Meinrad gets to his feet. They rush towards the end of the tunnel and they made it out and they were engulfed by bright light. Meinrad awoke with a start and pants heavily. He looks to see the dwarfs surrounding him, they looked puzzled and shocked. \"Meinrad, what happened?\" Runa asks her adopted son. He looks to see that he was back in his cave and he heard birds chirping outside, spring had arrived. \"Just a nightmare,\" he simply replies. He knew that he passed Lucifer's test, but the Devil must be furious for it. The dwarfs return to their dozing dreams, but Meinrad listens to the birds outside. Once again, Ishild saved his life and he was forever grateful. He shuts his eyes, again, and wanders off to sleep. \"Meinrad,\" he heard his name and he sees Ishild and Saint Nicholas. Ishild runs into his embrace and he holds her tight. \"You passed the test, you did not let the hatred consume you,\" Saint Nicholas said and Meinrad nods. \"If you did surrender to Lucifer, you would've been his slave for eternity,\" the saint adds. \"I remember you saying that my love for Ishild is much stronger than my hate towards man,\" Meinrad replies and Ishild kisses him. \"True, and the love for your adopted family is also strong,\" the saint said, \"And as a reward, you will spend the rest of your hibernation with Ishild until you awake and begin another year,\" he adds and then leaves them. Meinrad holds Ishild tight in his arms. \"It's over,\" she said and gently touches both sides of his face. \"Lucifer will no longer taunt you,\" she adds. Meinrad lets the tears fall from his eyes and breathes in Ishild's scent. \"Ishild, can you show me the birds?\" he asks and she smiles at him. He wanted to see the birds of spring as he had never seen any in a very long time. Then, their surroundings turned into the forest, only it was not covered in snow. Instead, the trees and grass were a bright green and the sky was a bright blue. Meinrad looks to see numerous birds flying around and singing. Ishild takes Meinrad by the hand and she leads him, showing him the forest that was reawakening from its winter slumber. From the author: Meinrad passed the test! A glorious time for him and Ishild! Lucifer is very cruel, but Meinrad outsmarted him and he refused to surrender. Just to let you know, love always prevails. I believe I will do just a few more chapters and then it will be complete! See you soon![Chapter 24] *Note: The font will be normal, instead of italics, but Meinrad is still dreaming.* Chapter 23 Meinrad and Ishild lay on their backs to look up at the cloudless blue sky, watching the birds fly by. Meinrad inhales the sweet smell of spring. \"I always admired spring,\" he said to Ishild. \"Me too,\" she replies and lifts herself up. Then, they hear a twig snap, and they turn to see a bear just further away from them. \"It's a bear,\" she whispers and Meinrad looks at it. Just then, they hear more noises and were astonished to see two bear cubs running to their mother. The two cubs play with the mother bear, but they stop when she sees Meinrad and Ishild. She just looks at them and the cubs look at them, too. Meinrad stands up, staring at them with his moonlit yellow eyes. \"Stay here,\" he orders Ishild and slowly walks over to the bear. \"Are you crazy?\" she whispers back, but he ignores her. He stops a few feet away from the bears, but then, the cubs walk over to him. Meinrad holds out his claw and the cubs sniff at it. Then, the mother bear growls at Meinrad, but he holds his ground, only he noticed that the bear was not growling at him. He hears Ishild, she sounded like she was breathing heavily. \"Ishild, be quiet,\" he warns, but her breathing did not stop. \"I can't,\" she replies and then, she throws up. The mother bear sniffs the air and steps back, she could smell the vomit, and it did smell awful. She gathers her cubs and walks away from them. Meinrad exhales a sigh of relief, he was afraid the bear would attack Ishild, and he walks back to her. \"Are you all right?\" he asks and looks at the little pile of vomit. Ishild spits out whatever was left in her mouth. \"I'm sorry, I've been like this after the New Year,\" Ishild replies and stands to her feet. Meinrad feels her forehead, she had no fever, and she did look tired. He hoists her up into his arms. \"What are you doing?\" Ishild asks. \"I'm taking you to see Oda, maybe she knows what's going on with you,\" he replies and walks out of the forest. They find a lone hut in the meadow, which was Oda's place as she resided in the afterlife with Ishild. They discover the old woman outside, tending to some needlework, and she looks up to see them. \"Meinrad, what is wrong with her?\" she asks. \"I was going to ask you,\" he replies and lays Ishild down. \"She has no fever, but she said she's been vomiting for some time,\" he explains. Oda looks around Ishild and then takes her inside her hut. \"Stay out here,\" Oda orders Meinrad and he stays put. Inside, Oda has Ishild lay down on her bed, and Oda examines her body. \"How long have you been having these spells?\" the wise old woman asks. \"Ever since the New Year,\" Ishild answers and then, Oda begins to laugh. \"What is so funny?\" Ishild asks, wondering if the old woman had lost her mind. \"Oh, child, I'm surprised you don't know your own body,\" Oda said, but Ishild was confused. \"It is simple, you're with child,\" she adds and Ishild thought she was going to faint. \"Me? Pregnant?\" she asks and Oda nods. Ishild knew some knowledge about pregnancy as she witnessed her mother's pregnancy with her brother, but she never thought it would cause so much agony. \"Look at your stomach,\" Oda said and shows a mirror. Ishild lifts up her dress to see her somewhat extended belly, but she barely noticed. \"It will get bigger over time,\" Oda adds and then, Ishild lays down, again. She wished she was happy, but she was really scared. She knew Meinrad was the father, but how would the baby turn out? Would it turn out be a normal human being or have Meinrad's appearance? Ishild then shakes that thought of her mind, she did not care how this child would appear, she and Meinrad were going to love it. However, something did cross her mind; how would Meinrad react? \"How should I tell Meinrad?\" she asks Oda. The old woman chuckles. \"Surprise him, tell him a little rascal hit you in the stomach,\" Oda answers, but Ishild did not want to tell Meinrad that. She knew that Meinrad would angry instead of surprised. He usually had a temper towards those who would hit Ishild. \"I'll try to think of something,\" Ishild replies and leaves the hut. Meinrad stands up to attention. \"Are you all right?\" he asks. \"She will be fine, but just to warn you, she will be sick for some time. She does have something to tell you,\" Oda said and Ishild's face turns red. Meinrad looks at Ishild with a questioning look. \"I think you best tell him in private,\" Oda advises her and Ishild takes Meinrad by the hand and they leave. They return to the lush green forest and they stop. They see a stag with a doe and they had a fawn. That gave Ishild an idea and takes Meinrad's hands. \"Look at them,\" she said, pointing to the stag with his family. \"How would you feel if we had a child?\" Meinrad looks at her with a confused look, but replies, \"I would probably be the happiest being in the entire world.\" He looks back at the stag, who was staring back at Meinrad. The stag looked wise beyond his years and he leads his family away. \"I'm going to show you something, just promise me you will not be horrified,\" Ishild said and begins to lift up her dress. She features her belly that barely looked extended. Meinrad was confused as he had no idea what Ishild was trying to tell him. He thinks hard and long, but then it hits him like a rock. \"Could you...could you really...?\" he stutters and Ishild begins to chuckle. He touches her stomach and he takes a long sniff of it. That was when an image of a child fills his mind. Meinrad was not sure if he was going to pass out or fall down. \"Oh my...\" was all he could say before pulling Ishild into his embrace. \"You have no idea how happy you just made me,\" he said to her and releases her. He then falls on his back and begins to laugh like a crazy person. Ishild joins in and they embraced and laugh like there was no tomorrow. Meinrad knew he was sure things would different from now on and he wanted to prove that there was no barrier between him and his new family. From the author: Surprise! Meinrad is going to be a father! *Laughs* I had this on my mind for quite a while and I think this was the perfect time. I am sure that both Ishild and Meinrad will make great parents. Stay tuned for more![Chapter 25] *Note: There will be references to September 11, 2001 (A very tragic day that shook the world to its core)* Chapter 24 The months had passed rather quickly for both Meinrad and Ishild to count. Ishild's stomach grew bigger with each passing week and Meinrad would listen and feel the infant inside. At times, he was worried that his child would turn out like him, but Ishild made him promise to love his child no matter its appearance. The dwarfs were finally brought into Meinrad's dream and they were ecstatic to see Ishild. \"The afterlife works in mysterious ways,\" Runa comments on Ishild's pregnancy. Meinrad, who was good at crafting in wood and fur, spent a lot of time making a crib and even made and stuffed a teddy bear. The dwarfs helped out in clearing a place for the crib. \"You are amazing,\" Ishild said to him when he finished the bear, \"But why is this bear happy and wearing a bow?\" she asks as she never seen a teddy bear. \"It's a teddy bear, children sleep with them. The first one was created in 1902 to honor the United States' president Theodore Roosevelt, but he actually loathed the nickname Teddy. The softer version was made in Germany a year later,\" Meinrad explains and Ishild caresses it. Runa offered advise to Ishild on how to take care of herself and the baby. \"Ishild, I never told Meinrad this, but I was pregnant once. Unfortunately, I lost the child in a miscarriage and when I saw Oda with Meinrad that night, I knew that he was meant to be my son,\" Runa explains to her. Ishild took to long naps in the day-time and even asked for strange things to eat. Meinrad tended to her wishes, as he was her husband and a husband must honor a wife's wishes. There were times that Ishild would have mood swings and would sometimes lash out at Meinrad. Both Oda and Runa assured that Ishild did not mean to hurt his feelings. After an episode, Ishild would apologize to Meinrad and he forgave her. \"The last thing I want to do is to be angry at you,\" Ishild said to him and he would comfort her. It was finally nearing the end of summer and Ishild's day was fast approaching. Oda checks on the progress and begins to think. \"I say this child will be due at the end of September,\" she said to them. \"I hate to wait,\" Meinrad mutters, but Ishild insisted that he be patient. A few days later, on a bright, clear morning, Meinrad heard the sounds of howling. He thought it was unusual for wolves to howl in the morning, but he then realizes that it was not howling at all. He gently awakens Ishild from her slumber. \"Do you hear that?\" he asks and Ishild listens carefully. It became clear then, that the sounds were of horrific crying coming from the west. \"Ahhhhhhhhhh!\" Meinrad cries out in pain, grabbing his chest. He collapses to the ground and pants heavily as the pain in his chest grew ten-fold. \"Meinrad, what's wrong?!\" Ishild pleads and she felt his pulse. His heart was beating hard and fast. He claws at the ground and continues to pant heavily. Ishild orders some of the dwarfs to find Oda, but they didn't have to look far. Her face featured grief and horror. \"Oh, it is awful!\" she cries and breaks down in tears. \"What is it? What is going on?\" Ishild asks. Meinrad then screams in pain, again, and he covers his ears and Ishild was terrified of what was happening to him. Finally, after a few minutes, the pain in Meinrad subsided, but he looked dazed. Ishild comes to his side and she sees the agony in his eyes. \"Murder...\" he whispers to her, \"Two giants...in New York...have fallen...\" he pants and Ishild's mind flashes with images. She sees two tall skyscrapers, smoke and fire coming out, and then they crumble to the ground. She then screams in horror as she realized what Meinrad was feeling. \"There is...more...I see...\" Ishild said as her mind features more fire and smoke coming from a smaller building and from an open field. \"I see it, too,\" Meinrad replies and the dwarfs begin to cry out in misery. The cries from the west grew louder and it was then that the east joined in. \"Evil...evil has...committed a horrific crime,\" he adds through his tears. \"Someone's father, mother, children, their lives have been taken too soon by evil,\" Meinrad said and Ishild buries her face and they begin to cry. All through the day and into the evening, the cries from the west continued. Meinrad and Ishild listen to the cries the entire day. \"You will send them to Hell, those who committed these crimes,\" Ishild said to Meinrad, but he does not answer. \"He can't,\" Oda joins in and adds, \"These people do not believe in the existence of Krampus, they are different from the people they murdered. God will punish them.\" Just then, they hear shouts coming from both the east and west. They sounded angry, but they could not understand, as the shouts were in tongues they never heard before. They listened, the strange tongues continued to shout, as if they were accusing someone. The shouts then turned to sadness, they had joined in with the cries from the west. \"Those people...they know who committed the crimes, but they are powerless to stop them,\" Oda said to them. The child inside Ishild moved around in her womb and both she and Meinrad felt the movement. They knew their child was listening to the horrific screaming. That night, the group made a makeshift memorial and lit candles. They listen to the bells of churches as they play a mournful tune. \"This will be a day that all of humanity will remember for all eternity,\" Meinrad said, \"And so will we.\" Weeks later, the world slowly recovered from the horrific attacks and Meinrad felt the pain in his heart subside slowly. His heart had ached for those who lost a father, mother, brother, sister, and child. He did realize on that day, all of the world came together like a family. It was nearing the end of the month of September and Ishild's due date was approaching. On a chilly autumn morning, the sun had not risen yet, but Ishild was aroused by sheer pain in her back. The child was moving and she summons Oda and Runa. \"You're in labor, we best get you ready,\" Oda said. They laid her down on a makeshift bed made of straw in Oda's hut and that was when the pain increased. Runa had shooed Meinrad away, \"You will see them soon,\" she assured her son. All he could now was to be patient, which he despised greatly. Meinrad walks a bit further away, not wanting to hear Ishild's screams of pain. Minutes passed and his impatience was getting the best of him, but he was also worried. Hartwig joins his son, \"You remind me of myself,\" he said, \"I was always impatient with certain things, but life is about patience.\" \"I am not just impatient, what if the child turns out to be like me?\" Meinrad asks, but Hartwig gives a frown. \"Remember Meinrad, you are love your child no matter what,\" he reminds him. Just as he finished, the cries of a baby filled the air. The other dwarfs came running toward Meinrad, shouting, \"It's a girl! It's a girl!\" Meinrad's worry had turned to relief and he rushes back toward the hut. Oda opens the door for him and he sees Ishild cradling the newborn infant, her face was red. He sniffs the air, there was a new scent and he walks over to them. \"She is lovely,\" Runa said, rubbing her eyes, as if she was trying to control her tears. Meinrad walks over to Ishild and looks at his newborn daughter. She had perfect pink skin, with black hair on top of her head, her eyes were a hazel color, but to Meinrad's relief, she did not have cloven hooves for feet. The baby looks at Meinrad with a curious eye, but then begins to fuss. \"She's hungry,\" Oda said and Ishild lends her baby her breast. She suckles for some time and then looks back at Meinrad. The next thing they hear was their daughter's laughter. Her tiny hands reach for her father and Meinrad looks at her curiously. \"Oh, she likes you,\" Ishild said and hands her over to him. Meinrad never held a baby before, but he takes his infant daughter in his arms and holds her close to his face. Her soft baby hands touch his face in a curious gesture and Meinrad cradles her. \"What will name her?\" Hartwig asks the two. \"I refuse to name her Linza,\" Meinrad said, referring to the birth mother who abandoned him. Ishild takes his hand into hers, \"What about Leofflæd? She loves you already,\" she said and Meinrad liked that name. \"Leofflæd, our beloved,\" he said and the baby girl falls asleep, again. \"I say it's time for a celebration!\" Helmold exclaims and all of the dwarfs rush out of the hut. Meinrad groans as the dwarfs became their mischievous selves, again. However, he feel at ease and the pain in his heart had turned to joy. While there was much pain and suffering in the world, there was a flame that burned bright. Meinrad knew it was the flame of love and it would some day rage like a wild fire, consuming the world. Meinrad thought hard; if many people came together in times of grief, then perhaps evil will be extinguished, but he knew that evil was like a snake. It would slither up to its unsuspecting victims and drain the life out of them. \"Lucifer, you know nothing of love. I may look hideous, but I am nothing like you,\" Meinrad said aloud. \"If you dare harm my family, I'll try my best to kill you. However, I believe it will be impossible to destroy all evil, but as long as there is love, it will tie people together, and you can't break it.\" Far from the hut, Lucifer had heard Meinrad's words and he snorts. Every since Meinrad passed his test, Lucifer was forbidden to go anywhere near him. Lucifer was still furious over Meinrad's success. However, Lucifer was not finished with Meinrad. He would continue to taunt him, at least try to break him, and now that Meinrad had a child, it would be easy to do so. Lucifer then summons a shadow-like snake. \"I am forbidden to go near Meinrad, but I know you can taunt him for me,\" he said to it, \"Do whatever you want with him.\" The snake slithers away and Lucifer leaves, letting the dwarfs to celebrate. From the author: Meinrad is a father! How exciting is that?! But I am terrible, Lucifer still wants to break him. Let's just hope Meinrad goes through the temptation. The name Leofflæd is Anglo-Saxon and it combines the words leof \"agreeable, dear, beloved\" and flæd \"beauty\". For the 9/11 reference, I wanted to feature what the characters thought of this horrific time in history. In the end, however, life renews and even new life begins. I do believe that miscarried babies do get a chance to be born in Heaven, hence the reason why Ishild became pregnant, despite being an angel. Looking forward to work on more of this! See you soon![Chapter 26] Chapter 25 The month of September faded away and October arrived. On the first morning, Meinrad took a whiff of the crisp autumn air. The dwarfs drank and dance for hours following Leofflæd's birth. They were drunk and mischievous, but then Meinrad had enough of their humorous ways. That morning, Meinrad shouts at them, \"ATTENTION!\" The dwarfs stood up and straightened themselves. Meinrad looks at each of them, much like an officer checking on his comrades. He snorts in their faces. \"As much as I envy you for being carefree, I really don't appreciate your mischief this time. I let you play during the festivities of the twelfth month, but I believe this time is too much,\" he said to them. \"We're sorry,\" Helmold replies and then hiccups. The other dwarfs nodded. \"It is October and it is getting close to Christmas again. I must insist that all of you to never have a drop of alcohol until then, for my daughter's sake,\" Meinrad orders and they nod. Meinrad sees Ishild with Leofflæd, who was just a day old. He joins them, the little baby stares up at her father, and laughs. He takes her in his arms and holds her up to his face to look into her hazel eyes. \"She looks...unusual,\" Meinrad said to Ishild. She chuckles and wraps a blanket around Leofflæd. \"How so? Like a little blob? All babies look like that when they're born,\" Ishild replies and Meinrad cradles his infant daughter. \"I wonder what Christmas will be like without you around,\" Ishild adds. \"What do you mean?\" Meinrad asks. \"I mean, you being gone to punish the naughty every Christmas or the whole month of December. You will be gone during that time and... Leofflæd will be growing up during that time,\" Ishild explains and Meinrad did feel his heart tear into pieces. \"I know it is tough, but Leofflæd will be asking where her father goes every Christmas. It would break her heart and mine and I am sure yours,\" Ishild said to Meinrad, his face looking at the ground. \"Would she at least forgive me?\" he asks. \"I don't know, some children will forgive their fathers, but others will not. I have forgiven my father for-\" Meinrad stomps on his hoof, he hated to hear of Gerhard. \"He let your brother abuse you!\" he snarls, Leofflæd began to fuss. \"It was not his fault, when my mother died, his mind became fragile and he-\" \"He did nothing to save you!\" Meinrad shouts angrily, causing Leofflæd to cry. Ishild grabs hold of his arm and holds it tight. After a minute, Meinrad calms down. \"I'm sorry,\" he said and he calms Leofflæd down. He hands her over to Ishild and turns to leave. \"Where are you going?\" she asks. \"I want to be alone,\" he answers and walks away from the clearing. He wonders into the forest and out into the meadow, where he saw the surrounding trees painted in golds and reds. He notices some crows flying overhead, winter was coming. Meinrad hated winter, other than being so dismal, it took him away from the ones he loved, and he didn't want to be alone. Then, his ears pick up a sound, and he looks around. It sounded like a snake hissing, only louder and it sounded close. Meinrad dared to look behind him and to his shock, a large black snake looks down on him. It hisses at him and stares at him with its cold, yellow eyes. Meinrad snorts at it and stomps his hooves, he was ready for a fight with this taunting creature. \"Lucifer sent you, to do away with me. Well, come and get me, if you dare,\" Meinrad said to the snake. Suddenly, its tail coils around Meinrad's leg and pulls him to his knees. It opens its mouth wide, but then, Meinrad sinks his teeth into its eye. Black blood squirts out and Meinrad attacks the other eye, rendering the snake blind. The snake loosens its tail and Meinrad leaps out of its range. \"It can still smell you,\" Lucifer's voice said and Meinrad looks to see where the Devil was. The snake then strikes at Meinrad, but he moves away. Meinrad roars at the snake, he had to get it far from the forest where his family was. The snake sniffs the air and follows him. It was quick when it slithered, but Meinrad was much faster. He did, however, allowed the snake to catch up to him. Meinrad then hears a waterfall and he realized he was trapped. Meinrad was sure the snake would survive a fall. He had to kill it. That was when he felt something in his coat and he takes it out, it was a bow and a quiver of arrows. These arrows looked unusual, the heads appeared to be made of gold and they shined. Meinrad did not have time to think, he pulls one out and takes aim. That was when the memories of Ishild introducing him to the bow and arrows filled his mind. He inhales deeply and exhales as the snake drew closer to him. The snake raises itself high and was prepared to strike when Meinrad lets his arrow fly. The arrow pierces the snake's dark scaly skin and passes through its innards and out its back. The snake falls to the ground, dead at Meinrad's feet. Meinrad releases a sigh of relief, it was over. \"AAAAIIIIIIIIIEEEEEEEEEEEEE!\" came a screech and Meinrad sees Lucifer just a few feet away. \"You-you-devil!\" Lucifer shouts at him. \"Me? A devil? If I recall correctly, you taunt many innocent victims, and when things don't go your way, you never rest until those who taunt you are dead,\" Meinrad said to him, but Lucifer just stares at him. \"Now, if I see you anywhere near my family, I will shoot one of these arrows at you. I must warn you, God or Saint Nicholas blessed these arrows,\" Meinrad adds and Lucifer vanishes in a flash of fire. The snake also vanishes in a cloud of ash, but then, a bright light appears in front of Meinrad. Saint Nicholas stands in front with a smile on his face. \"Well done Meinrad, Lucifer will never taunt you again,\" he said and then adds, \"However, I must tell you, once December arrives, you will be away from your family.\" Meinrad was afraid of this and says, \"Then, I will not see my daughter on Christmas.\" Saint Nicholas nods and Meinrad looks down at the ground. \"I understand,\" Meinrad replies and turns to leave. He still had two months to spend with his family before returning to his duty. However, he decided to make good of these two months, and he swore to himself that he would do so. Meinrad returns to the clearing and Ishild rushes up to him. \"Are you all right?\" she asks. \"I am fine, where's Leofflæd?\" he replies. \"Asleep in the hut, you were gone for over an hour,\" Ishild said and he nods. \"Ishild, in two months I will be returning to my duties. I've decided to make best of them and spend them with you and Leofflæd,\" Meinrad said and Ishild smiles. They went into the hut and watch over their sleeping child. From the author: Meinrad has done it again! Good for him. In case you are wondering, Meinrad has 922 years left on his contract and then he will regain his soul. At that time, who knows what the holidays will be like. I like to use my imagination, so, we'll see. See you soon![Chapter 27] Chapter 26 The month of October served as a recovering period for everyone following the horrific events in the previous month. Halloween had arrived and in the afterlife, Meinrad and Ishild, with their daughter and the dwarfs held their own celebration for the night of spooks. The dwarfs promised to not overdue on their drinking and instead, some played with their instruments and others danced with Meinrad and Ishild. Runa and Oda took turns watching over Leofflæd. Some of the dwarfs were being mischievous as usual, pulling harmless pranks on one another and scaring each other silly. Meinrad frowns at this behavior, but Leofflæd seemed to be enjoying the dwarfs' crazy playfulness. The celebrations ceased when midnight tolled and November arrived. It was nearing Christmas again and Meinrad feels dread, he didn't want to go back to the mortal world as it would mean missing Leofflæd's first Christmas. \"I say we have our own Christmas celebration,\" Helmold declares one morning, \"It will be early, but at least Meinrad will not miss out on Leofflæd's first Christmas.\" Meinrad and Ishild loved the idea and Meinrad prepared a special present for his daughter. Day and night, he worked hard on making it. He made a musical box with a porcelian horse and rider. He modeled the rider after Ishild and the melody was of 'Silent Night'. The key was painted gold and he finished his finest work on the eve of Thanksgiving. Meinrad tested it, it worked perfectly and he takes it into his hand and carries it all around. The dwarfs had prepared a feast with big turkeys and the finest wines they ever made. Ishild, with Leofflæd strapped to her chest, was pulled out of the preparations and met with Meinrad. He shows the music box to both of them. Ishild oohed at the sight of the magnificent creation and Leofflæd reaches for it. Meinrad turns the key and the box begins to play 'Silent Night'. \"Oh, Meinrad, you are a genius,\" Runa comments on her adoptive son's masterpiece. Leofflæd smiles at her present and Meinrad says to Ishild, \"Play it at night, it will give her good dreams. Pretend it is me singing to her.\" Meinrad then ties a string around the key and slips it over Leofflæd's head. She cooes and plays at the key. The music box finishes its melody and it goes silent. Then the festivities began. As before, there was eating, drinking, and dancing. \"We should do this more often when we are here,\" Hartwig said to Runa, his wife. Meinrad and Ishild danced for awhile, but Ishild noticed that something was troubling her husband. \"What is wrong?\" she asks. He walks away from the dancing and so did Ishild, following Meinrad. He stops and stares at Ishild. \"For the longest time, my heart feels heavy. It's not of love, but something else, almost like grief,\" he explains to her. \"How long have you felt this way?\" Ishild asks, touching his face. \"All my life I believe, I should've told you this sooner, but I thought I would feel relief when I passed Lucifer's test or when Leofflæd was born. I still feel that grief, nothing seems to cure it,\" Meinrad explains to Ishild. Ishild did not know what to think of Meinrad's situation. She experienced times when she felt at her lowest, even in the afterlife. \"I wish I had an answer, but I just don't,\" she replies and Meinrad exhales a breath. Then, out of the blue, snow began to fall. This was actually normal as their home in Austria would have the first snowfall around this time. Leofflæd was curious of the tiny white flakes and flails her arms around, wanting to catch one. Then, a bell began to toll the midnight hour. \"No!\" Meinrad cries out, \"I don't want to go back, not yet!\" He craddles his daughter in his arms and embraces Ishild. \"Listen Meinrad, you will be gone for some time, but not forever,\" Ishild said, but Meinrad shakes his head. The bell tolled three times already and Meinrad's image began to fade from the afterlife. \"We will be gone for at least 35 days,\" Helmold said before he went back to the mortal world. \"35 days, they will go by in a flash,\" Ishild said to Meinrad and he presses his hand to his eyes. Ishild then plays the music box one more time for him to listen. The bell tolled another three, but Meinrad ignored it as the music box played wonderfully. Leofflæd then yawns and falls asleep in her father's arms. \"I love you, my sweet,\" he said in her tiny ear. He hands her over to Ishild and they share one last kiss before the final toll and Meinrad had returned to the mortal world. ()()()()()()()()()()() Meinrad wakes up and stands to his feet. He thought he was still holding Leofflæd as it felt like it, but she was not there. His heart was still heavy with the grief. What was this grief? He had no idea as he had everything he could wish for, Ishild as his wife and a daughter, but why was his hear heavy? It was something Meinrad would have to find out someday, but right now, he and the dwarfs had to prepare for this year's Christmas. From the author: I know it's short, but I want to finish this story while it is still winter. I honestly still believe that Christmas happened yesterday as it is still fresh in my mind. What is this grief Meinrad is feeling? You might have to figure it out yourself or wait until the very end. See you soon![Chapter 28] Chapter 27 922 years later Many more years passed for Meinrad and the entire world. So much had changed, but the hate was twice as strong as before. Meinrad never felt so much hate among the mortals. It was as if God gave up on the human race and let them run rampant like there was no top leader to tell them to stop. Meinrad spent the following 922 years with his family in the afterlife, but he had to leave during the Christmas holiday. 800 years later, Ishild became pregnant again and had given birth to a baby boy in the summer, whom Meinrad named him Ásbjörn which means \"god bear\". It became clear shortly afterward that Ásbjörn was just as mischievous as the dwarfs. Leofflæd was kind and was much like her mother. It was then that both Meinrad and Ishild realized that their children represented the children of the world, with Leofflæd as the spirit of goodness and Ásbjörn was the symbol of the terrible children. Both Ásbjörn and Leofflæd did not age like normal children. Instead, they aged when they turned 100 years old. After 900 years, Leofflæd looked much like a nine-year old girl, while her brother was just a one-year old toddler. The Christmas holiday had also changed dramatically. People had lost their faith and grew greedy and selfish, especially the children. Meinrad, as Krampus had his work cut out for him. Instead of sending a few naughty children to Hell, he was sending over a thousand for their disobedience or their disloyalty for the holiday. Through the years, his heart grew heavy with the grief and whenever he was in the mortal world, he felt like he was dying, bit by bit. It became clear that the people had lost their belief in Krampus and he had no choice, but to let them go without receiving any punishment. It was the Alpine community that remained loyal to the Christmas demon, or the Shadow of Saint Nicholas. Whenever he came home, he felt like crying as he was sad for the mortals. \"They had forgotten the meaning of Christmas,\" he said to Ishild one day. Ishild felt the same way and she did feel sorry for the mortals, too. On this day, Christmas Eve in the year 2915, Meinrad and the dwarfs realized that the 2000 year servitude was going to expire at midnight. \"2000 years, it certainly felt like 2000 years,\" Helmold said and he coughs a little. The dwarfs had grown old and their features had aged during the 2000 years. Many of the dwarfs had fallen ill at this time and so did Meinrad. They did wonder why they were sick as they never fallen ill before. They did what they could to carry out the punishments to the naughty children, but they became weak and tired. At first, they blamed the climate change as Austria no longer had snow during the winter time and the ice caps had melted completely, therefore much of the coasts had flooded. New York was one of the many coastal cities that fell victim to the flooding. Meinrad knew that it was not that. \"The world is dying,\" he said to the dwarfs. There were many wars that followed, many were failures and pointless battles. Meinrad and his family also witnessed a few revolutions that changed the fragile balance of the global economy. It was nearing midnight and Meinrad and the dwarfs had overheard news that a sudden deep freeze was coming. It was the new ice age that threatened the world and it was going to be more deadly than the last. Meinrad and the dwarfs had to reach their homestead in the Austrian forest as it was their wish to die in the cave. Just as they reached the edge of the forest, all of the demonic goats that served the sleigh had suddenly died. Somewhere, a clock was chiming the coming hour of midnight and Meinrad and the dwarfs hurried towards their cave. One by one, the dwarfs fell and died, but many of the others carried their fallen comrades before they too expired. Meinrad's mind was filled with memories of this forest as it was the place where he and Ishild first met. He catches sight of the cave and he and the remaining dwarfs ran as fast as they could. \"Oh my son!\" Runa cries out. Meinrad looks to see that his adoptive mother and father had fallen. He carries them toward the cave. \"Look!\" Helmold shouts and points to some trees. Meinrad saw what looked like a fog bank and the green grass and the trees froze in less than a second. It was the deep freeze, it had arrived. Snow began to fall in big chunks and a powerful wind hits Meinrad, it was dreadfully cold and his limbs felt like freezing. He and the surviving dwarfs made it to the cave as the fog bank floods into it and the midnight toll chimes. Meinrad's heart beats fast and the world around him was shrouded in total cold darkness. He watches the remaining die in front of him, including Runa and Hartwig. Meinrad then lies down and shuts his eyes. His heart beats for several seconds and then it stops. ()()()()()()()()()()() Meinrad wakes up in complete darkness, but it puzzled him. He thought he was going to Heaven, but this place felt unwelcoming. He listens carefully, he could hear voices, but they were not of the dwarfs. There was moaning and screaming and Meinrad takes a few steps forward. Then, the world around him was illuminated by fire and Meinrad looks around. This place was not Heaven, it smelled of brimstone and fire burned everywhere. \"No, no, no! This can't be right!\" Meinrad exclaims in horror. This place was Hell and he heard the laughter of Lucifer. \"You thought you were going to Heaven? After all those years?\" the Devil asks him and appears in front of Meinrad. Lucifer laughs a cold laugh and says, \"As Saint Nicholas told you, your soul is bound to Hell and you will stay here forever!\" \"No! Saint Nicholas said-\" \"Saint Nicholas said he cannot break the curse! And by the way, he tricked you! You don't get your soul back because it belongs to me! You can't trust anyone, not even a saint!\" Lucifer replies and Meinrad roars in frustration. \"Meinrad!\" he heard Ishild's voice and he turns to see his family. \"Lucifer is lying! He is holding you here because you-\" \"Silence!\" Lucifer shouts and his voice echoes all through Hell. Then, out of nowhere, shadowy figures appear and they moaned. Meinrad looks at them and recognizes them as his victims he sent to Hell during Christmas, including Gerhard and Gerlach, Ishild's father and brother. He then notices a woman and a man that look oddly familiar. It was Linza and Theomat, his mother and father. Linza did look beautiful, but her face showed no love or pity. The figures lurch forward, grabbing Meinrad and tearing at his coat and hair. \"Let go! Let go!\" Leofflæd screams at them. The shadows did not listen and they continue their carnage. Meinrad's heart becomes heavier with grief, Lucifer had won after all. \"Enough!\" Linza speaks to the shadows and they stop. She stares at Meinrad and he asks her, \"Why are you doing this?\" Linza stares at him with coldness in her eyes and she begins to talk, \"Once upon a time, there lived a girl who did everything to please her family. She had a lovely sister who had compassion in her heart. She was the talk of the village, while I, the older one was scuffed at for not being like her. \"One day, when our parents died, Chief Randulf took notice of me and asked to marry him. I was amazed and I believed that my sister would be out of my life forever. If only the chief did not notice my sister, then I would have been his wife, but instead Randulf broke off the engagement and married Hildegard. \"I was thrown out of the village, but Theomat took pity upon me and we married, but I hated him for not being rich and he lacked manliness. Then, one day, I discovered I was pregnant. Oh, I did not want children, so I said to God one night, 'I rather have the Devil's child' and it came true. Oh, such hideousness you had. How would the village think if they knew I had the Devil's child? \"I told Theomat to kill you, but he was foolish. He did not kill you, instead, he ran away like a fool, and Oda, that crazy old woman found you. I knew she was lying when she told the chief that the child I bore was dead,\" Linza said to everyone. \"Why?!\" Ishild shouts at her, \"Why do you hate your son?! What has he ever done to you?!\" Linza looks at her and answers, \"After many years of hard work, trying to please my family, and what do I get in return? Banishment!\" The shadows grab at Meinrad and began to pull him toward an open pit of lava. Leofflæd screams, \"Please, let him go!\" They ignore her and they continue to pull Meinrad towards the pit. Lucifer looks on, his face showed victory and he watches the shadows pull Meinrad towards the pit. Meinrad sees the pit, he knew that he was going to stay in Hell and suffer for eternity, like his victims. There was one thing he had to do, before he was locked up. He looks at the faces of his victims and says, \"I forgive you.\" Then, they stop dead in their tracks and let him go. \"What did you say?\" Gerhard asks him and they stare at him. \"I forgive you for sending me to Hell. I made your life miserable for sending you here,\" Meinrad repeats and looks at Linza, his mother, \"I forgive you for what you did to me.\" \"What is this nonsense?!\" Lucifer shouts at him. \"It is not nonsense. You see, I may have grown hatred towards humanity when I was mortal, but with the dwarfs and Ishild, I grew to understand love and humility. That's what it is meant to be human, you forgive each other,\" Meinrad replies and the shadows step away from him. Some began to cry, but Meinrad's words fell on Lucifer's deaf ears. \"Humans are arrogant! They never understand the value of love and humility! All they care about is greed!\" Lucifer shouts and turns to the shadows, \"Don't just stand there! Kill him!\" However, the shadows look up to face Lucifer and in a flash, they grab him. \"Stop it! Get off of me!\" he shouts and tries to open his bat-like wings, but then, the shadows tare them to pieces. Lucifer squeals in agony as the shadows push him towards the pit and then, all of them fell in. Meinrad and his family look down to the pit to see Lucifer, screaming in agony as the fire consumed him and the souls of Meinrad's victims. The souls, however, did what they could to keep Lucifer in the pit and then, the Devil's body transformed into stone and it crumples and the wind blows away the dust. Then, Meinrad passes out and falls onto his back. \"Meinrad!\" Ishild cries and their children cry out for him to wake up. Meinrad finds himself in a white space, it was completely empty and he wondered where he was. He walks around, it was warm and bright, nothing like Hell. \"Meinrad,\" he hears a familiar voice and he notices Saint Nicholas. Meinrad does not move and the saint walks up to him. \"You did it, you passed the test!\" Saint Nicholas said. \"The test?\" Meinrad asks. \"Oh, forgive me Meinrad, but you see, the real test was testing your humility. You forgave the souls of your victims and your parents for the evil they have done and for that, you have earned your place in Heaven with your family,\" Saint Nicholas said to him. Meinrad lets the tears roll down his face, \"So, the 2000 years of servitude is over for us?\" he asks and Saint Nicholas nods. \"Thank you, thank you for everything,\" Meinrad adds, \"But what has happened to the mortal world?\" he asks. \"It is in a new ice age, the surviving humans must learn from their mistakes, and I am afraid there will not be any more Krampus' nights or Christmases until the world has healed, which I believe it will be a long time,\" Saint Nicholas answers. \"I believe the humans will learn humility again, even if it takes many years,\" Meinrad said and the saint nods. \"But, what of Lucifer?\" he asks. \"Lucifer will no longer taunt humanity as he has ceased to exist, but the real test has began for the humans. Will they restore their humility and believe in me and you, again? Only God knows,\" Saint Nicholas answers. \"And what of Linza and Theomat? And the victims I sent to Hell?\" Meinrad asks, again. \"They have found peace, but I am afraid they can't go to Heaven just yet, they still have much to learn after what you did for them. You best go and gather your family, the gates of Heaven are now open for you,\" he replies and he sends Meinrad back to his family. \"Papa!\" Leofflæd cries out for her father and Ásbjörn cried too. Just then, Meinrad wakes up and stands and his family jump on him. \"Easy!\" he demands and they back off. He looks to see that he was back in the cave and the bodies of the dwarfs lay around him. The cave's opening had been frozen shut. Meinrad gathers his family in his arms and tells them what Saint Nicholas told him. \"So, it's over? For good?\" Ásbjörn asks in his little boy voice. \"It is for now I believe, but now, we are being called to Heaven now. There's one thing I must tell all of you, I love you so much,\" Meinrad said to them and his children hug him, while Ishild shares a kiss with him. They cuddle themselves beside Meinrad and they doze off before succumbing to death. From the author: And now my fellow readers, get ready for the tear-jerking epilogue![Chapter 29] Epilogue Meinrad and his family awoke to see that the world around them had changed. The forest floor was covered in snow and the sun was shining bright. It was nothing like the deep freeze, instead, this world was warm and bright. They walk towards the meadow that was also covered in snow. \"Look there,\" Ishild said, pointing to a village a little further away. It was her village and both their children ran towards it. At the village, Helmold shouts, \"I see them!\" The dwarfs went crazy and they hurry to meet their beloved comrades. A woman took notice of them and cries out, \"Ishild!\" It was Rosmunda, her mother, and Ishild's eyes grew wide when she saw her and Willahelm, her horse. Ishild and Meinrad rush to meet Rosmunda and mother and daughter embraced. \"Oh darling, you taught Meinrad well,\" Rosmunda said and Ishild greets her to Meinrad and their children. \"I couldn't have done it without you,\" Ishild replies to her mother. A celebration was held that day, with plenty of dancing and music. Ishild and Meinrad, however, left the dancing to be alone, but they did their own dancing and they shared kisses under the moonlit sky. At long last, Meinrad's trial was over and he had succeeded. His reward was earning his place in Heaven and his heart was relieved of the grief he felt all of his life. He was determined to teach his children humility and love, but for now, he wanted to spend the time he had to be with Ishild. Both of them look up at the starry sky and hold each other, not wanting to let this moment pass before them. THE END From the author: At long last, it is finished! I hope all of you enjoyed it! I want to thank my readers and reviewers for the lovely comments! I hope that my other stories will please you, including the ones that I will make in the future. Take care and see you soon! ","Summary":" Krampus: Origins *I have made this story back in 2015. I finally got to see the film in December of"}]